Wraylynn Victoria Sativa Nance was born at 9:40 p.m. Sept. 25, 2017, at OSF HealthCare Saint Anthony's Health Center, the daughter of Nick Nance and Julia Bradshaw of Wood River. She weighed 8 pounds and was 21 inches long. Grandparents are Ethan Nance of Alton, Kim Woolsey of Jerseyville, Philip Bradshaw of Godfrey, and Melissa Sanders of Godfrey. Great-grandparents are Roger and Vickie Nance of Edwardsville, Kenny and Mary Fulkerson of Wood River, Stephanie and Donald Hill of Godfrey, and Glenda and Merle Bradshaw of Godfrey. Great-great-grandparent is Norma Graham of Roxana.
In the early hours of March 7, 2016, 20-year-old Brandon Jansen typed one last text message before he died.
In the early hours of March 7, 2016, Brandon Jansen typed one last text message before he died.
“Jus(t) met him,” reads a message he sent at 2:12 a.m. to a fellow patient at the Sunshine Coast Treatment Centre, where he was seeking treatment for an opioid addiction.
Half an hour later, Jansen slipped into the abyss of fentanyl overdose, his breath slowing until all the life had drained from his 20-year-old body.
A coroners inquest beginning Jan. 16 will shed light on the events leading up to Jansen's final and fatal hit. But his mother, Michelle, lives in angst not knowing whether the dealer that sold it to him is behind bars.
Information contained within Brandon's cellphone provides a detailed history of his drug purchases, she said. Text message screenshots she sent to Postmedia show the date and time of the transaction that preceded his death.
Michelle Jansen said other messages identify the people who sold her son drugs.
But 10 months later, Mounties still won't update her on their investigation into her son's death, even after she made dozens of calls, she said.
“Nobody will talk to me. The investigating officer won't return my calls,” she said. “The police should be communicating with me, considering I am his mother … they full well know who brought the drugs and nothing's being done about it.”
Jansen believes the dealer may still be selling fentanyl, despite investigators holding potentially damning digital evidence.
“It makes me turn inside,” she said. “He killed my son. And for nothing to be done about it? It's a travesty, it's wrong. And it's just going to continue to happen. I mean, look at how many people have now died?”
Police tackling ‘organized operation'
In the first 11 months of 2016, illicit-drug overdoses killed 755 people, according to the B.C. Coroners Service. The toxic opioid fentanyl was detected in an estimated 60 per cent of those deaths.
A Postmedia investigation last May found most fentanyl was being shipped as powder into B.C. from labs in China, to be pressed into counterfeit prescription-drug pills or cut into cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin by drug dealers.
Some users actively seek fentanyl for its low cost per hit but dealers also pass it off as other substances.
B.C. police have announced large busts of drug operations and seizures of fentanyl as the result of months-long joint-forces operations.
In March 2015, Vancouver police and RCMP announced that Project Tainted had led to dozens of trafficking charges against 10 people and the seizure of drugs including 29,000 fentanyl pills. In February 2016, Vancouver police announced that Project Trooper, which netted drugs including 24,000 fentanyl pills, led to dozens of trafficking charges approved against six people.
Mounties have shut down pill-pressing operations and fentanyl dealers are regularly arrested, such as Tylor Michael James Derycke, who was arrested May 20 in Campbell River and charged with possession of cocaine, heroin, fentanyl and marijuana for the purpose of trafficking, according to a report from the Campbell River Mirror.
A judgment from September said Derycke's hotel was searched and police found a cellphone and a key card for a room at a hotel. Calls coming into that phone were consistent with a dial-a-dope operation.
“This is an organized operation,” the judge said. “The main ‘boss' has the primary cellphone and calls relating to the individuals wanting to purchase drugs go to the primary cellphone and are then forwarded to the lower level traffickers such as Mr. Derycke who are on shift or working at the time.”
‘I never heard from them'
Yet families across B.C. told Postmedia they feel justice hasn't been adequately served against the dealers who sold fentanyl to their loved ones, particularly after they provided police with digital evidence.
Helen Jennens lost her son Tyler Leinweber, 40, to a fentanyl overdose on Jan. 14, 2016. After becoming addicted to OxyContin following an injury, the Kelowna father began using heroin. He had been attending drug counselling when a dealer sold him fentanyl passed off as heroin.
Leinweber's cellphone was plugged in and charging where his body was found.
“I brought it home with me and I started going through the texts and you could see when he connected with the dealer,” Jennens said. “You can see where he's going to meet the guy in the parking lot of the church next to where he lived.”
Jennens said she called the dial-a-dope dealer's number the next day.
“I got the guy and I said to him, ‘What did you sell me?' And the guy, he didn't know who I was … he was kind of playing dumb, saying, ‘Oh, it wasn't me, it was another guy.'”
When Jennens brought her son's phone to police, they showed little interest in following up on the names she'd found scrolling through the phone, she said.
“They told me they'd get back to me and I never heard from them,” she said. Eventually, she learned the dealer was up on other charges.
Jennens said she understands the difficulty police have in building a case and that they may be dealing with an overburdened criminal-justice system.
But she wonders if her son's dealer is still on the street, running a deadly dial-a-dope operation.
“We know they're terribly busy, we know there's a crisis. But in my mind, you have to punish people for their crimes,” she said.
“The consequence is not there. There's no deterrent for these guys to stop doing what they're doing.”
‘It was very clear there was a dealer in there'
Lance Ritchie died of an overdose on Jan. 17, 2016, while in a recovery program in Kamloops overcoming alcoholism.
He ingested a pill he thought was the prescription painkiller OxyContin but a toxicology report determined that the only opioid in his blood was fentanyl, said his sister, Shannon Ritchie.
Lance had a habit of deleting text old messages from his cell phone but everything from the day he died was still saved when the coroner arrived, Shannon said.
“I started looking through it and it was very clear there was a dealer in there,” she said.
Shannon said she asked police to investigate her brother's text messages but they showed little interest until weeks later, after overdoses killed more people in the community.
“They took his phone for several weeks and downloaded the content,” she said. “They said they were going to be doing an investigation and that they couldn't really update me on what was going on, so I probably wouldn't hear much. I haven't heard anything. No one's ever called me back.”
A year later, she still doesn't know if charges have been recommended against the man who deceived Lance with a fentanyl pill.
“As far as I can tell, the drug dealer's still in business,” she said.
‘The end game here is none of them were buying fentanyl'
Sandra Tully lost her son Ryan Pinneo, 22, to a fentanyl overdose in Kamloops. After repeated attempts to detox, on Jan. 20, Pinneo was found slumped over on a chair in his bedroom with 3½ counterfeit Oxycontin 80 pills sitting nearby.
Tully said her son's phone went missing before his death but in the days that followed, community members began to point fingers and name people suspected of tricking him into buying pills made with fentanyl.
Tully said she and her husband tried to forward these names to police but stopped calling because they never responded.
“You're grieving anyhow and you just don't have the energy to chase them down,” she said.
“It's almost what we're holding on to — that somebody, somewhere, down the road, will be held accountable for the death of our child. Because the end game here is none of them were buying fentanyl.”
Repeatedly over the past six weeks, Postmedia has requested interviews with the B.C. RCMP to discuss how cellphone evidence is used in investigations. No one was made available before deadline.
‘A person's right to privacy does not end upon their death'
B.C. RCMP Cpl. Janelle Shoihet said in an emailed statement that police recognize that families are being dramatically impacted by the opiod crisis.
She said it is difficult for the force to make general comments about specific investigations but spoke to some of the challenges police may face.
“In some instances, there may be evidentiary information available on a deceased person's cell phone. However, we must also recognize that a person's right to privacy does not end upon their death,” she said.
“In order to obtain the evidence which may be stored on a person's cellphone, judicial authorization would be required. In most cases, the information obtained would not on its own support charges and further investigation would be warranted.
“Many times, there would be numerous other investigative avenues available to police, which would garner similar evidence to support charges.”
Shoihet said the RCMP encourages those with information to reach out directly to local police, who can best assess what investigative options are available on a case-by-case basis.
Postmedia also contacted local detachments to find out whether there were active investigations into the four deaths reported in this story.
Cpl. Jesse O'Donaghey of Kelowna wrote that there are no active criminal investigations or investigations that resulted in the laying of any charges following Tyler Jennen's death.
“Specific details about any investigation only become known when that investigation results in charges being laid by Crown Counsel,” Donaghey said.
“This is done not only to protect the integrity of our investigations but also to protect all citizens that may be subject to a police investigation where no charges are laid. The RCMP continue to support the B.C. Coroners Service in their investigation.”
Officers from the Kamloops and Powell River detachments did not respond before deadline.
Police ‘have to be fairly guarded about what they tell the public'
Neil Boyd, a professor in the Department of Criminology at Simon Fraser University, said it's understandable that police carefully guard information about ongoing investigations, during which they may be trying to trace the cellphone communications to the street-level dealer's superiors.
“I'm reluctant to be critical of the police in this circumstance,” Boyd said. “Obviously they took the cellphones and I would assume they're interested in what's in those phones and the connections to the dealers, because everybody has the same goal of trying to get fentanyl off the street, given the risk that it imposes.”
Boyd said he believes police are focused on stymying the flow of fentanyl at higher levels and said the dealers turning up in court for trafficking offences “are not the people who are running the show, by any stretch.”
And while he understands the frustration that has led to criticism of these investigations, he said its prudent they are conducted without police disclosing particulars.
“They have to be fairly guarded about what they tell the public and that unfortunately includes the parents of children who have suffered heroin or fentanyl overdoses,” Boyd said.
In an emailed reply to general questions about cellphone evidence, Vancouver police spokesman Staff Sgt. Randy Fincham said: “An investigation into what or who may have led to an overdose is complex. First, we would need to be able to beyond a reasonable doubt prove the source of the drugs.
“Second, we would need to prove that the dealer had awareness of the toxicity of the substance, and that they (knowingly) sold the drugs to another for their consumption.”
$43-million provincial response
In a statement, Clayton Pecknold, B.C.'s director of police services, said Minister of Public Safety and Solicitor General Mike Morris is working to ensure adequate and effective levels of policing and enforcement are maintained in the province.
Pecknold said that because police investigations and enforcement decisions occur “at arm's length from government,” the ministry can't interfere with or direct police on such matters.
But Pecknold, who is also co-chair of the Joint Task Force on Overdose Response, said the ministry recognizes the toll the opioid crisis is taking on British Columbians and their families.
“I can tell you that law enforcement is working at all levels of government to interdict the supply of toxic drugs, and there have been a number of investigations that have resulted in seizure of these drugs and arrests,” he said.
“The provincial government has provided $43 million in response to the ongoing opioid crisis, some of which is being used for the purchase and training in the use of naloxone kits for police; purchase of additional advanced equipment and training which will enhance the police's ability to immediately test and detect fentanyl and additional funding which will be used for investigations focused on those individuals trafficking in fentanyl.”
Pecknold said the ministry has spent $3.5 million on two new Combined Forces Special Enforcement Unit B.C. teams, which investigate organized crime, such as those responsible for the importation and trafficking of fentanyl.
neagland@postmedia.com
twitter.com/nickeagland
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
Makkal Needhi Maiam chief Kamal Haasan on Tuesday lashed out at the "casting couch culture," which choreographer Saroj Khan defended, saying no woman should favour it and diminish the rights of women including his daugther in the film industry."It is the right of a woman to refuse to sit, lie down or kick away that couch, and no woman shall talk in favour of it and reduce (diminish) the rights of my sister and daughter who is also in the industry," he said.His remark came when his reaction was sought to Saroj Khan defending the casting couch culture.Haasan's daughter Shruthi Haasan is a popular actress."Women have the right to say no to couch. Let them establish that. Let it (casting couch culture) not be justified. If someone talks supporting it, I will assume that they are talking against my sisters," he told reporters here.When Haasan's attention was drawn to Congress leader Renuka Chowdhury's remark that casting couch was the "bitter truth" of not just the film industry but all work spaces and even Parliament was not immune to it, he said it was yet another corruption in politics."We want to do away with it," the actor said.Asked if his party would contest local body polls whenever it was announced, he said "absolutely that is what we are aiming at."Earlier, Haasan led a "model gram sabha," meeting on behalf of his party here to underscore the importance of local self-goverance as an effective tool to do away with corruption and foster development.Through the mock meet, the participants from villages were apprised of the subjects that should be discussed in the gram sabha meetings to facilitate graft free growth.Stating that funds for gram sabhas for about 12,524 villages of Tamil Nadu were not a constraint in view of the Panchayati Raj system, Haasan said the question was if such funds were being utilised properly.This year marks the completion of 25th anniversary of the 73rd and 74th amendments to the Constitution adopted in December 1992 which paved the way for the Panchayati Raj.Haasan recalled that this day in 1993, the 73rd Amendment Act came into force paving the way for village panchayats.If steps had been taken for effective implementation of components of the Panchayati Raj including the gram sabhas, "the face of Tamil Nadu would have changed," he said."Graft can be ended through mitigation, prevention and later eradication," Haasan said."However, the Panchayati Raj system, which is our strenghth and by itself a solution, has not functioned well due to political selfishnees and in consideration of political mileage," he said.People too had not monitored it well, he said.It was now the duty of all sections to ensure that it was implemented properly for the welfare of the people.If gram sabha meetings were not held as per schedule on May 1, he said it should be brought to the notice of his party so that it could be taken up with authorities.
LONDON – On Saturday 27th January 2018 Sikh Council UK executive committee delegates held a meeting at Sri Guru Singh Sabha Gurdwara Coventry and debated the recent decisions of Gurdwara management committees across the world including a number of Gurdwara members of the Sikh Council UK to publicise the placing of restrictions on Indian government officials from speaking from their Gurdwara stages and being given any recognition.
It was noted that publicising the restrictions on Indian officials made public the longstanding and ongoing restrictions that have been in place in many Gurdwaras in the UK and other countries across the Indian diaspora arising from longstanding and outstanding concerns of human rights violations of Sikhs and other minority communities in India and state interference in community matters. It was also noted the restrictions did not relate to anyone including Indian officials attending Gurdwaras for prayer in individual capacities.
Sikh Council UK executive committee delegates unanimously resolved to oppose any interference in internal Sikh affairs, doctrines and practices by any outside body or state and agreed it is within the prerogative of Gurdwara management committees to make decisions based on Sikh protocols and norms within the framework of the Sikh Rehit Maryada on who to invite or not invite speaking from or be given any recognition from Gurdwara stages. The delegates welcomed the recent clarification in this respect from the Akal Takhat the highest temporal seat of the Sikhs and agreed the publicising of the restrictions on Indian officials in Gurdwaras was an appropriate response to outstanding and ongoing community concerns.
It was noted that the Gurdwara stage is an important Sikh community platform and Gurdwara management committees are mandated to ensure its use accords with Sikh beliefs and traditions including the coupling of the spiritual with the temporal. Resistance to state tyranny and defending human rights and the freedom of expression are fundamental Sikh tenets and historical Sikh traditions and it is entirely appropriate for these matters to be raised within historical and contemporary contexts from Gurdwara stages.
"The Republicans are proposing to pay for their giant tax cut to the rich by gutting Medicare and Medicaid."
It didn't take long for Democrats to criticize President Donald Trump's tax proposal as being biased toward wealthier Americans. But would those same tax cuts be paid for by big cuts to Medicare and Medicaid?
Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said so during a Senate floor speech on Oct. 4.
"The Republicans are proposing to pay for their giant tax cut to the rich by gutting Medicare and Medicaid," Schumer said. "That's the bombshell this week. That is the nugget that will destroy their whole plan, because Americans are so against those kinds of cuts."
In reality, the linkage between the proposed tax cuts and possible cuts to Medicare are more complicated than Schumer described.
Schumer's evidence
Schumer's staff said the "bombshell" is in the Senate Republicans' budget proposal, unveiled on Sept. 29. The 89-page document would increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion over the next decade.
The Medicare and Medicaid cuts Schumer cited come from relatively hard-to-find numbers released by the Senate Budget Committee, which wrote the proposal.
To determine the size of the cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, Schumer's office compared the most recent "baseline" spending amounts produced by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, and the amounts proposed by the Senate budget document.
For Medicare, Schumer's office calculated that projected spending on the program would be in excess of $8.5 trillion over the next 10 years, if no changes are made from the status quo. The GOP budget, by contrast, projects Medicare spending over the same period to be $8.1 trillion.
The difference between the estimate and the GOP budget plan: almost $473 billion, or 5.5 percent of the CBO baseline.
For the category that includes Medicaid, CBO produced a baseline spending level of $6.6 trillion over 10 years. In the GOP budget, the equivalent amount is $5.3 trillion over 10 years.
That's a difference of $1.3 trillion. Since Medicaid is estimated to account for 80 percent of that budget line, the specific decline in Medicaid spending would be a bit under $1.1 trillion, or about 17 percent.
The Senate Budget Committee responds
On Medicare, the Senate Budget Committee did not quibble with Schumer's number. However, the committee argued that this is not a "cut" because Medicare spending will still rise over the next 10 years -- by about 82 percent over 10 years, instead of 99 percent growth over 10 years under the status quo. Here's a graph the committee produced:
The committee said this slowdown is justified because CBO says that Medicare's Hospital Insurance Trust Fund -- which covers beneficiaries' stays at hospitals and other facilities -- will run out by 2025. Making smaller cuts all along would prolong the life of the trust fund and prevent bigger cuts later on, the committee argues.
As for Medicaid, the committee said that the budget resolution does not reallocate savings from Medicaid to achieve tax relief. Instead, it projects economic growth spurred by the separately proposed tax overhaul will average 2.6 percent annually, helping pay for tax cuts. Also, the committee argues that widespread benefits from the tax overhaul will leave more money in Americans' pockets and reduce the need for Medicaid enrollment.
Assessing the arguments
We should start by noting that the budget proposal -- and especially the tax proposal -- are works in progress and could change before (or if) they are enacted.
The Senate Budget Committee has a point that Medicare spending will be going up, just not as fast as it would under the status quo. It also has a point that more modest cuts sooner could stave off bigger cuts later. (Experts have often told us that it's presumptuous to assume significant economic growth impacts before they materialize.)
But we don't find it unreasonable for Schumer to call cumulative reductions to Medicare and Medicaid spending in the hundreds of billions of dollars "cuts." The reductions below the CBO baseline are indeed in the Senate budget document, which fits with Schumer's words that the GOP is "proposing" them. And an independent analysis by the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center backs up the notion that the GOP's cuts are tilted toward richer Americans.
That said, he's glossed over some nuance.
The tax proposal is advancing on a different track than the Senate Republicans' budget plan, and both are at an early stage. So Schumer's direct linkage between specific tax cuts and Medicare-Medicaid cuts is exaggerated -- and keyed to a hot-button issue for voters.
As released, the tax proposal promises to partially offset cuts by repealing other tax breaks, with the rest simply adding to the deficit. And the Senate budget resolution allows the deficit to increase by $1.5 trillion.
Since money is fungible, this means that it would be at least as accurate to say that the tax cuts would be paid for by added deficits, rather than cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.
In the meantime, Medicare and Medicaid cuts aren't as inevitable as Schumer suggests. The way things look now, the tax cuts, procedurally, would be easier to pass than the spending cuts.
Passage of the budget would tee up a 51-vote Senate threshold for the tax proposal -- easier than the regular 60-vote threshold for Senate business. While the spending cuts could also be passed within that 51-vote bill, the current indications from GOP leaders is that this 51-vote measure would be reserved for taxes, not spending, said Patrick Newton, a spokesman for the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a group that is generally considered hawkish on deficits.
And if spending cuts to Medicare and Medicaid need to go through the regular 60-vote process, they would be highly unlikely to pass in the current Congress, Newton said.
Schumer's office acknowledges such difficulties but adds that an existing "pay-as-you-go" budget law would require mandatory cuts in any case.
Newton added, however, that Congress has previously waived this requirement through legislation.
"Presumably, Schumer would be interested in ‘wiping the scorecard' and avoiding those cuts," Newton said.
Our ruling
Schumer said, "The Republicans are proposing to pay for their giant tax cut to the rich by gutting Medicare and Medicaid."
He has a point that the tax proposal includes significant tax cuts and that the Senate Republicans' budget proposal reduces projected spending levels for Medicare and Medicaid by hundreds of billions of dollars over 10 years.
However, Schumer has overstated the linkage between the proposed tax and spending cuts. In addition, his decision to highlight Medicare and Medicaid cuts with the vivid word "gutting" leaves the impression that such reductions are a drastic reshaping and are likelier to occur than they actually are.
We rate his statement Half True.
Val Kilmer spoke to his fans via his Facebook account telling them that he is doing fine and he is NOT dying and has no cancer. This was the exact opposite of what the audience saw in a recent event in Los Angeles as the actor promoted his one-man show "Citizen Twain." The actor said that he is undergoing speech therapy to improve his condition after his health issues of last year.
A video of Val Kilmer talking to the audience of an event to promote his show recently appeared online. On the video, Kilmer appeared very frail, thin and sickly. It was noticeable that he had a hard time standing and was struggling to say anything. The "Top Gun" actor denied many times that he was in poor health and he had any surgery done. However, he did one admitted he had a procedure done but said that it was nothing major. He said that he is feeling better in a rare public appearance, Mail Online reported.
Many are concerned that Val Kilmer could be in a grave state of health because he was not getting the treatment that he needs. The "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" star is an active Scientology follower and advocates the use of prayer for healing. His Christian Scientist beliefs may be preventing him from seeking the necessary treatment for his condition, says The Hollywood Gossip.
Advertisement
Those who saw Val Kilmer in his public appearance last week could not believe what they saw. The crowd thought he might have had a miraculous recovery or he could be at the end of his years. He was unable to stand as he talked to the audience and was noticeably out of breath. He has lost half of his weight and his face has very deep lines, mentioned by people in the crowd.
Meanwhile, Michael Douglas, a close friend of Val Kilmer said that the actor is suffering from the same thing that he had. Douglas was diagnosed of throat cancer and has undergone treatment for his condition. But as expected, the "Batman Forever" dismissed this claim and said that his friend loved him so much and meant no harm to his speculation.
Activists, including several Korean-Americans, rally against possible U.S. military action and sanctions against North Korea, across the street from the United Nations headquarters in New York City.
Activists, including several Korean-Americans, rally against possible U.S. military action and sanctions against North Korea, across the street from the United Nations headquarters in New York City.
Activists, including several Korean-Americans, rally against possible U.S. military action and sanctions against North Korea, across the street from the United Nations headquarters in New York City.
Activists, including several Korean-Americans, rally against possible U.S. military action and sanctions against North Korea, across the street from the United Nations headquarters in New York City.
Edmonton motorists were in for a shock Wednesday morning as gas prices at some stations had jumped by around 20 cents per litre overnight.
The price at some stations climbed to $1.36 per litre from less than $1.20 per litre.
READ MORE: Suncor says gas supply shortage to blame for closed pumps at Petro-Canada stations in Edmonton
On Twitter, drivers were being clear with their thoughts on the most recent severe gas hike:
Its nice they didn't bend us over at the gas pumps before the long weekend but they are making up for it now! #Alberta #stalbert #Yeg — Br'er Rabbit (@Tavis_P) July 4, 2018
On Wednesday morning, GasBuddy.com showed there were gas stations in Edmonton that still had gas prices between $1.15 and $1.17 per litre as of 8:30 a.m.
Shop around #yeg drivers!! Gas prices have surged to $136.9 at some stations BUT you don't have to pay that. Others are still at $115.4-116.9 pic.twitter.com/1faE0NOLhN — Erin Chalmers (@ChalmersErin) July 4, 2018
READ MORE: Will gas prices go up or down on May long weekend? Depends on where in Canada you live
GasBuddy.com petroleum analyst Dan McTeague predicted in April prices in Edmonton would remain between $1.15 and $1.30 per litre.
According to the 2017 Debit Issuer Study, commissioned by PULSE, U.S. financial institutions substantially increased issuance of chip debit cards in 2016 and experienced reduced fraud losses. Since the fraud liability shift for most debit transactions took effect in 2015, an estimated 80 percent of U.S. debit cards have been converted to chip cards. The study also found that fraud loss rates dropped by approximately 28 percent in 2016 compared to 2015 levels.
The 12th annual Debit Issuer Study also confirmed that fraud continues to challenge issuers. U.S. financial institutions lost an estimated $900 million to debit card fraud in 2016.
“The financial services industry has taken a number of measures that likely impacted the reduction in fraud losses for debit card issuers,” said Jim Lerdal, Vice President of Fraud and Risk Management for PULSE. “Among them are the conversion to chip debit cards, greater use of tokenization in mobile commerce and continued investment in fraud-mitigation solutions.”
But reducing card fraud is not a simple prospect. “The more financial institutions tighten fraud-tolerance limits, the more they risk negatively impacting the cardholder experience,” said Lerdal. “It is a balancing act because declining potentially fraudulent transactions could lead to ‘false positive' fraud identification, which can frustrate account holders and potentially drive them to other methods of payment.”
Mobile wallets see increased enrollment, but low usage
The study also found enrollment of debit cards into Apple Pay increased 80 percent in 2016. Key findings include:
Three out of four issuers now support debit cards being loaded into at least one mobile wallet.
Enrollment among consumers also has increased, with Apple Pay remaining the most popular mobile wallet of the big three “Pays,” which include Android Pay and Samsung Pay.
Despite this momentum, usage of debit cards in mobile wallets remains low. Combined, Apple Pay, Android Pay and Samsung Pay account for only about one-quarter of 1 percent of U.S. debit transactions.
Continued growth of debit
Debit card usage grew in 2016, driven by an increase in both the overall card base and transactions per active card. Study findings include:
The total number of debit transactions continued to increase, rising an average of 7 percent year-over-year in 2016 for the issuers in the study.
The number of debit transactions per active consumer card reached a record high of 23.6 transactions per month, which represents a 6 percent increase over results report in the 2016 study.
The number of debit cards increased 1 percent year-over-year.
“This year's study confirms that debit remains a core part of the expanding payments landscape, even as new forms of payment emerge,” said Steve Sievert, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Brand Communications for PULSE. “The average consumer now uses their debit card 39 percent more often than they did in 2010, and for more transactions of lower value, indicating that debit is a fundamental financial tool for their everyday lives.”
Chip card growth likely to slow as transition plateaus
Issuers have put chip debit cards in the hands of consumers at a faster pace than anticipated in last year's study. “Chip-on-chip” transactions – those conducted with chip-enabled cards at chip-enabled terminals – amounted to 30 percent of all debit transactions in January 2017, a 650 percent year-over-year increase.
“The growth of chip-on-chip transactions is likely to slow as the card base migration concludes,” said Tony Hayes, a Partner at Oliver Wyman who co-led the study. “In addition, many transactions are not chip-eligible, such as online purchases and fuel dispenser transactions.”
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170814005875/en/PULSE-Study-Debit-Fraud-Loss-Rates-Decline
Google's Project Fi, a phone service that in the U.S. piggybacks off the major carriers and Wi-Fi, has added three new phones that will work with the service, additions that could interest more customers.
But without Apple's iPhone as an option, the foray is still likely to remain somewhat of a curiosity.
On Wednesday, Google announced that three new handsets will be coming soon to Fi, starting with the budget-oriented $199 moto G6 that is now available for preorder. Motorola's phone normally goes for $50 or more.
The other devices, both from LG, are higher-end smartphones: the $740 LG G7 ThinQ and the $899 LG V35 ThinQ.
Project Fi quietly has been plugging along since April 2015 when Google launched its then-invitation-only phone service. Very few phones are compatible with the service, which has remained low-key.
These latest phones, each with large screens, portrait mode-equipped cameras and expandable storage, join the only others in what remains a thin Project Fi portfolio: Google's own Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL; the Android One moto x4; plus the older Google devices that are still supported, the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, Nexus 6P, Pixel and Pixel XL.
Expanding the Fi lineup certainly is a positive, but it's still difficult to imagine that Fi will suddenly gain a bevy of new customers, especially since it still lacks the most prized phones on the market from Apple and Samsung.
“The handset choice — or better, the lack of it — is a big hurdle,” says Roger Entner, an analyst with Recon Analytics. “Not having iPhones is literally halving its addressable market.”
Fi never emerged as the disruptive force in wireless that some predicted when rumors first surfaced that Google had designs on becoming an Internet Service Provider. For its part, Google maintained that it wasn't trying to overtake the cellular business but rather to showcase what was possible when the company could manage the hardware in its devices, the software in Android and the connectivity with Fi.
The appeal of the service for consumers is that Google charges low rates — $20 a month for unlimited calls and texts, plus $10 for each gigabyte of data up to 6GB. But Google doesn't charge you for data you don't use.
Of course, the environment has changed since 2015, with consumers now having many attractive unlimited wireless plans from which to choose.
Google's network is actually an MVNO (mobile virtual network operator) that in the U.S. uses T-Mobile, Sprint and U.S. Cellular and automatically chooses the fastest and strongest available network to glom onto, whether that's cellular or Wi-Fi.(Overseas, it works with a European provider Three.)
Google didn't answer a question on how a T-Mobile/Sprint merger, if approved, might impact Fi.
Nor has Google said how many customers use Fi, though the company claims a "healthy user base" and "high customer satisfaction."
“I don't think it is growing much if any at all,” Entner says. “Advertising and promotion is the lifeblood of any wireless brand. Without it, and I haven't seen any advertising for it, it languishes. As the name indicates it's a project, not a product.”
Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Brisbane: Australia will play Germany in the opening round of the Davis Cup World Group on hard court in Brisbane in February, organisers said Monday.
The tie is expected to pit two of the world's leading young players against each other – Australia's Nick Kyrgios and Germany's Alexander Zverev, the current world number four.
Kyrgios led Australia to the Davis Cup semi-finals this year, while Zverev had his best year on tour, winning 55 matches and five titles, including two ATP Masters 1000 trophies.
"Our tie against Germany will be no mean feat and the boys will need to be in their very best form," Australia captain Lleyton Hewitt said.
The clash will take place from 2 to 4 February at the Pat Rafter Arena.
The secret military detention of a U.S. citizen who allegedly fought for Islamic State has posed an unusual legal test for the Trump administration as it struggles to define a policy for dealing with captives in the war on terror.
The Pentagon has yet to release the name of the American in custody. Officials say he surrendered to U.S.-backed militia forces in Syria on or about Sept. 12 and was turned over to U.S. military authorities.
U.S. forces are detaining him as an “unlawful enemy combatant” at an undisclosed location in Iraq, the Pentagon said. U.S. officials have not said when the American will face charges, be given a lawyer or be brought before a judge.
In an attempt to force the issue, the American Civil Liberties Union has filed a habeas corpus petition in U.S. District Court in Washington, arguing that the secret detention violates a U.S. citizen's rights to see a lawyer and to answer charges before a judge.
“He's being held basically in a black box, without any way to enforce his rights,” said Jonathan Hafetz, a senior lawyer for the ACLU.
Hafetz said the government can't hold an American citizen indefinitely without charges or access to the legal system. “They have not indicated what their plans are. We hope they will do the right thing and present him to a court,” he said.
The Justice Department said it was reviewing the ACLU petition and declined to comment further. The Pentagon also declined to comment.
An International Committee of the Red Cross delegate visited the American last week in accordance with the group's role in military conflicts.
“ICRC confirms that it has been able to visit a U.S. citizen, captured in Syria and currently held by the U.S. authorities, but in accordance with our confidential approach, we are not in a position to comment on the individual's identity, location, or conditions of detention,” spokesman Marc Kilstein said in a statement.
The government has argued that it has the right to hold enemy combatants indefinitely. But the Supreme Court has twice decided that military prisoners — even those held outside the country — have the right to contest their detention in court.
“All detainees in DoD custody are treated humanely and in compliance with U.S. and international law,” said Maj. Ben Sakrisson, a Pentagon spokesman.
The unusual case could provide an indication of whether the administration will follow President Trump's vows, during the campaign last year, to send enemy combatants and terrorism suspects to the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
But indications so far suggest the government wants to bring charges in a civilian court. More than 500 Americans and numerous foreigners have been convicted of terrorism-related charges in U.S. civilian courts since 2001.
According to defense officials, the American in custody was questioned in a two-step process that civilian courts have allowed in terrorism cases.
U.S. intelligence officials first pressed the detainee for his knowledge of terrorist organizations, planning or active plots. After that, they said, a separate team of FBI agents interviewed him in an effort to obtain evidence that could be used in court.
As the law requires, they informed him of his Miranda rights to see a lawyer and warned that anything he said could be used against him in court.
At that point, the detainee stopped talking, officials said. The details of the interview were first reported by the New York Times.
An estimated 30,000 foreign fighters from around the globe flocked to Iraq and Syria after Islamic State first captured vast parts of the two countries in 2014 and proclaimed an Islamist caliphate.
Although the FBI conducted hundreds of investigations and arrested scores of people for raising money or providing support to Islamic State, relatively few Americans made their way to the front lines as combatants.
One who did, Mohamad Jamal Khweis of Alexandria, Va., was grabbed in western Iraq by Kurdish guerrillas in March 2016 and later turned over to U.S. authorities.
A federal jury convicted Khweis, 27, in June of providing and conspiring to provide material support to Islamic State, and a related firearms count. He faces a maximum sentence of life in prison when he is sentenced on Oct. 13.
A separate terrorism trial began last week in a federal courtroom in Washington.
Ahmed Abu Khatallah, a Libyan, is charged with murder and other crimes for allegedly orchestrating the September 2012 armed attacks on a U.S. diplomatic compound and nearby CIA outpost in Benghazi, Libya, that killed four Americans, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya, J. Christopher Stevens.
No one has been sent to the military prison in Guantanamo Bay, in contrast, in nearly a decade.
The facility was opened in secret after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. About 780 foreigners ultimately were detained there, but the last to arrive was in early 2008.
President George W. Bush and then President Obama transferred, resettled or repatriated nearly the entire population, and both sought to close the site. Only 41 detainees remain.
Only one U.S. citizen, Yasser Hamdi, was ever held at the camp, but only because U.S. officials didn't initially realize he was an American. He was repatriated to Saudi Arabia after he agreed to renounce U.S. citizenship. His court appeals first established legal rights for the detainees.
Several of Trump's top aides, including Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions and Chief of Staff John F. Kelly, favor keeping Guantanamo Bay open. Kelly, a retired four-star Marine Corps general, oversaw operations at the prison as commander of U.S. Southern Command from 2012 to 2016.
“They're all bad boys,” Kelly said in January 2016, during his last press briefing in uniform, of the final few dozen still held at the camp. “We have dossiers on all of them. Some of them were more effective in being bad boys than others. I think we can all quibble on whether 13 or 12 or eight years in detention is enough to have them — having paid for whatever they did. But they're bad guys.”
CAPTION California Atty. Gen. Xavier Becerra says he filed the suit separately instead of joining one already filed by 15 other states because the state and its economy will be especially harmed by the decision. (Sept. 11, 2017) California Atty. Gen. Xavier Becerra says he filed the suit separately instead of joining one already filed by 15 other states because the state and its economy will be especially harmed by the decision. (Sept. 11, 2017) CAPTION California Atty. Gen. Xavier Becerra says he filed the suit separately instead of joining one already filed by 15 other states because the state and its economy will be especially harmed by the decision. (Sept. 11, 2017) California Atty. Gen. Xavier Becerra says he filed the suit separately instead of joining one already filed by 15 other states because the state and its economy will be especially harmed by the decision. (Sept. 11, 2017) CAPTION In a statement Wednesday morning, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson reaffirmed his commitment to President Trump's agenda, addressing what he called "erroneous rumors" in news reports this morning. In a statement Wednesday morning, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson reaffirmed his commitment to President Trump's agenda, addressing what he called "erroneous rumors" in news reports this morning. CAPTION George Clooney and Julianne Moore talk about the importance of art and politics during their visit to the L.A. Times studio at the Toronto International Film Festival. Clooney directed Moore, Matt Damon and Oscar Isaac in the comedy "Suburbicon," which is screening at the festival. Between its comic bits about crimes gone wrong, the film takes a critical look at white privilege in the 1950s America. George Clooney and Julianne Moore talk about the importance of art and politics during their visit to the L.A. Times studio at the Toronto International Film Festival. Clooney directed Moore, Matt Damon and Oscar Isaac in the comedy "Suburbicon," which is screening at the festival. Between its comic bits about crimes gone wrong, the film takes a critical look at white privilege in the 1950s America. CAPTION Mayor Garcetti responds to Trump administration ending DACA program. Mayor Garcetti responds to Trump administration ending DACA program. CAPTION Donald Trump has given wildly divergent statements about the DACA program. Donald Trump has given wildly divergent statements about the DACA program.
joseph.tanfani@latimes.com
: Union minister and LJP president Ramvilas Paswan on Sunday hailed Bihar Chief Minister and JD(U) president Nitish Kumar for leaving "poison" and drinking "nectar" which would take the state to greater heights of development."Nitish Kumar took a commendable decision to leave poison and drink nectar," Paswan told reporters in Patna. The union food minister was referring to Kumar's decision to quit the Grand Alliance of RJD, JD(U) and Congress over the issue of graft and join hands with NDA to form a government in Bihar.Paswan, whose Lok Janshakti Party is a constituent of BJP led NDA, said, "We will make a clean sweep in Bihar in 2019 general election and Lalu Prasad and his associates would draw a blank."With NDA government both at the Centre and Bihar, the pace of development would accelerate, he said. Paswan challenged RJD chief Lalu Prasad to prove his charge that he (Paswan) accumulated wealth worth crores of rupees and said it Prasad could do it, he would take retirement from politics."Except for a house in Patna which was bought out of bank loan when my son Chirag Paswan was acting in films, we have no other home either in Delhi or Patna," he said. "The piece of land purchased out of Legislator quota in Patna is lying idle and my bank account does not have more than Rs 5-7 lakh," he said.Paswan said it was actually Prasad and his family members who are facing allegations of accumulating benami properties.
Bangkok, Thailand: (SBNATION) The largest global sports media property in Asian history, ONE Championship™ (ONE), has just announced the main event for ONE: IRON WILL, set for 24 March at the Impact Arena in Bangkok, Thailand. Reigning ONE Bantamweight World Champion Bibiano “The Flash” Fernandes of Brazil will defend his title against ONE Featherweight & Lightweight World Champion Martin “The Situ-Asian” Nguyen of Sydney, Australia.
Chatri Sityodtong, Chairman and CEO of ONE Championship, stated: “I am super excited to announce another huge world title bout as reigning ONE Bantamweight World Champion Bibiano Fernandes will face two-division ONE Featherweight & Lightweight World Champion Martin Nguyen at ONE: IRON WILL. It's a tremendous matchup, and one that the whole world wants to see. I have no doubt that these two warriors will be putting on a great show for everyone watching live in Bangkok.”
28-year-old Martin “The Situ-Asian” Nguyen is one of the most highly-regarded martial arts champions in the world. With an impressive 10-1 professional record, which includes three submissions and seven knockouts, Nguyen's all-around skill set allows him to perform at the highest level of competition. All of Nguyen's wins have come by exciting finish. In his most recent bout, Nguyen scored a scintillating knockout victory over the Philippines' Eduard Folayang to become the first man in the history of ONE Championship to hold two titles simultaneously in two different weight divisions. Nguyen now reigns as the ONE Featherweight & Lightweight World Champion, and this March in Bangkok, he attempts to make history once again. Nguyen is scheduled to face ONE Bantamweight World Champion, Bibiano “The Flash” Fernandes in his next bid for greatness.
37-year-old Bibiano “The Flash” Fernandes of Brazil is the reigning ONE Bantamweight World Champion, and widely considered one of the best martial artists in the world regardless of promotion. He made his ONE Championship debut back in 2012 and captured the bantamweight world title in 2013. Since then, Fernandes has remained unbeaten inside the ONE Championship cage, showcasing tremendous striking and grappling ability, and an unwavering will to win. In his most recent bout, Fernandes made quick work of top contender Andrew Leone, submitting the American with a rear-naked choke in the very first round. In his next title defense, Fernandes is set to face two-division ONE Championship titleholder, Martin Nguyen.
Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night.
Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than 29 million people, raising the risk of powerful tornadoes, damaging winds and hail the size of tennis balls.
READ MORE: 5 dead after tornado, flooding hits central US
Cities in northern Alabama reported power outages, and the National Weather Service in Huntsville reported at least three confirmed tornadoes in the area.
In Limestone County, an Alabama county on the Tennessee border, the sheriff's office posted photos online of houses with roofs ripped off and outbuildings torn from their foundations. Several roads were closed because of power lines or trees, the office tweeted. But it had no reports of injuries from the storms.
The athletic director at Jacksonville State University said late Monday there was significant damage to the campus.
READ MORE: In the eye of the tornado': ‘snow twister' blows through wintry Okanagan landscape
“I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed,” Greg Seitz said in a tweet.
Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward.
Tons of possible tornado damage on W Lacon Rd over to Hwy 55. Many trees and power lines down. @spann @NWSBirmingham #alwx pic.twitter.com/Btr3Xkj7v0 — Chris Jackson (@ChrisJacksonSC) March 19, 2018
Forecasters said the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7.5 centimetres) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (115 kph).
“The potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility,” Alabama state meteorologist Jim Stefkovic said at a news conference.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. The storms are the first severe weather to threaten the state this year.
School systems from central Tennessee as far south as Birmingham, Alabama, let out early, hoping students and staff would have time to get home before the storms moved through.
The threatened storms come one day before the official start of spring, and are “by far the most impressive setup we've seen so far this year,” said Kurt Weber, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Huntsville, Alabama.
“We can't rule out a strong tornado east of Interstate 65 at this point with all the ingredients coming together,” Weber added. “Hopefully not, but definitely a possibility.”
He said golf ball to tennis ball-sized hail, which can do serious damage to buildings and cars, was possible.
“This is one of those days you want to put the car in the garage if you can,” Weber said.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabamians to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
“We are not taking the situation lightly,” Ivey said. “Severe weather is unpredictable and that is why it is paramount we prepare ahead of time.”
The University of Alabama suspended operations Monday from 6:30 p.m. to midnight, meaning classes and campus activities were cancelled, libraries closed and shelters were opened on campus.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's government is in favour of banning imports of petroleum coke to curb air pollution, according to a government affidavit filed with its top court, which could be a big blow to U.S. refiners who export heavily to the country. FILE PHOTO: Vehicles drive through heavy smog in Delhi, India, November 8, 2017. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton/File photoThe Supreme Court, which in October banned the use of petroleum coke in and around New Delhi in a bid to clean the air in one of the world's most polluted cities, on Monday deferred a scheduled hearing on a case on its use across the country to Wednesday. India is the world's biggest consumer of petroleum coke, better known as petcoke, which is a dark solid carbon material that emits 11 percent more greenhouse gases than coal, according to the Carnegie–Tsinghua Center for Global Policy. Burning it also emits several times more sulphur dioxide, which causes lung diseases and acid rain. Local producers include Indian Oil Corp, Reliance Industries and Bharat Petroleum Corp. The oil ministry has also told the Supreme Court that petcoke should only be used as feedstock, like in the cement industry, and not as fuel. A country-wide import ban would require replacing 14 million tonnes of petcoke a year with 24 million to 31 million tonnes of coal, according to industry calculations, most of which would have to be imported.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Thousands of Greek workers went on strike on Wednesday to protest against years of belt-tightening and a new wave austerity measures that will kick in after the country's third international bailout expires this summer.
Some flights were grounded, ships were unable to sail and public transport was disrupted in the one-day nationwide action organised by Greece's largest labour unions, the private sector GSEE and its public sector counterpart ADEDY.
More than 10,000 striking workers, youths and pensioners marched to parliament around noon (1000 GMT), most of them waving flags of the Communist-affiliated group PAME. They held banners reading “No!” and “They have crushed our lives!”
“They (politicians) have devoured us,” shouted Yannis Vlachos, a municipal worker from the southern Peloponnesian city of Sparta, pointing his finger at parliament.
Since its debt crisis began eight years ago, Greece has received 260 billion euros ($302 billion) in bailout loans in exchange for implementing austerity measures such as public sector layoffs, tax hikes and pension cuts.
“The government, which implements the same policies that have destroyed the people and the economy, is loading the back of workers and pensioners with new unbearable measures,” GSEE said in a statement.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Greece's largest carrier Aegean (AGNr.AT) and Olympic Air cancelled three return flights and rescheduled 50 one-way flights, due to a three-hour stoppage by air traffic controllers. Buses and trolleybuses were operating on reduced hours.
State TV and private TV stations aired documentaries instead of news bulletins, as journalists also walked out.
Despite public opposition, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras in 2015 signed up to Greece's current international bailout, which is due to expire in August.
Tsipras' leftist-led government last year caved into lenders' demands for more pension cuts and tax hikes in 2019 and 2020, but has promised to reinstate collective bargaining and increase the minimum wage in the post-bailout period. But workers warned of more protests.
“It will be a new bailout which will be named something else,” Grigoris Vafiadis, a culture ministry worker, said. “These blows against the poor ... must end now.”
($1 = 0.8607 euros)
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of – The top U.S. military officer is warning during a trip to Seoul that the United States is ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities to defend itself and its allies from North Korea.
A spokesman says Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford also told his South Korean counterparts Monday that the North's missiles and nukes threaten the world.
Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, is also meeting with South Korean President Moon Jae-in. He will then travel to Japan and China.
READ MORE: Kim Jong-Un or Donald Trump – who might pull the trigger first?
The trip follows a week in which President Donald Trump waged a war of words with North Korea, declaring the U.S. military “locked and loaded.”
North Korea, meanwhile, has threatened to lob four intermediate-range missiles into the waters near the U.S. territory of Guam.
The ongoing tour of South Africa has been a learning curve for the young Indian side all the way so far. They stumbled over a couple of hurdles in the initial stages of the tour which resulted in the Test series falling out of their grasp. However, the Virat Kohli-led team managed to get back on their feet and pull off a couple of impressive performances, justifying their status as a top quality side across formats.
While India's hard-fought win in the third Test of the series in Johannesburg – where they put up admirable performances on one of the toughest pitches witnessed in recent times – will perhaps remain a talking point long after the tour gets over, their domination of the first one-dayer at Durban saw them go one step ahead, and outplay the Proteas in all three departments to stroll to a six-wicket victory.
The Kingsmead win was memorable for a number of reasons. It was a game that was initially set up by wrist spinners Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal, both of whom repaid the team management's faith that had been put into their selections. It brought to a screeching halt South Africa's 17-match winning streak in ODIs played on home soil, a run that stretched back to the five-match series against England in 2016. The win was also India's first against South Africa at Kingsmead, where they had previously played a total of seven games.
However, one of the more important takeaways for the Indians from the match would have been captain Kohli slamming his 33rd ODI ton, Ajinkya Rahane riding on a wave of confidence to produce a fluent innings worth 79 runs, and the two top guns producing yet another noteworthy stand, one that in this case turned a competitive chase into a walk in the park.
The going hasn't been easy for either batsman in this tour. Kohli, for all his credentials as the best across formats among the current lot, had been under a lot of flak for his failures with the bat in the first two Tests, with his critics using terms such as 'flat-track bully' and adjectives such as 'overrated' quite freely.
Even a diligent 153 at Centurion, one that should've kept his doubters at bay, was forgotten over India's surrender of the trophy. While he topped the run-scoring charts in the Test series, he needed a solid, match-winning knock to reassert himself as a force to be reckoned with, and it finally arrived on Thursday.
Test vice-captain Rahane did not have the best of runs in 2017. Despite scoring four half-centuries as an opener in the ODI series against Australia, he was dropped in the subsequent series against New Zealand as Shikhar Dhawan returned to the top of the order alongside Rohit Sharma.
The New Zealand snub was followed by a horror run in the Sri Lanka Test series at home — in which he reached double figures just once in the entire series. That was bound to bring him down the pecking order as far as the middle-order slot in the Test side was concerned, and despite his overseas credentials, Rahane lost his place to Rohit for the first two Tests in South Africa.
If his gritty 48 in the second innings of the Wanderers Test — at a time when the pitch was at its deadliest — was anything to go by, it was that the Mumbai batsman had finally found his rhythm after a lean patch back home. His 79 in his latest outing at Durban was a hallmark of his patience as well as his intent at the crease. Rahane perhaps wanted to send out a message very clearly to the team think tank — that he was of worth in the Indian middle-order in coloured clothing as well, and that he shouldn't be treated as a reserve opener alone.
It also brought back into the discussion the understanding that is shared between Kohli and Rahane at the crease, one that has led to many a massive partnership, especially in Test cricket. With Rohit and Dhawan back in the dressing room with 67 on board in the Durban ODI, it required Kohli and Rahane to handle the situation with maturity in order to ease the nerves in the Indian camp.
Rahane, in this case, was happy to let Kohli get the quick runs on the board while he played the anchor's role from the other end. That was until he charged down the track against Imran Tahir at the start of the 32nd over, and launched the leg-spinner towards the mid-wicket boundary to collect his first six, and effectively break free from his patient approach. The six off Rahane's bat, as well as the flurry of boundaries that followed, helped tilt the balance of the game in India's favour, with the Proteas playing catch-up for the remainder of the match.
The two seasoned individuals exhibited another masterclass at the art of handling pressure and constructing a chase, although it was a shame neither stuck around till the very end to hit the winning runs, the honour of which went to decorated finisher MS Dhoni.
Kohli and Rahane are quite the pair in the Test arena. When asked about his favourite batting partners in the widely-watched episode of Breakfast with Champions, Rahane, or 'Jinx' as he chose to refer to him, was the name that came to Kohli's mind when it came to the red-ball format. Given the heaps of runs that the two have scored together over the years, it hardly comes as a surprise.
The two might not quite have the legacy of a Dhoni-Yuvraj Singh, or a Sachin Tendulkar-Sourav Ganguly yet, but the two surely are well on their way towards finding themselves in that elite list down the road. The pair already have accumulated nearly 4,000 runs together across formats for India, with as many as 10 century partnerships to their credit. The fact that they average more than 50 in both Tests (58.83) and ODIs (54.17) lends further credibility to that statement. Who can forget the resistance they showed at the MCG back in the 2014-15 season, or the run-fest that was the 365-run stand at Indore against New Zealand in the 2016 home season?
While they have earned their fame as a Test batting pair, the current dynamics of Indian cricket unfortunately doesn't quite get the pair together in white-ball cricket. However, Rahane is getting into his stride once again in ODIs, this time at a position that he certainly wasn't considered a contender for in recent months.
With the fine half-century in Durban, he has given the selectors a solid reason to back him at that role for the coming months, especially since the current series might be seen as one of the first exercises towards building India's core as well as finding the right combinations in the long build-up to the 2019 World Cup.
Should he get the kind of backing for the middle-order as someone like Rohit did for the most part in his career, who knows, maybe we will see 'Cheeku' and 'Jinx' churn out match-winning stands in the shorter formats a lot more regularly after all.
Another family has come forward to detail the lack of services available to those who have autism in Nova Scotia. Cuen Eng was admitted to the IWKâ€™s Garron Centre two years ago and he says hearing the story of Callum Sutherland shows nothing has changed since he was there.
Youth is evermore in our grasp — almost literally.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently approved Restylane Lyft, a hyaluronic acid filler traditionally used in the face for use in hands. Another filler, Radiesse, which is made from calcium hydroxylapatite, has also been approved for both hands and face.
WATCH BELOW: Anti-Aging Secret
For the uninitiated, hyaluronic acid and calcium hydroxylapatite injections are used to fill in wrinkles and sculpt the contours of the face, resulting in a more youthful appearance. The former is a natural substance found in the body, while the latter is biosynthetically produced and doesn't use animal products, thus reducing the risk of an allergic reaction.
“Hand rejuvenation is one of those things that people do because they're already improving their face and they want to keep the full picture of youthfulness, which includes hands,” says Dr. Ben Barankin, dermatologist and medical director of the Toronto Dermatology Centre. “If you look at a person's face [who's getting injections] and think they're ageing nicely, but then look at their hands, it can throw it off.”
Like the rest of our bodies, the backs of our hands can betray our age when they lose volume and get thin-skinned, showing more bones, tendons and veins. Sun and liver spots are also a clear indicator of the passage of time, which dermatologists can also address with topical creams and laser treatments.
Barankin says that although the FDA approval is nice, the fact is that dermatologists have been using hyaluronic acid fillers and Radiesse, in particular, on hands for nearly a decade. And it's not a big deal.
READ MORE: People are piercing their finger instead of wearing an engagement ring and it has experts concerned
“Getting formal approval from the FDA means you have to submit enough data to show that the [drug] both works and is safe, and that's a major submission that requires millions of dollars, hiring lawyers and takes a lot of time and effort.”
But that's not to say that doctors use these products off-label willy-nilly. They're already aware that they're safe to use and where they can use them, and in fact, they don't actually require FDA (or Health Canada) approval. This recent stamp really only serves to give the product marketing credibility, he says.
To achieve the hands of your youth, a dermatologist would inject the product in three different areas and then spread or mould it around the back of the hand, avoiding the fingers. The aim is to cover the veins, tendons and bones so that there's more fullness to mask the age-revealing features.
The pain factor isn't as high as some other injectable treatments (like lip fillers, for example), although it also depends on which product is being used.
“In general, Radiesse is a little more painful than the others because it doesn't traditionally come with anaesthetic built in. It's also a thicker product that has to be injected with more pressure, which can make it sting a bit more,” Barankin says.
READ MORE: The wild and expensive ingredients used in luxury beauty products
There isn't a lot of downtime associated with the treatment, and aside from some possible swelling for two to three days, and some possible bruising, it's fairly low-key as aesthetic procedures go. The results can last for up to a year.
“A common scenario is patients who come in requesting the treatment just before their child's wedding, a special anniversary with their spouse, or a high school reunion,” he says.
“But it's not a big part of the marketplace. The face is priority number one, then comes the neck and finally the hands. Most people get it done only if they find they have a little bit of money left over after doing their face.”
As India prepares to mark 70 years of independence which was marked by a violent and bloody Partition, here's a look at some of the numbers behind the defining event:The number of years the British ruled in India, first through the East India Company and then the Crown. The Company, however, had managed trading posts in India for more than a century before assuming more official control after 1757.The population across British India — including modern-day Pakistan and Bangladesh — at the time of Partition in 1947.The number of days British judge Cyril Radcliffe was given to draw the new boundaries that would divide the subcontinent into India and Pakistan.The length of new borders between India and Pakistan created by Partition. More than 1,609 km overland separated West and East Pakistan (now Bangladesh).The number of times British Prime Minister Clement Attlee and Lord Louis Mountbatten, Britain's final Viceroy, uttered the word "Pakistan" when publicly announcing plans for the Partition of India on June 3, 1947.Hours after India declared independence on August 15 before British troops began sailing for home. Their withdrawal was completed the following February.The widely-held estimate of the number of people killed in the brutal violence that followed Partition. Some estimates put the toll at double this figure.Women and girls raped or abducted by both sides during the violence of Partition.The number who migrated, often by foot, during Partition — Hindus and Sikhs to India, and Muslims to Pakistan.The number of refugees walking in a single column from modern-day Pakistan to India.The number of miles covered by "refugee specials" — trains carrying evacuees between India and Pakistan — on the north-western line alone in 1947.The number of wars fought between India and Pakistan since independence in 1947.
TORONTO – A Toronto writer's tweet relating her sexual harassment at the hands of an employer has sparked an online outpouring of similar stories, a discussion she says is the first step in tackling a culture in which such abuses are pervasive.
Anne T. Donahue put out a call for such stories on Twitter in light of sexual harassment allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, which were published Thursday in The New York Times. Among them are accusations that he sexually harassed actresses, including Ashley Judd, and former employees.
Weinstein has said he is taking a leave of absence from his company and acknowledged he has behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a “vendetta” against him. The Times has said it is confident in the accuracy of its reporting.
READ MORE: Harvey Weinstein accused of sexually harassing women for decades
“Reading that Harvey Weinstein piece, it was familiar and exhausting in that I think many of us have come to recognize patterns of abuse of power, whether in our own lives or in the lives of friends and family or even in government,” Donahue said.
Donahue, a culture writer, said she decided to share her story – she was a 17-year-old co-op student at a radio station when her boss insisted on massaging her shoulders – in case it could reassure even one other person who went through something similar that they weren't to blame.
Over roughly 24 hours, her tweet was shared close to 2,500 times and drew almost as many online responses, many of them from others disclosing their own experiences of sexual harassment.
Some mentioned incidents dating back to high school or earlier, others described being cornered by coworkers or bosses. Not all the stories were from women.
READ MORE: Harvey Weinstein responds to sexual harassment claims, plans to take legal action
Donahue, 32, said she wasn't surprised by the volume of replies, but rather by their sincerity. Though there were a few dissidents, the tone was overwhelmingly supportive, she said.
Having men talk about the harassment they have endured was also important, she said, noting that sexual violence affects all genders.
“This was sincere, firsthand experiences and it immediately created a space in which people began to feel comfortable sharing,” she said.
“Sharing can be very scary and you're in a very vulnerable position and that shouldn't be taken lightly,” she said. “This is what reclamation of power looks like, to an extent. It's one step in about a thousand before we obliterate rape culture. But it's an important step.”
Still, Donahue stressed there is no shame in holding back.
“You can be just as powerful and create just as much change by just reading and acknowledging,” she said.
BAHAWALPUR- A gangster in police custody was shot dead allegedly by ‘accomplices' during a shootout with police here on Wednesday. Hasilpur Saddr police drove the suspect, Mumtaz of Mauza Choodia, for the recovery of arms. Near Chak 193/M, his accomplices riding two motorcycles opened fire on the police party to get Mumtaz released from police custody. The police fired back in retaliation. During the crossfire, Mumtaz was shot dead by firing of his accomplices. They fled away the scene under the cover of darkness. Police registered a case against the fleeing accused and formed teams for their arrest. Police shifted the dead body to Bahawal Victoria Hospital for post-mortem.
The dead dacoit was wanted in different cases of heinous crime like robbery, murder and robbery-cum-murder, police said.
Boards and executive teams cannot sweep issues under the rug, treating them like fads.
Gone are the days when annual general meeting season—the time of year when executives and directors of publicly traded companies gather to report on their activities, accounts, and plans to shareholders—went by unnoticed. Ever since the 2012 “Shareholder Spring”, shareholders have stopped acting as passive recipients of companies' reports or obedient rubber-stampers of their plans and pay packages, and started actively questioning board decisions, airing grievances, and submitting proposals for change. This shift is long overdue, and it will transform how business operates, whether companies like it or not.
Over the years, the number of issues that attendees have taken up during annual general meetings has grown exponentially. In fact, as several large-scale investors have told me, there are so many issues in need of attention that it can be difficult to prioritize them. Still, some issues have taken on particular prominence.
This year, the issue that was raised most frequently was executive pay. What stands out is that discussion of the issue was based not just on a sense of unfairness arising from extreme pay disparities and an apparent lack of regard for performance, but also on hard evidence, including a clearer understanding about how pay packages and bonuses work. This raises the likelihood that current grievances will result in real change.
For example, shareholders at British satellite telecommunications company Inmarsat voted against its remuneration report, underscoring the divide between executive compensation and company performance. Likewise, remuneration policies were rejected by nearly 36% of shareholders at Unilever and 34% at AIG. Large investors at the Anglo-Australian miner Rio Tinto also balked at its remuneration report.
Of course, this trend is far from universal. Shareholders at Tesla approved what corporate governance experts have called the “staggering” pay package of the company's billionaire founder, Elon Musk, whose “Trump-like ability to get people to believe in him and his preposterous promises,” as one commentator put it, has propelled the company's share price to sky-high levels at the same moment that its bonds are trading at junk bond levels. Nonetheless, the shareholder pushback represents a step forward, and the fact that the compensation issue is now being discussed not only in business media, but also in general outlets, magnifies the activists' impact.
While executive pay got the most attention this year, investors and the public are deeply concerned about several other issues as well. Some are better known than others, but all will require urgent attention in the coming months, if boards are to avoid major upheaval at next year's annual general meetings.
For starters, resistance to allowing chief executive officers (CEOs) also to serve as board chairs is intensifying. At Tesla, investors are being urged to keep Musk only in his role as CEO, while bringing in an independent board chair. Mark Zuckerberg's dual role at Facebook also seems to be subject to increasing opposition.
Second, companies are facing intensifying pressure to improve their handling of sexual harassment accusations. In the #MeToo era, when victims feel increasingly empowered to report the harassment and assault that they experience, the extent of the problem—and the inadequacy of existing mechanisms for responding to it—is becoming starkly apparent.
Afrinic, the body responsible for allocating internet network addresses across Africa, is in virtual free-fall after allegations against its chairman resulted in the board's disintegration. The Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein has now been arrested on charges of sexual assault, and the company he founded has collapsed.
The ride-hailing companies Uber and Lyft—following Microsoft's lead—have taken a step forward, scrapping mandatory arbitration to settle harassment claims and giving victims more options, including public lawsuits. But demands for more comprehensive changes are likely to grow louder.
Another issue that is taking on a new sense of urgency is the relationship between business and politics, with companies facing criticism for their political entanglements. In particular, the pharmaceutical giant Novartis has found itself under the microscope in two countries.
In Greece, Novartis is accused of bribing 10 politicians. In the US, the company not only spent $8.8 million lobbying US lawmakers in 2017; it also paid $1.2 million to President Donald Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, for guidance on how the Trump administration would approach healthcare policy issues.
Even if these actions are not explicitly illegal, they raise serious ethical—and reputational—questions, for which companies are increasingly being called to account. The same is true of decisions taken in numerous other areas, from environmental policies to working conditions, which are also becoming subject to growing scrutiny.
All of these are real and well-founded concerns that will not go away any time soon. Boards and executive teams cannot sweep them under the rug, treating them like passing fads. The best bet for business is to get ahead of these issues, taking real, timely action to address them as soon as possible. Otherwise, future annual general meetings will only become tenser. ©2018/PROJECT SYNDICATE
Lucy P. Marcus is CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
Dick's Sporting Goods in Vestal, New York.
File photo
If the gun crowd is avoiding Dick's Sporting Goods because of its newly enacted corporate policies restricting some sales, it isn't showing in the bottom line.
First-quarter earnings and sales were higher, defying the predictions of gun rights advocates who said the company would lose significant business from its decision to ban sales of assault-style weapons and enacting a policy requiring gun buyers to be at least 21 years old. The company also hired a Washington, D.C., lobbyist to push for a federal assault weapons ban.
Dick's rankled the National Rifle Association.
The NRA's Institute for Legislative Action has been especially critical of Dick's moves, especially the hiring of the lobbyists.
"It's entirely possible that the chain realizes it has irrevocably damaged its image among the pro-freedom community, especially with those who take part in outdoor activities," it wrote on its website earlier this month. It went on to say "Dick's new lobbying venture is likely meant to fully embrace anti-gun advocacy at all levels and through whatever means necessary."
Based on the results, Dick's shares surged Wednesday, up 27% to $38.75 in afternoon trading.
Even Chief Executive Ed Stack was unsure in February how the new policies would affect sales, but warned that some buyers could avoid the store for outdoor and other equipment in the wake of its widely publicized action following the school shootings in Parkland, Florida.
In comments on an earnings conference call, Stack said benefits outweighed the drawbacks. Indeed, hunting sales declined at the stores, but other shoppers who are supporters of the policy have become customers.
"There's definitely been some benefits from people who have joined us because of the policy," Stack said.
Net income in the first quarter was up 3 percent on a 5 percent increase in sales, the company reported on Wednesday.
"Our strong first-quarter earnings reflect improved execution against our merchandising strategy, which results in higher merchandise margins," Stack said in a prepared release. "Product newness, strength in our private brands and a more refined assortment led to a much healthier business, with fewer promotions and cleaner inventory throughout the quarter."
More: With 'moral courage,' Starbucks workers take part in emotional training to avoid racial bias
More: Fiat Chrysler warns 4.8M Jeep, Dodge, Chrysler and Ram owners to not use cruise control
More: Saks Fifth Avenue bets 'magic mirrors,' face workouts to beat Sephora and Ulta
The better results come even as others predicted Dick's, which started as a single store on Binghamton's East Side in 1948, would continue to suffer under pressure from online retailing behemoth Amazon.
The company said online sales increased by 24 percent in the first quarter as it recently realigned its online strategy, bringing the operation in-house after dispatching that segment to a third party for several years. In the first quarter, online sales accounted for 11 percent of overall sales, mainly in footwear and apparel, up from 9 percent a year ago.
First-quarter net income was $60.1 million, 59 cents a share, on sales of $1.9 billion, compared with net income of $58.2 million, 52 cents a share, on sales of $1.8 billion for the same period one year ago.
Same-store sales — sales at stores open for more than a year and a key measure of retailing health — fell by 2.5% compared to the same period one year ago.
The results topped Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 12 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 42 cents per share.
The company opened eight new stores in the first quarter, compared to not a single new store opening in the fourth quarter and 25 new stores in the first quarter of 2017. The Pittsburgh-based company now was 724 stores operating under the Dick's brand and 129 stores operating under the Field & Stream and Golf Galaxy brands, with total retail space of 42.1 million square feet.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
Follow Jeff Platsky on Twitter @JeffPlatsky
Dick's Distribution Center Grand Opening in Conklin Chairman and CEO Edward Stack speaks at the grand opening. 01 / 19 Chairman and CEO Edward Stacks speaks at the grand opening. 01 / 19
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Mark Hamill and Daisy Ridley step out at the "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" premiere at L.A.'s Shrine Auditorium on Saturday.
Given the early raves director Rian Johnson's “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” received at its premiere Saturday in Los Angeles, some fans may have been looking to see if the film would receive any love in the Golden Globes nominations.
Alas, the latest installment in the “Star Wars” saga, in theaters Friday, was not screened for the Hollywood Press Assn. in time for it to be in contention for this year's awards.
Because the most recent films in the franchise are traditionally kept under wraps until shortly before they're released during the mid-December window, qualifying in time for Globes consideration has been something of an afterthought. (Dec. 4 was this year's official consideration cut-off date.)
The Walt Disney Co. also held back showing 2015's “The Force Awakens” and last year's “Rogue One” for the HFPA, rendering those films similarly ineligible for consideration. (“Last Jedi” will, however, be eligible for Oscar consideration. “Force Awakens” received five Oscar nominations and “Rogue One” earned two.)
While smaller films can get a potential box office boost from a Globes nod, Disney and Lucasfilm clearly believe that, when it comes to “Star Wars,” the franchise has ample Force on its own, thanks very much.
Practical advice for the coming nuclear war
Posted on August 14, 2017 by Fred Allebach
I had hoped that a childhood filled with nuclear fear, and duck and cover drills was long over. Later, in the early 1980s, Gorbachev was my man, glasnost, perestroika; he ended the Cold War with great gestures of sanity. Boy that felt like a relief! Now it seems our fate is in the hands of two narcissistic, egotistical, insane madmen threatening nuclear war, one of whom happens to be the president of the United States. A nuclear checklist is in order.
Larbre, Friedman's, Costco, Safeway, Napa Auto Parts, please give me a little kick back for the increased business…
If you have a well, call Larbre and get your well checked out and see if you can put it on dual power, with ability to run it separately by a generator. Do it fast; get the permits later. What if Trump gets his knickers in a twist and calls for a strike? The generator only needs to be big enough to run the well pump, and to charge cordless tools, and run corded power tools. You don't need a huge generator. Don't use the generator to run the house lights or refrigerator, too much gas, not necessary.
Learn exactly how to run the generator and the system you have. Have some spare gasoline on hand to run the generator, maybe 15 or 20 gallons, stored in five-gallon gas cans. Put gasoline stabilizer in the gas so it doesn't lose its volatility.
If you don't have a well, stockpile water in five gallon containers, and try to get with people who have wells and generators.
If you use gas to drive, that will use up energy resources necessary to get water from the well etc. Don't go to the mountains; stay in town, band together. Save driving for absolute necessity. Banding together is the appropriate strategy, not hoarding and going it alone. Hoarders will eventually run out and then they will need help, better to share. A nuclear holocaust could be just the shock we need to move toward a more equitable society. Have mercy on the greedy, they may come around and find inner resources they didn't know they had.
Consider a solar charging set-up, with marine battery storage, for 12 volt lights, and to charge laptops, etc. You can get this set-up at an RV supply store. This if there is enough sunlight to power solar systems and we don't get into any nuclear winter, although nuclear winter could help us meet our climate 2050 goals.
In the event society collapses and there are no utilities, only use the generator to run the well and fill up water. Have maybe 50 gallons of water capacity to store in five gallon cans; or fill the pool if you have one, and then draw water from the pool. The chlorine will evaporate out in seven days. Keep pool covered from nuclear fallout. Wear a hat!
This will be survival for the long haul, like the miners in South America; resources will have to be meted out in a conservative way.
Get some regular bleach, not extra strength or scented, and an eye dropper. Use one drop of bleach per quart to treat water, if your water source is suspect. Hygiene will be very important, diarrhea and resulting dehydration may kill a lot of people. Don't get water from creeks, as it may have fallout.
Stock up on OTC meds, other personal meds and First Aid supplies. Get iodine and take a bunch of that, it will prevent thyroid cancer caused by radioactive iodine poisoning.
Get five rolls of 1.5” Scotch brand regular blue tape, and an assortment of different size rolls of plastic, clear, black thick mil and thin mil plastic. You could use this to tape off windows from nuclear fallout, or for a shelter, many uses. Get coils of parachute cord, rope, and string etc., for multi-purpose use as well.
Get a bunch of Zip Loc bags, and other plastic bags: garbage bags, trash bags, contractor bags; these will come in handy for many things, gathering walnuts for example. But, what should we do when all material good are contaminated? We'll have to surrender to that, no escape, have the grace to accept the things we cannot change…
Have a set of regular tools: screw drivers, pliers, hammer, staple gun, cordless drill, cordless sawz-all, cordless power saw. Cordless tools should all that take the same rechargeable battery type. Get a standard shovel, steel rake, ax, bow saws, and hand saws.
Municipal utility systems may not be working: water, gas, electric… it will all be like going camping and hiking. Be prepared to take care of toilet needs by digging a latrine. Or, get some five gallon buckets, with lids, line with a garbage bag, and poo poo in there until it's full, no seat will be necessary. Then seal off the bag, dispose, and start again. Use lime, and leaves etc. to cover the smell. You won't want to use your meager gasoline supplies to run the generator just to flush the toilet and run the septic pumps. Oh, and get some extra toilet paper, and when you run out, be prepared to use rocks and sticks like cave men did.
Get headlamps from REI and spare AAA batteries from Costco to run them. This can be your main source of light at night. Get one battery-powered table light, one that for example takes 4 D-cell batteries. Get plenty of spare batteries, and make sure they are fresh. Choose the latest expiration date possible from the stock available. Get some candles. Get three 5-packs of Bic lighters. The control of fire was one of our ancestor's first great moves, don't get caught without the ability to make fire! Wood is the paleo-energy source we all know how to deal with. With nuclear winter upon us, who cares about spare the air days?!
Make or buy fire starters. Home-made fire starters: get cardboard egg cartons and fill them with drier lint. Double boil blocks of paraffin wax in a # 10 can and soak the eggs carton spaces with melted wax; let dry. You only need @ 1/8 of one of these egg carton units to start dry wood, so, for example, three or four egg cartons worth of fire starters can last a good while. Only use fire for heat and functional stuff, not recreation. One home-made egg carton unit fire starter can start wet driftwood. This is good stuff. Cavemen would not believe it.
Get three five-gallon propane tanks at Wal-Mart and fill them at the Shell station on Broadway. Get a two-burner portable propane stove with hose attachment for the tanks at REI. Your regular kitchen utensils should be fine. If the nuclear fallout is heavy, you may have to risk some carbon monoxide to cook indoors with no windows open. Disable the carbon monoxide detector to relieve stress if it goes off.
Stockpile food: get a plastic olive oil barrel or two at Friedman's, and fill with food that doesn't have to be cooked, or that cooks fast. Fast cooking food saves fuel. For example, angel hair pasta cooks fast. Instant mashed potatoes, Lipton quick dinners, cous cous, etc., these are all good to bulk up on while saving fuel. One advantage here is that now you can afford to eat all the bad stuff you want. Get dried bacon at Costco, get salted cashews, high cholesterol will no longer matter. Go for it! Dehydrated food that takes a long time to cook is not good, unless you use your bad neighbor's house for a wood source and cook on an open fire. Keep nutrition in mind: vitamins, fiber, canned veggie and fruit, Krave jerky, do like Mom said and get foods of all different colors.
Keep all these supplies in a corner of your garage where you can get at it, not under a crawl space where rats can eat it. Rats will chew right through your plastic containers if they smell food. (Rats may be on the upswing with nuclear war, buy stock now.) You don't want to have dig stuff all out when you need it most. Ease of use is important. The whole garage may be needed as a nuclear staging area.
Good attitude, a can-do attitude with an appropriate amount of swagger is the best skill. All else falls into place from that. You can have all the stuff but if you don't have the moxie to use it properly, what's the point? As mentioned, banding together will be the best strategy. This nuclear war will be a low point from which the only way to go is up.
Keep musical instruments available for entertainment. Feed the musicians, poets and performance artists when they come around. Feed your handymen and empathetic do-gooders. Share your stockpile. Community good will, can trump every dog for himself. Everyone finds a place where they can help out. Count on your own abilities. Forgive and forget old animosities.
If government can't get us affordable housing now without a nuclear holocaust, what makes you think government will save you with nukes all around? Don't count on government. Maybe you will be helped by a Latino that you previously wanted to deport… and your opinion on Trump's executive orders will change.
Consider getting two sawed-off, nine-shot shot guns (the Terminator had one), and a few pistols with magazines with a lot of shots, and plenty of extra ammo, in case push comes to shove. That way you can shoot many shots in succession. Unscrupulous people will come for your stuff and resources, so if you stockpile, prepare, and get ready, it is reasonable to defend what you have. Why get ready and then have marauders take your stuff? At least have a few machetes, knives, spears, pepper spray etc.
What will all the folks in Richmond do in a nuclear holocaust? They who have nothing to start with, and who have been ground under the wheel of exploitive capitalism. Well, they will come up here and see what's cookin' for dinner.
No, disregard those last two paragraphs, that type of thinking is what led to the nuclear holocaust in the first place, craziness, selfishness, not sharing resources… When push comes to shove, all are going to die anyway; it's just a question of whether it will be sooner or later. Be like the good folks on the Titanic when they helped women and kids, and when they kept playing in the band even as the ship went down. Invite the strangers in, start a new era of compassion.
Do your best and keep your morals and values up to the very end, those are the things that make life worth living under any circumstance. It's a shame that the world needs to be destroyed by crazy men to find a silver lining of goodness, but let's get ready to do the right thing when the nukes hit the fan.
And remember, “those who gain experience while retaining a firm grip on a beginner's state of mind become long-term survivors.” Quote by Laurence Gonzales, from his book Deep Survival: Who Lives, Who Dies and Why.
As a landmark year for London stock market listings of property investment firms is drawing to a close, the latest batch are beset by cancellations and delays.
There have been nine initial public offerings from real estate investment trusts, which invest in property and pay out at least 90% of their income as dividends, on London's main market and AIM in 2017. That makes it the busiest year for listings since UK property companies were first allowed to structure themselves as REITs back in 2007, according to data firm Dealogic....
PANAJI, India (Reuters) - India's Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) will launch the country's first gold options contract in September allowing even smaller players in the bullion industry an instrument to hedge their risk, a senior company official told Reuters.
"Somewhere around end September we will launch gold options. We have already conducted mock drills," Murgank Paranjape, managing director of MCX, said on the sidelines of a conference.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has approved the options contract, he said.
"For years the market has been waiting for options. This will give many small jewellers an opportunity to hedge their risk without worrying about daily volatility," said Prithviraj Kothari, managing director of RiddiSiddhi Bullions Ltd.
India is the world's second-biggest buyer of gold, typically importing around 800 tonnes a year, with the metal being used in everything from investment to religious donations and wedding gifts.
In June, India's markets regulator allowed hedge funds registered as category III Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) to invest in commodity derivatives as clients, opening up the market to institutional investors for the first time.
Harmony Hedge Fund has started trading on the MCX platform and another 35 hedge funds have approached the exchange for admission, Paranjape said.
Gold options and entry of hedge funds will increase the exchange's turnover in the next fiscal year, Paranjape said.
MCX's total income fell 7.1 percent from a year ago to 872.4 million rupees in the June quarter.
Chantè Moore is back and brining some new music to us. The song “One Love,” is all about falling for someone and not wanting anyone else. This new single has a fun beat and even features Lewis Sky, who blends so well with her voice.
Follow @TheRSMS
One of the lines, “After you there is no one else,” just tells the story of never leaving the love you found. This song will leave the fans wanting more from her. Tell us what you think of the new song from Chantè Moore.
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” 6am ET.
RELATED: Chante Moore Accused Of Financing Album With Dirty Money
RELATED: Snoop Dogg Feat. Rance Allen “Blessing Me Again” [NEW MUSIC VIDEO]
RELATED: Drake “Nice For What” [NEW MUSIC VIDEO]
The Latest:
New Delhi: When the human resource development ministry announced the result of the second edition of the National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF), the first thing that was discussed and written about was—the number one institution and those among the top 10 list in overall and individual segments. This is the official ranking of India's vast higher education system by the Central government.
But beyond name calling, the national rankings underscore two big issues about India's education system—one, how the ranking exercise has failed to garner enough support; two, it amplifies inequality in India's education system.
In the 2017 rankings, only 2,995 institutions participated. India has 39,000 colleges, 11,000 stand-alone institutions and over 760 universities—cumulatively around 51,000-strong higher educational institutions. Of all these, less than 3,000 participated—that's just about 6% of the overall pool.
Whether it's due to lack of awareness, non-eligibility for not completing a specified number of years, lack of documentation or simply the fear of falling behind, the overall scenario shows that higher education needs a huge leg-up—both from the government and individual private promoters.
But the bigger problem is inequality.
Of the 100 best institutions in the overall rankings, 67 are from just eight states, including Delhi, depicting the regional imbalance in terms of the presence of top educational institutions in the country. Of the remaining, Tamil Nadu has 20 institutions, followed by Maharashtra with nine. This shows that the remaining 23 states and six Union territories do not have quality institutions.
Universities
The inequality is not just evident among overall top institutions. Even classifications among institutions show a similar picture. For example, among best 100 universities, 40 are in three states and 60 are in six states. Like overall rankings, here too, the names of the states are familiar—with Tamil Nadu having 24 of the best 100 universities in the country, and Maharashtra, Karnataka and Delhi filling in for the rest.
This unequal distribution of quality institutions does contribute to some extent to inward migration to these states in general and cut-off marks for selection in these institutions touching 100% or near the perfect score, especially in particular subjects.
For example, in 2015, Delhi University became a talking point when College of Vocational Studies and Indraprastha College for Women had 100% cut-off marks for their computer science programme for general category students. Similarly, Shri Ram College of Commerce, one of the best in India, announced its cut-off at 98.25% for Economics (Honours) and 97.37% for B.Com (Honours) in the same year. In 2016, Ramjas College of Delhi University put out its first cut-off requiring the highest score of 99.25% for admission into B.Com (Honours). Come June, the situation most probably will be similar this year too.
Colleges
Like universities, the inequality is evident at the college-level too. Among the best 100 colleges in India, Tamil Nadu again has 37, Delhi has 11 and Kerala 14. To put this in perspective, 77 colleges of the top 100 are from just five states and Union territories.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said that the the United States is in talks with Turkey regarding Syria's Manbij, Anadolu Agency reported Friday evening.
Mattis also added that it was not the right time to discuss the matter publicly. He said that speaking about Manbij publicly "could make the situation more difficult, in terms of domestic audiences that have got to deal with their [countries'] own understandable positions."
"It's how do you balance the competing interests. I can just tell you it's an active discussion right now with our ally, Turkey," he added.
While Turkey seeks to expand its ongoing Operation Olive Branch to clear terrorists off of its borders, U.S. General Joseph Votel previously said that the United States would not withdraw troops from Syria's People's Protection Units (YPG)-held town of Manbij.
Turkish officials have consistently noted that Operation Olive Branch will continue into Manbij and have criticized the U.S. for not keeping its promises, in terms of the pledge given by the U.S. that local councils would run the cities after they were liberated, but the PYD/PKK took control in northern Syria.
Previously, the U.S. administration under former President Barack Obama had promised Turkey that the YPG terrorists would move east of the Euphrates. However, despite warnings from Ankara, the promises were not kept, and the YPG did not move east of the Euphrates.
The YPG's ultimate aim is to establish an autonomous region in northern Syria by connecting the northwestern Afrin canton to the Kobani and Jazeera cantons in the northeast, which is considered a "terror corridor" by the Turkish government.
As a result of the broken promises by the U.S., Turkey also shifted its position and vowed to clear all terrorists from northern Syria, including Manbij and the eastern parts of the Euphrates.
Operation Olive Branch was launched on Jan. 20 to clear YPG terrorists that have been harassing Turkey's borders for a long time.
North Carolina:
The fifth special session of the year is coming. They say they will repeal the original HB2 I don't think their word is worth anything.
Officer K – a blade runner working out of LAPD – finishes an assignment and sets off a chain reaction that could be world altering.
Blade Runner opens with Officer K (Ryan Gosling) locating a protein farmer named Sapper Morton (Dave Bautista). Things don't go well and, after a fight he really shouldn't have been able to win, K ‘retires' Morton.
Noticing a flower (which should never have existed outdoors) near a dead tree, he has drone scan the site. It finds a box buried almost thirty feet down.
When he returns to the precinct, we learn something unexpected about K – and shortly thereafter, we learn that his discovery at Morton's farm could trigger a war.
The mystery box, it turns out, isn't the only mystery here. Events transpire to create doubts and speculation in K's mind.
At the same time, he's being urged by his boss, Lt. Joshi (Robin Wright), to retire another, significant replicant.
In his search for himself, he encounters several different people – the tech mogul Niander Wallace (Jared Leto), a tech genius who took over the bankrupt Tyrell corporation and used Tyrell's replicant technology as a base to create a replicant that would obey a human and not try to harm one even at the cost of its own life; and Luv (Sylvia Hoeks), Wallace's right-hand person/replicant and occasional hitperson (Hoeks holds the screen every time she appears); Dr. Ana Stelline (Carla Juri), a specialist who builds memory implants for replicants; and, eventually, Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford).
The script, by Hampton Fancher (Blade Runner) and Michael Green (Logan), is as deliberate and elegantly dark as its predecessor – with characters who could be slotted into a Philip Marlowe or Sam Spade film. Even K's unusual girlfriend, Joi (Ana de Armas) is a 21st century take on the lead female in a pulp novel.
Director Denis Villeneuve (Arrival, Sicario) captures the basic tone of the original while taking it further – there are more monolithic buildings, more rain, more smog, more lost souls.
While Blade Runner 2049 has its bursts of action – excellently deployed, too – it's more concerned with mood, tone and character. It's more concerned with life in 2049.
There are, of course, references that provide unexpected delights – K's visit to Gaff (Edward James Olmos) in a senior' home yields an origami sheep; there's a reflection of a Han Solo line, and a few other moments that pay homage to Blade Runner and Star Wars while adding glimpses into characters.
Blade Runner 2049 is not the action flick that the TV spots make it out to be – it's considerably more thoughtful and provocative than that (though the violence and action, when they come) can be very powerful.
With Blade Runner 2049, Denis Villeneuve solidifies his reputation for making thoughtful, powerful films.
Final Grade: A
Like this: Like Loading...
Peterborough Panthers continued their SGB Championship winning streak last night (October 6) - in a speedway meeting that had it all.
It was certainly a long night at the East of England Arena as a 50-43 success against Workington took two-and-a-half hours to complete.
Ulrich Ostergaard.
There were hold-ups and cock-ups along the way, but there was also some terrific action in a largely meaningless, but very entertaining, SGB Championship contest.
Two major delays (one for a whole gaggle of grown men to attempt to knot the starting tapes back into shape; the other when a Tom Bacon crash demolished much of the first-bend air fence) were largely responsible for the contest going right up to (or perhaps even slightly past) the 10pm cut-off time.
There were also countless re-runs - one due to that aforementioned spill, another after visiting rider Ty Proctor was excluded for going onto the centre green (an act followed by a stomp up to the referee's box to remonstrate), two more because of tapes offences and others basically down to the fact that trainee referee Seth Perkin seemed particularly fussy).
As if that lot wasn't enough, there was also a five-lap race to finish a meeting in which Panthers led from start to finish – eventually securing victory when captain Ulrich Ostergaard took the flag in a heat 14 4-2.
Simon Lambert.
The Danish ace sat on a four-ride paid maximum at that point, but then brought up the rear in the finale as last season's Panthers number one, Craig Cook, claimed his third win of the night to inspire a 4-2 for Workington. They needed a 5-1 to nick a consolation league point.
The night began with an apt, and possibly optimistic, airing of Gloria Gaynor classic ‘I Will Survive' on the rider parade ahead of the opening heat.
Panthers began impressively with four 4-2s in the opening four races – the first two of which were won by reserve Simon Lambert.
Top-scorer Chris Harris and Ostergaard also bagged wins during that impressive sequence with the latter also coming home in front in a shared third heat.
Panthers upped the ante further when Jack Holder and Bradley Wilson-Dean combined for a 5-1 in a sixth heat re-run after Proctor went into the tapes at the start of the initial staging.
Proctor was seen in a considerably better light when cashing in the Comets' tactical ride in heat eight. His victory, combined with a third place for James Sarjeant, earned the visitors a 7-2 that cut their arrears to seven points.
Proctor was soon in the spotlight again when riding onto the infield to take his place at the start of heat nine.
And, after quite correctly being excluded, he headed up through the crowd to the referee's box where Perkin was working under the guidance of Tony Steele.
Given his disappointment in the heat of the moment, Proctor was remarkably calm and composed as he pleaded his case, which was based around a pits marshal assuring him the start marshal would lift the tapes to allow him through as he approached from the wrong way. That didn't happen.
The jeers of plenty of supporters then tested Proctor's mood further before he trudged back to the pits while contemplating another 15-metre handicap at the start of the re-run.
Proctor actually rode very well to finish on the tails of Panthers pair Paul Starke and Ostergaard, but not close enough to prevent them claiming a 5-1.
However, two 4-2s in the space of three races dragged Workington back into contention a second time, while current British champion Cook twice beat three-time predecessor Harris in shared heats 11 and 13.
But the double-figures Panthers duo of Ostergaard and Lambert combined to seal victory in the penultimate contest before Cook capped a classy individual showing with a third win of the night in the finale.
The result maintained Panthers' hopes of snatching fifth place in the standings. They'll also need to beat Edinburgh in their still-to-be-arranged final league meeting while hoping Redcar fail to take a point from two remaining away outings.
Panthers' next meeting will be a KO Cup semi-final with the home leg being staged on either October 13 or October 15.
Who they face, and when they welcome them to Alwalton, should become clear on Monday when Newcastle host Glasgow in the second leg of a quarter-final. The Scottish side lead 46-44 after last night's first leg.
SCORES
PANTHERS: Chris Harris 12, Ulrich Ostergaard 11+1, Simon Lambert 10+1, Jack Holder 6+1, Paul Starke 6, Bradley Wilson-Dean 3+1, Tom Bacon 2.
WORKINGTON: Craig Cook 13, Ty Proctor 11, Mason Campton 7+1, Matt Williamson 6+1, James Sarjeant 6, Tom Woolley (guest) 0, Rider replacement for Thomas Jorgensen.
HEATS
1 - re-run Lambert (60.7), Cook, Wilson-Dean, Sarjeant. 4-2, 4-2.
2 - re-run Lambert (60.6), Sarjeant, Bacon, Woolley. 4-2, 8-4.
3 - Ostergaard (60.8), Williamson, Campton, Starke. 3-3, 11-7.
4 - re-run Harris (60.1), Proctor, Bacon, Woolley. 4-2, 15-9.
5 - Ostergaard (60.3), Cook, Starke, Campton. 4-2, 19-11.
6 - re-run Holder (61.6), Wilson-Dean, Proctor (15m), Woolley. 5-1, 24-12.
7 - re-run Harris (60.1), Campton, Williamson, Bacon. 3-3, 27-15.
8 - Proctor (t/r, 62.2), Lambert, Sarjeant, Wilson-Dean. 2-7, 29-22.
9 - re-run Starke (62.1), Ostergaard, Proctor (15m), Sarjeant. 5-1, 34-23.
10 -re-run Williamson (62.6), Holder, Campton, Wilson-Dean. 2-4, 36-27.
11 - Cook (62.2), Harris, Lambert, Williamson. 3-3, 39-30.
12 - Campton (62.5), Starke, Sarjeant, Bacon. 2-4, 41-34.
13 - Cook (61.8), Harris, Holder, Proctor. 3-3, 44-37.
14 - re-run Ostergaard (62.7), Sarjeant, Lambert, Williamson. 4-2, 48-39.
15 - Cook (awarded), Harris, Proctor, Ostergaard. 2-4, 50-43.
: Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire four times along the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch, Rajouri and Baramulla districts of Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday, injuring three Army jawans, officials said.According to Army sources, the Pakistani troops opened indiscriminate fire at Indian positions at Baaz Post in Uri in Baramulla district at around 4 pm.Three soldiers suffered bullet injuries in the firing and were admitted to the 92 Base Hospital of the Army in Srinagar, they said.Pakistani troops also violated the ceasefire agreement thrice in Rajouri and Poonch districts. However, there was no casualty in these violations."Pakistani Army has resorted to firing and shelling along the LoC in Nowshera sector of Rajouri district," a senior district official said.Four areas along the LoC -- Kalal, Khori, Manpur and Ganiah -- were targeted by the Pakistani troops this evening, he said.In the morning, the Pakistan Army initiated indiscriminate firing of small arms, automatics and mortars in the Krishnagati sector of Poonch district.The firing in the Krishnagati sector began around 6 am and the Indian troops retaliated effectively, a defence spokesman said, adding that the exchange of fire stopped around 12.30 pm.. (There was also a brief ceasefire violation by the Pakistani troops along the LoC in Mankote sector of Poonch district this morning, a police officer said.Poonch district has recorded five instances of ceasefire violation by Pakistan since Saturday.Yesterday, a junior commissioned officer (JCO) of the Indian Army and a civilian woman were killed in separate cases of ceasefire violation by Pakistan in Poonch.Naib Sudebar Jagram Singh Tomar (42), a resident of Madhya Pradesh, was killed in firing by the Pakistani troops in the Krishnagati sector, while 40-year-old woman Raqia Bi was killed when mortar shells fired from across the border exploded near her house in Gohlad Kalran village.On August 8, Sepoy Pawan Singh Sugra (21) lost his life in unprovoked Pakistani firing in the Krishnagati sector. Till August 1 this year, there have been 285 instances of ceasefire violation by the Pakistani forces.In 2016, the number was significantly less at 228.
I would like to appeal to the ruling elites of Balochistan to do something for the establishment of a cancer hospital as many precious lives are lost due to the unavailability of the treatment centres.
More than half of the population of Balochistan is well below the poverty line that is why they find no source for proper treatment.
I also want to appeal to the print and electronic media to raise awareness about this issue on a priority basis to get the attention of ruling elites.
UBAID ZEHRI,
Khuzdar, January 24.
1 /6
Nachiket Barve doesn't do things by half measures. So it stands to reason that his premier venture on the bridal circuit would assume mythical proportions—via the famed Greek goddesses Athena, Aphrodite and Artemis, who hold credit for inspiring his debut festive collection, titled ‘Theia'.
What does the Woolmark recruit have in store at the upcoming edition of Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2017? For starters, traditional aari embroidery will be juxtaposed with Greek typography, the revered olive wreath is reimagined with zardosi, and Roman goddess Juno's peacock will serve as a motif on voluminous lehengas. In between fittings and the usual chaos that precedes a show, we picked his brain on his grand festive debut.
What inspired you to take the label in this new direction?
I've spent years working with beautiful techniques and textiles, adapting traditional forms of embellishments for a modern audience. Clients have been consciously asking me why I'm not doing traditional wear, which prodded me to think what sort of festive wear I would want to do. Without a doubt, the Nachiket Barve bride is someone who is confident and individualistic and that's the spirit that I've tried to capture in my new offering, Theia.
Some would argue that you've already proven your festive chops with the stunning bridal lehenga that you created for your wife in 2013…
[laughs] I've been inundated with requests from people who saw the lehenga I made for my wife. When I decided to finally take the plunge, I was very clear about two things: First, I'm obsessed with making clothes comfortable for women. Yes, there is something for the traditional bride, but there is also something for the bride who wants to get married on the beach and dance the night away. Despite all the embellishments, I've strived to make the garments lightweight and fuss-free. Second, I was adamant that my take on festive wear shouldn't just consume closet space. I don't want my clothes to languish in the back of storage trunks and wardrobes.
How would you advise women to get the most out of your festive offering?
This collection has been directed at real women. They are the ones I see celebrating and regaling in these clothes, which is why I've strived to maximise the versatility of my creations. Take for instance, the Greek typography blouse which comes with a lehenga. It can be easily worn again with palazzos for a cocktail night later.
What can we hope to see on the ramp at Lakmé Fashion Week?
When I was trying to imagine what a Nachiket Barve bride would look like, [I focused on] the idea that women want to look, and feel, like a goddess on their wedding day. I looked to Greek and Roman mythology, and tried to reimagine those elements in the festive space. You'll find exquisite threadwork, stacked sequins, appliqué and cutwork. Filigree from old Roman textiles has been interpreted as aari embroidery, while the olive wreath serves as the leitmotif in intricate zardosi.
How has your time at the International Woolmark Prize shaped the designer that you are today?
When you appear on a global platform, it immediately makes you up your game. Whether it is traditional embroidery or prints, it has to challenge the existing parameters and egg you on to create something that hasn't been done before. The Woolmark Prize really helped me stretch my boundaries as a designer.
Nachiket Barve will debut his collection Theia at Lakmé Fashion Week winter/festive 2017 on August 19 at 5:30pm
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Stories can be found in various places — in libraries, performance spaces, hidden rooms of old buildings, the crowded parts of a new city, and even the most deserted corners of the world.
Sometimes, they can also be found in wooden boxes akin to cupboards with multiple doors, each of which depicts a different scene. Opening one door leads to the next, until you reach the very heart of the story. The protagonists of these stories are characters from mythology and local folklore, and this form of storytelling is called Kaavad.
A single performance of this art form is evidence enough for why it gained popularity half a century ago; it is performed in a sing-song manner, and it is open to interpretation both in terms of the words uttered and the paintings on the wooden box, which is also called a Kaavad. But this box isn't merely a prop — it is considered a shrine by those who practice this art and those who are its patrons.
Akhshay Gandhi, a theatre artiste from Bengaluru, explains that this oral tradition originated in Rajasthan nearly 400 years ago as a ritual. Kaavadiyas or storytellers would visit patron families and use the Kaavad to tell stories which drew from mythology (the Mahabharata, the Ramayana and Puranas), then turned to local folklore, and finally to the lineage of the family or clan itself. "The practitioners were primarily genealogists; they maintained records of family trees and histories, and instead of telling these details as facts, they presented it as a story. Through this melange of genealogy and storytelling, wisdom was also imparted, and patrons were able to discover minutiae about their own families," he says.
There seem to be two different stories about the origin of the word 'kaavad'. The first is that the Rajasthani word for door is 'kivaad', which is an integral part of the wooden box used. The second is that a group of people called the Kaavads, who were genealogists from Uttar Pradesh, travelled to Rajasthan and practised the same profession, only that their work become more detailed and stylised. Kaavad is not a profession that people suddenly took up; it was a practice passed down from one generation to the next.
"The beauty of Kaavad lies in the existence of its multiple doors, which contain multiple aspects that are interconnected. It is the shrine that allows the Kaavadiya to tell a story within a story," says Gandhi.
This art form developed primarily as a ritual that members of a family engaged in together. Gandhi says that as the popularity of the ritual gradually reduced, so did the demand for Kaavadiyas. "It is losing importance as a ritual in a world where many rituals are no longer being practised," he says. His own interest in it grew out of the realisation that an entire generation of Rajasthani people — his father and mother — had grown up hearing about Kaavad only as a legend, or rather an outdated practice. This is unsurprising, considering that the artists had begun taking up other professions, because Kaavad baachna was no longer lucrative. "Now, there are very few practitioners. They embark on journeys to tell stories only once or twice a year. It is an art form that is on the verge of being lost out, which is certainly worrying. What do we do to save it, is the question," he explains.
Part of the reason why Kaavad remains obscure and largely unknown is because it is practised only in Marwadi or Rajasthani. This language barrier, combined with the fact that it has existed thus far in the context of a ritual rather than a standalone art form has made it less accessible, Gandhi opines. The content too might have a role to play. "Because the performance partly deals with the lineage of one specific family, it may not appeal to a wide audience, especially considering the kind of entertainment market that exists today," he says.
His interest in the art form sent him on a journey to discover the artists who practice it. It took him very long to find practitioners, and the one he finally managed to meet and speak to — Khojaramji — kept his identity a secret. "People in his village were not aware of the fact that he was a Kaavadiya. But this need to withhold one's identity may be specific only to Khojaramji," says Gandhi.
In the process of this investigation, he realised that while he cannot help sustain Kaavad monetarily, he could raise awareness about it by performing it. "A performing art survives only when there are performers, not just when there is enough information about it. As I began performing, I understood more about the form than I would have as someone who took an academic interest in it and viewed it from a distance. It allowed me to learn things that I perhaps cannot articulate," he explains. Gandhi says that the art form has gone from having value to entire communities to only having value for patrons. "If it regains its communal nature, maybe there is a hope that it will survive," he says.
Through his own rendition of Kaavad, Gandhi has presented the idea that one need not limit the accessibility of an art form by strictly adhering to rules, provided that one retains its essence and spirit. It also allows him to make a point about how a form need not be dictated by its content or the language it is presented in. "Being connected to a larger system of thought definitely lends to it a greater richness, but our attempt is to present it as an art form, and this is definitely a dilemma — should we let it remain as it is, or change it such that more people can consume it? In the process of making it more popular in the market, we may end up diluting its value. We need to strike a balance," he explains.
He uses Hindi in his performances (not the urbane kind, more refined) and draws from sources other than the epics too. One of the doors of his Kaavad was extremely contemporary — a contemplation about today's politics and world leaders. Despite the fast-paced narratives and slightly complex metaphors, people seem to enjoy his performances. This he says is the light at the end of the proverbial tunnel. "I think they can connect to the stories I tell. People now want to know more about the art form, if not begun their own research about it. It will live on in their memory," he says.
Akhshay Gandhi performed Kaavad Katha at Harkat Studios in Mumbai
Coffs Harbour Golf Club pro Matt Allan was thrilled with the signed US Masters gift given to him by long time member Mike Blewitt.
Coffs Harbour Golf Club pro Matt Allan was thrilled with the signed US Masters gift given to him by long time member Mike Blewitt. Brad Greenshields
IT was a farewell comment made in jest that has brought Coffs Harbour Golf Club's head professional Matt Allan a surprise gift he cherishes.
When long-time club member Mike Blewitt played his last round at the club before departing on a bucket list trip to watch the US Masters at Augusta, Allan offered him one sentence.
"I said 'your only job is to get a flag and get it signed' - and I was only kidding,” Allan said.
Well, Blewitt took the comment seriously enough to bring back a flag signed personally for Allan by two-time Masters winner Bernard Langer.
Blewitt said he went to the Masters as a Mercedes customer and one of the guest speakers lined up to speak with the group was the 1985 and 1993 Masters winner.
"I asked the ladies at the Mercedes centre where we were, 'Do you think he'd sign something?' because you're not allowed to get them to sign anything inside the Augusta property,” Blewitt recalled.
"They said 'he's very friendly, I'm sure he will'.”
Two time winner of the US Masters Bernard Langer signs a famed Augusta flag for Mike and Helen Blewitt. Jensen Larson/Mercedes-Benz
Racing back to his room to pick up the Masters flags he purchased - one was for himself, naturally - Blewitt was the first to ask Langer if he'd mind signing his autograph a couple of times.
The champ obliged.
Allan said the moment he was presented with the flag in the clubhouse, signed by one of only 16 men to win the prestigious tournament multiple times, he was in shock.
"I was absolutely stoked,” Allan said of the thoughtful gift.
The flag is set to be framed along with a photo of Langer actually signing it, and he will hang it up in the pro-shop at the Coffs Harbour course.
Construction workers discovered the mummified remains while working at the Shiite shrine of Abdul Azim, whose minarets once rose behind Reza Shah's own mausoleum. A digger pulling away dirt and debris uncovered the body, according to the semi-official ISNA news agency.
Reza Shah's grandson, the U.S.-based exiled Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi, already tweeted about it as forensic experts in Iran try to determine whose body they found.
Yet, as disaffection and economic problems grow ahead of the Islamic Revolution's 40th anniversary, mystique around Iran's age of monarchies persists even with its own history of abuses.
The recent find of the gauze-wrapped body — and the speculation it triggered — puts new hurdles in the way of the Islamic Republic's efforts to fully erase the country's dynastic past, which includes the jack-hammered destruction of the autocrat's tomb immediately after the 1979 revolution.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates—A mummified body discovered near the site of a former royal mausoleum in Iran maybe the remains of Reza Shah Pahlavi, the founder of the Pahlavi dynasty and the father of the country's last shah.
Pictures of the body, as well as construction workers posing with it, quickly ricocheted across social media in Iran.
Authorities say they'll need to conduct DNA tests to confirm whose body it is.
A spokesperson for the shrine dismissed the idea of a mummy being found there. However, Hassan Khalilabadi, the head of Tehran City Council's cultural heritage and tourism committee, was quoted by the state-run IRNA news agency on Monday that it's “possible” the mummy is the body of Reza Shah.
State television has yet to report on the find, likely due to complications that mentioning the Pahlavis can entail.
State media typically refer to the Persian dynasties, including the Pahlavis, as “despotic,” focusing on the abuses of the monarchy's feared SAVAK intelligence agency and their once-lavish lifestyles.
Reza Shah's own rise gave birth to modern Iran itself, then still called Persia until he ordered foreign diplomats to cease using the name. He came to power in 1925, ruling as an absolute autocrat who used taxes and the country's burgeoning oil revenues to rapidly modernize the nation.
His decisions echo today, particularly his 1936 decree banning women from wearing long, flowing black robes known as chadors. He ordered men to wear Western clothes and bring their wives to public functions with their hair uncovered, borrowing from the secularization of Turkey's first President Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, a contemporary.
The ban became a source of humiliation for some pious Muslim women in the country. Shiite clerics, angry over his secular beliefs, purges and mass arrests of opponents, held grudges that would foment the coming revolution. Controversies over the chador and hijab persist in Iran today .
Iran's strong trade ties with Germany, Reza Shah's push for neutrality amid the coming of the Second World War and Western fears over its oil supplies falling to the Nazis ultimately sparked a Russian-British invasion of the country in 1941. Reza Shah abdicated in favour of his son, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, at the insistence of the occupying British forces.
Reza Shah ended up in South Africa, dying there in 1944. His body was taken to Cairo, mummified and held for years before returning to Iran. A grand mausoleum near Tehran held his body for years, which then-president Richard Nixon visited in 1972.
After 1979, however, Islamists viewed the mausoleum as an affront.
Iranian cleric Ayatollah Sadegh Khalkhali, who ordered the executions of hundreds after the revolution, led a mob of supporters who used sledgehammers, jack hammers and other tools to demolish the mausoleum.
Khalkhali later would write in his memoirs that he believed the shah's family took Reza Shah's body when they fled the country. The shah's family, however, maintained the body remained in Iran. His son Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was buried in Cairo after dying of cancer in 1980.
Today, Iran's youth remain fascinated by the time before the revolution. Television period pieces have focused on the Pahlavi dynasty, including the recent state TV series The Enigma of the Shah, the most expensive series ever produced to air in the country. While incorporating romances or mobsters into the tales, all shows uniformly criticize the royal court.
Reza Shah's grandson, Reza Pahlavi, has seen his profile rise following the election of U.S. President Donald Trump, who appears to hold the future of the Iran nuclear deal in the balance. From exile, the crown prince has agitated for an end to Iran's theocracy — though gauging national sentiment about restoring the monarchy remains impossible.
Pahlavi took to Twitter on Monday night to tell Iranian officials he is watching what they will do next with the body.
“I warn the responsible authorities not to hide anything,” he wrote.
Toggle between tabs for live scores and ball-by-ball commentary
Report, Day 3: Sri Lanka reached 504-3 at stumps on the third day of the first Test against Bangladesh at the Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury Stadium in Chittagong on Friday.
Kusal Mendis scored 196 runs while Dhananjaya de Silva made 173 runs as Sri Lanka cut the deficit to just nine runs in reply to Bangladesh's first inning total of 513.
Roshen Silva was unbeaten on 87 alongside skipper Dinesh Chandimal, 37 not out, at the end of the third day's play.
Taijul Islam, Mustafizur Rahman and Mehidy Hasan grabbed a wicket each for Bangladesh.
With inputs from AFP
Click here to follow live ICC Under-19 World Cup Finals between India and Australia
London: India's most wanted terrorist Dawood Ibrahim has been linked to a series of properties across Britain, according to a media report on Saturday.
The 62-year-old fugitive mafia boss, wanted in India as the mastermind of the Mumbai bomb blasts in 1993 and accused of crimes such as match-fixing and extortion, accrued a vast property portfolio across the Midlands and south-east in the UK as well as India, the United Arab Emirates, Spain, Morocco, Turkey, Cyprus and Australia, The Times reported.
The newspaper matched details from a dossier prepared by Indian authorities to records held by the UK's Companies House and the Land Registry, as well as the Panama Papers to form a snapshot of the alleged property portfolio.
It is claimed his syndicate, known as D-Company, once smuggled drugs through Pakistan and across Indian borders for shipment to Europe and North America from the ports at Mumbai, as portrayed in a new BBC series McMafia.
Ibrahim, believed to be hiding in Pakistan, is the inspiration behind an Indian underworld don named "Dilly Mahmood" in the eight-part television series, which highlights the misuse of Britain by globally organised crime syndicates.
"Britain features in his (Ibrahim's) criminal world as a place where he can launder money — a classic 'McMafia' tactic. He is thought to have property interests in a variety of southern English counties like Essex and Kent," Misha Glenny, who wrote the non-fiction book McMafia: A Journey Through the Global Criminal Underworld and is an executive producer on the TV series, told the newspaper.
"But we can't know for certain because the government has been dragging its heels in legislating to force transparency of the beneficial owners of companies registered in our overseas territories," she noted.
In an apparent parallel with Ibrahim, Dilly Mahmood is portrayed as an ambitious gangster rising from a modest background to dominate the black market in Mumbai in the series.
Documents seen by this newspaper also allege that on Ibrahim's behalf his right-hand man, Muhammed Iqbal "Mirchi" Memon, accrued a vast property portfolio in the UK which includes hotels, mansions, tower blocks and houses in suburbs in the south-east of England.
Memon, also a suspect in the 1993 Mumbai attacks, had sought refuge in London after the blasts and attempts to extradite him to India had failed.
He was never convicted of any crimes and denied his involvement in Ibrahim's cartel. Memon, who held 11 company directorships in tiling, construction and lettings firms in Britain, died after suffering a heart attack in London in 2013.
Ibrahim, who has an Interpol red notice against him, has been on the UK Treasury sanctions list for years with three recorded addresses in Pakistan.
The gangster's place of birth is recorded as Kher, Ratnagiri, Maharashtra, and his nationality is listed as "Indian" with a recorded Indian passport, which was subsequently revoked by the government of India.
Financial sanctions in force in the UK cover measures such as prohibiting the transfer of funds to a sanctioned country and targeted asset freezes on individuals.
In relation to the alleged properties associated with him in the UK, Ibrahim would now be a likely target for new 'Unexplained Wealth Orders' introduced by the UK government this week.
UK security minister Ben Wallace, who has described the portrayal of crime bosses in McMafia as "very close to the truth", wants the "full force of the government" to bear down on criminals and corrupt politicians using Britain as a playground and haven.
"McMafia is one of those things where you realise that fact is ahead of fiction. It's a really good portrayal of sharp-suited wealthy individuals, but follow the money and it ends up with a young girl getting trafficked for sex," he told The Times in an interview.
"When we get to you, we will come for you, for your assets and we will make the environment that you live in difficult," he warned.
Unexplained wealth orders (UWOs) will require individuals suspected of serious crime or involvement in bribery or corruption to explain the source of property valued at more than 50,000 pounds.
For the first time, the UK law also extends recovery powers to cover "politically exposed persons" from countries outside the European Union (EU).
The UK government estimates that about 90 billion pounds of illegal cash are laundered in Britain every year.
Theresa May is having called a snap General Election for June in a surprise announcement outside 10 Downing Street.
Mrs May had previously said she would not call an election until the end of the current Parliament in 2020. Justifying the decision, she said: "The country is coming together but Westminster is not."
She added: "I have concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and security for years ahead is to hold this election."
It comes as Labour lag heavily behind in the polls.
An Edmonton man's dying wish was not fulfilled and it all boils down to paperwork. As Su-Ling Goh reports, he wanted to donate his body for medical research.
Morgan Freeman's attorney is demanding CNN retract its story accusing the actor of sexual harassment, calling it the fruit of a “year-long witch hunt” against the 80-year-old that has caused damage to his reputation and career.
According to a letter sent Tuesday, reporter Chloe Melas misinterpreted a remark that was not intended for her — a misinterpretation that Warner Bros.' human relations department, which reviewed tape of the interview and chose not to investigate further, found without merit — and used her own experience as the premise for the rest of her reporting with co-author An Phung.
Freeman's team demanded Tuesday that CNN, at the very least, “issue a retraction and apologize to Mr. Freeman through the same channels, and with the same level of attention, that it used to unjustly attack him on May 24.”
When Day Bibb left her abusive relationship it wasn't a choice she made overnight. The life-changing decision was one she reached after much introspection and self evaluation. She came to the realization that her happiness was worth fighting for and she credits yoga with helping her get there.
The feeling of self confidence she now has is something she was determined to share with other survivors of domestic abuse, which is why she started the nonprofit Om Thrive.
Day and her team of instructors go to domestic abuse shelters and offer free yoga classes to women struggling to put their lives back together. They believe that yoga provides more than just exercise and quiet self examination. By offering classes that fit into each woman's schedule, she is offering a chance to experience something they can own; a time of day that is only theirs. Day says this focus on self is something that is often missing from the lives of survivors and is key to coming to the realization that they are valuable and deserve to be happy.
When the participants in the program leave the shelter, Om Thrive has created a network of studios around the city that offer free classes so the survivors can continue their practice. This not only allows the women to continue their journey, but it also provides a built-in network of support in the community.
If you are interested in getting involved, you can find Day at omthrive.org
© 2018 KGW
SANTA CRUZ, Calif. (AP)  Nine men believed to be affiliated with violent gang activity have been arrested in a series of raids by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the Santa Cruz Police Department.
The San Francisco Chronicle reports (http://bit.ly/2kOMJvO ) that the raids conducted early Monday capped a five-year investigation into gang violence in Santa Cruz. The raids targeted members of the MS-13 gang, also known as the Mara Salvatrucha gang.
Santa Cruz Deputy Police Chief Dan Flippo says he believes the department will be able to solve two recent homicides with the arrests made Monday.
Evidence is still being processed in connection to the arrests.
Advertisement
___
Information from: San Francisco Chronicle, http://www.sfgate.com
More than 200 firefighters were battling a blaze that broke out Monday afternoon in Banning.
The fire, which started in the 10000 block of Mias Canyon Road around 3:45 p.m., has burned 150 acres of brush so far, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
No homes were immediately threatened.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Dear Mr. Berko: In November 2016, my stockbroker had me buy 200 shares of Qualcomm at $71.25 for income and growth. It's now $51, and my broker wants me to sell the stock and take a $4,050 loss. He said Qualcomm is being sued by Apple, and he thinks it could really hurt the company. ...
Rich Bosch purchased this 2009 Saturn Aura with 100,000 km (62,137 miles) and after driving it for another 250,000 km (155,342 miles) the six-speed CVT transmission started to have issues. The best solution was to swap it along with the 2.4 L LE5 Ecotec inline-four and interior from a 2009-2010 Aura with fewer miles. Watch as Rich and his team completes the project in a weekend.
Source: Deboss Garage
The ongoing negotiations between Turkey and Japan on the free trade agreement (FTA) have neared the end, as it was reported that the agreement, which will provide significant gains for the two countries' economies, would be completed within this year.
The eighth round of negotiations on the Turkey-Japan FTA, which was launched with an initiative of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan back in 2014, was held in Ankara.
The agreement, which will cover a significant portion of export and import sectors of the two countries, heralds significant gains in terms of the Turkish economy. "With the liberalization of trade, we believe that this agreement covering investments, services and industry will offer very important mutual opportunities for both the Turkish and Japanese business circles," Director General for EU Affairs at the Economy Ministry Murat Yapıcı, also the chief negotiator on behalf of Turkey, said late Thursday at the end of a three-day long negotiation held at the Economy Ministry. Yapıcı also said that Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci will pay a visit to Japan in March to improve contacts further, emphasizing that the agreement will be completed within this year.
Stressing that the Turkish-Japanese friendship would strengthen further economically with the said agreement, Japan's Ambassador to Ankara Akio Miyajima said: "I think that it was a very positive meeting and agreement in terms of trade, investment and tourism. Signing such an agreement with Turkey, which has a dynamic and strong economy, is an important step for Japan in terms of opening beyond the Asian market."
Referring to the importance of the agreement, Miyajima said 44 officials from the relevant ministry and institutions have come to Turkey to attend the negotiations.
When reminded that Turkey's imports were greater than exports in trade with Japan, Keiji Ide, chief negotiator on behalf of Japan, said Japanese companies have major investments in Turkey and that for these investments to be realized imports have to be done, emphasizing that, even though imports were higher, Japanese investments have a major contribution to Turkey's economy and its labor force. Japan would be very happy with an increase in Turkey's exports to Japan, Ide continued. "We think that Turkey's exports to Japan will increase with the signing of the free trade agreement."
New Delhi: After having accepted the RSS invite, former President Pranab Mukherjee should go and tell the Sangh what is wrong with its ideology, former finance minister and senior Congress leader P Chidambaram said on Wednesday.
Chidambaram was speaking at a discussion on "India at 71 — Hits and Misses" after the launch of book "Straight Talk". The senior Congress leader said there is no point debating now on why the former president accepted the invite to be the chief guest at an RSS function in Nagpur.
"Now that he has accepted the invitation, there is no point debating why he did so. The more important thing to say is, 'Sir you have accepted the invitation, please go there and tell them what is wrong with their ideology'," Chidambaram said when asked about Mukherjee accepting the RSS invite.
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said it is a "somewhat stupidish approach" to judge Mukherjee over acceptance of the invitation. "Unless and until you hear what the former president says there, you should not judge him," Singhvi said.
A large number of Congress leaders have criticised the former president for accepting the RSS invitation and have asked him to reconsider "for the sake of secularism". The former president is slated to address the Sangha Shiksha Varga's (SSV) valedictory function at RSS headquarters in Nagpur on 7 June.
That National Health Policy 2017 says government spending on health must reach 2.5% of GDP by 2025. Simple back-of-the-envelope calculations show that to achieve that target, spending would have to grow from the 2016-17 level by nearly 20% year on year. But this year's Central Budget actually sees a minor decline in outlays.The calculations are based on official data presented in this year's Economic Survey It shows that total government spending on health— which includes expenditure on health, family welfare and water & sanitation — by the Centre and states was Rs 2.3 lakh crore. At that level, it was 1.4% of GDP.The GDP of 2016-17 is estimated to be Rs 152.5 lakh crore. If you assume a nominal GDP growth of 12% per annum (say, 7% actual growth plus 5% inflation) from 2016-17 to 2025-26, then the GDP would rise to Rs 423 lakh crore by that year.If 2.5% of that GDP is allocated to health, the combined health budget of Centre and states should be 10.6 lakh crore.To reach this level of allocation, the combined spending on health should grow by about 19%. If GDP growth is faster than the assumed 12%, health expenditure too will have to grow faster, i.e allocation will have to be even higher, to keep pace with it.Of course, this growth rate really applies to the combined spending by both levels of government, but assuming that both sides will need to stick to their part of the bargain, the Centre too would need to maintain this rate of growth in allocations.While the allocation of states on health, water and sanitation in 2018-19 is not yet available, if we combine central allocation for health, water and sanitation in this budget, it has actually decreased by 0.5% from Rs 77,305 crore to Rs 77,024 crore. That's because even as the health budget has gone up, if only by 2.8%, that for water and sanitation has come down.Unless state budgets sharply hike health outlays this year, government health spending as a percentage of GDP will at best remain stuck at around 1.4%, and at worst could dip further. Considering India already has among the lowest ratios in the world, that would be alarming.WHO data shows that there are only about 30 countries, mostly in sub-Saharan Africa and India's neighbourhood that allocate less than India does as a percentage of the GDP. Most developed countries like France, the US, UK and Canada spend about 8% or more of their GDP on health, while Germany spends about 9.5%.Among the BRICS countries, China at 3.2% was closest to India's levels, the rest being significantly higher. Reflecting the impact of low government spending on healthcare, India has among the highest shares of out-ofpocket expenditure by households (65%) in total health expenditure.That figure is as low as 6.8% in France and in most developed countries is in the 11-15% range. Even among the BRICS countries, out-ofpocket spending is low compared to India, ranging from just 7.7% of total health spends in South Africa to 36.4% in Russia.
With the Canucks missing key players, they face the high-flying Jets on Monday night at the end of a quick two-game road trip in Winnipeg (5 p.m., Sportsnet Pacific, Sportsnet 650 AM):
The Big Matchup
Patrik Laine vs. Chris Tanev
The Jets boast four forwards who are already in double-digits in goals, led by Laine's 15. Chris Tanev will face either Laine's line or Blake Wheeler's line. Godspeed.
Five keys to the game
1. Boeser's big back: How big is Brock Boeser's back? The Canucks' super rookie is now clearly their most important player. With no Sven Baertschi and no Bo Horvat, the Canucks' offensive touch is every-diminished.
2. Keeping things tight: The Canucks got munched in shot attempts in the third period Saturday, as the Flames put their foot on the gas and the Canucks struggled to keep up. Calgary scored three goals in the third as they ran the Canucks ragged.
3. Jets' offence is flying high: Winnipeg is tied for fourth in the NHL in goals with 101. Their offence is great. And they've been getting great goaltending from Connor Hellebuyck to boot.
4. Eyeing the playoff chase: Yes, we're still short of the midway mark this season, but the playoff race is already shaping up. The Jets are clearly in the mix to finish in the top three in the Central Division, while the Canucks are sitting on the edge of the playoffs in the Pacific. Between now and the end of the year, the Canucks face a slew of Western Conference foes. Those games could determine their playoff hopes.
5. No Buff: Dustin Byfuglien suffered some sort of lower body injury Saturday. He's touch and go to play. Saturday was a tough night as the Jets finished with just four defencemen as coach Paul Maurice elected to leave Ben Chiarot on the bench after Byfuglien went down injured early in the third period.
Canucks Game Day lines
Nikolay Goldobin, Markus Granlund, Brock Boeser
Daniel Sedin, Henrik Sedin, Loui Eriksson
Nick Dowd, Sam Gagner, Thomas Vanek
Brendan Gaunce, Michael Chaput, Jake Virtanen
Defence pairings
Alex Edler, Chris Tanev
Michael Del Zotto, Derrick Pouliot
Ben Hutton, Troy Stecher
Starting goalie
Jacob Markstrom
Sick bay
Erik Gudbranson (shoulder)
Brandon Sutter (shoulder)
Bo Horvat (foot)
Sven Baertschi (face)
Jets Game Day lines
Kyle Connor, Mark Scheifele, Blake Wheeler
Nikolaj Ehlers, Bryan Little, Patrik Laine
Andrew Copp, Adam Lowry, Brandon Tanev
Mathieu Perreault, Matt Hendricks, Joel Armia
Defence pairings
Josh Morrissey, Jacob Trouba
Dmitry Kulikov, Tyler Myers
Ben Chiarot, Tucker Poolman
Starting goalie
Connor Hellebuyck
Sick bay
Toby Enstrom (lower body)
Dustin Byfuglien (lower body)
Power play
Canucks: 20.9% (8th)
Jets: 20.9% (4th)
Penalty kill
Canucks: 80.2% (18th)
Flyers: 79.1% (22nd)
pjohnston@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/risingaction
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
HOUSTON (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N), the world's largest publicly-traded oil producer, posted a lower-than-expected quarterly profit on Friday due to falling production and weakness in its chemical and refining operations, sending shares down 2.8 percent in premarket trading.
The rare earnings miss from Exxon comes as the company tries to bolster reserves around the world while also cementing its position as one of the largest producers of oil and natural gas in the United States.
Even though oil prices have jumped from last year's lows, helping Exxon's production operations, the company's refining and chemical arms struggled in the quarter, especially outside the United States.
Irving, Texas-based Exxon said earlier this week it would triple its Permian shale production to about 600,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2025, part of a plan to invest $50 billion in the United States thanks to tax reform signed by U.S. President Donald Trump.[nL2N1PP1LV] [nL2N1PO1N4]
“The impact of tax reform on our earnings reflects the magnitude of our historic investment in the U.S. and strengthens our commitment to further grow our business here,” Chief Executive Darren Woods said in a statement.
A logo of Exxon Mobil is displayed on a monitor above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., December 5, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Exxon posted fourth-quarter net income of $8.4 billion, or $1.97 per share, compared to $1.7 billion, or 41 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
The company saw a $5.9-billion non-cash benefit related to recent U.S. tax reform to revalue deferred taxes. Without the tax reform accounting changes, Exxon would have lost money in the United States.
Excluding that tax change and other one-time items, Exxon earned 88 cents per share. By that measure, analysts expected earnings of $1.04 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Production fell 3 percent to 4 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, with the only output gains in the company's portfolio coming from the United States.
Throughput at the company's refineries - a measurement of how much volume they processed - fell 4 percent.
Exxon is slated to hold its annual investor day on March 7 in New York.
Sadly, this is “normal,” but it is not OK:
Food stamp recipients in North Carolina soon will lose benefits unless they prove they're working, volunteering or taking classes for at least 20 hours a week. That federal requirement – which applies to adults under 50 who don't have children – was suspended in 2008 as the recession hit and unemployment rates rose. But the exemption ended Jan. 1 for 23 mostly urban counties across the state, including Wake, Durham and Mecklenburg. While the 77 other counties are seeing a slower economic recovery and could continue the federal exemption, the state legislature acted last year to restore the work and education requirement statewide starting July 1. The change affects 115,000 North Carolinians who will have to document work, volunteer or education activities or lose their food stamp benefits. Recipients can still get up to three months of benefits without meeting the requirement. …
What is the purpose of imposing, or reimposing, such a requirement?
Sen. Norman Sanderson, a Republican from Pamlico County, said the change would push unemployed people on food stamps to look for work. “I think you're going to see a lot of them go and get that 20-hour-a-week job, or they're going to enroll in some sort of higher education to improve their job skills,” he said before the September vote. The legislature also voted separately to increase requirements for unemployment benefits. As of Jan. 3, unemployed people filing new claims must make five “contacts” with prospective employers or they won't receive an unemployment check. The job inquiries can be made online or in person. “Short of telling them, ‘You can sleep all week,' how much more reasonable can it get?” said Rep. Michael Speciale, a New Bern Republican, in August when that bill passed the House.
Ah, I see. We want to make sure that people who are on food stamps and/or unemployment are not just sitting around, not trying to do anything to improve their situation. Well, that's certainly a very important message to convey, so I guess the legislature also provided ways and means to make sure that the people who need to receive this message do so, right? Not so much, it turns out:
Nancy Coston, director of Orange County Social Services, said her staff has to speak with 700 people who are affected there. They have to determine “who's working, who's in school, and we can't tell that without interviewing them all,” she said. “Many of them probably are not aware of this because the waiver has been in effect for a while.”
Well, at least the legislature made the measure a prominent issue when it enacted it, right?
The July 1 change for 77 counties was tucked into an unrelated immigration bill that passed the legislature in September. The changes for food stamp recipients were overshadowed by the outcry from immigration groups concerned about a ban on “sanctuary cities,” where local governments choose not to enforce federal immigration laws. [Rick] Glazier [leader of the liberal advocacy group N.C. Justice Center] said sponsors of the bill probably knew the immigration provisions would distract attention from the food stamp changes. “Those who ran it very much calculated where it was being put,” he said.
I see.
But, certainly, the legislature wouldn't impose harsh or impractical requirements on some of our society's most vulnerable citizens, right? They wouldn't unduly burden the people Jesus calls “the least of these,” would they?
“It's part and parcel of a ripping away of the safety net,” said Rick Glazier … . “The legislature is going to have to revisit these decisions.” While state leaders can't change the requirements for the 23 counties that no longer qualify for a federal exemption, Glazier said it's irresponsible to apply the same standards to the 77 counties that aren't recovering as well. “There's no data that those 77 counties' economic conditions are likely to change,” he said. Alexandra Sirota, director of the Justice Center's Budget and Tax Center, said some people will struggle to meet the requirements because they don't have transportation or might not have volunteer opportunities available in their communities.
Oh, c'mon. How tough could this be? After all, all 100 N.C. counties have excellent public transit, don't they?
Nonprofits, [Sirota] said, “very rarely get a 20-hour-a-week slot for anybody.” And workforce training programs fill quickly. “If they're in a rural place, it's hard for them to drive to the community college,” she said. People who lose food stamp benefits probably will turn to food banks, which expect more demand for emergency food supplies because of the change. Jennifer Caslin, a spokeswoman for the Food Bank of Central and Eastern North Carolina, said the nonprofit already serves food stamp recipients who need additional help. “Our system has been stretched for a while, and this is going to stretch it even more,” she said.
The kindest thing that can be said about this proposal is that it betrays a stunning ignorance of what it's like to be poor and unemployed in North Carolina. But even granting that possibility ignores some pretty damning context. After all, Bill Clinton's welfare reform is now 20 years old. There is, and has been for some time, a ton of information available to policymakers on how well different policies work. Put less charitably, there's no excuse for ignorance.
And after all, if the real goal were to ensure that public dollars are being spent wisely, wouldn't some similar sorts of means testing be applied to other public benefits, particularly those on which much more public money are spent?
Wouldn't government contractors be banned from making political contributions, so as to ensure that the taxpayers enjoy a true arms-length relationship with their vendors?
Wouldn't corporations granted charters by the states be required to operate at least minimally in the public interest — and at the very least be barred from acting against the public interest by, say, bribing politicians or polluting — as they were when corporate charters first became a thing?
If we're going to drug-test welfare recipients, shouldn't we also drug-test the lawmakers who require it?
I'd be all in favor of steps like those.
But the real goal isn't to ensure that public dollars are being spent wisely, just as lawmakers' ignorance of poverty isn't what led to this measure. No, the real issue simply is that conservatives like to punish poor people for being poor. They have a sociopathic need to punch down. They do it, as we say here in the South, out of pure meanness. They have neither empathy nor shame. They need to be called out on it, and they need to be punished at the ballot box for it.
A woman — who cannot be identified because of a publication ban — told a Regina courtroom despite taking Shawn Douglas' cash and bank card the day he was murdered, she was not responsible for his death.
On Wednesday, the witness told the court she saw Douglas outside the Triple 8 on Victoria Avenue in August 2014. She had met him a week ago at a Regina bar.
That evening, she, another woman and Douglas were having drinks at the restaurant. The woman told the court she wanted cocaine. The group decided to leave and headed for a house party on Toronto Street.
During testimony, she told the court she left that house several times to get money from Douglas' bank account. That money would be used to buy cocaine and cigarettes.
READ MORE: Forensic pathologist testifies in Shawn Douglas murder trial
Court later learned she went to withdraw cash from Douglas' bank card a second time. The man she was with would only be identified as “Drummer Boy”. She testified that man held a knife to Douglas to get access to his debit card.
Later that evening, the woman recalled seeing Douglas being punched by a man nicknamed “LJ”. She said she didn't know any of their first names, only by what others called them. She told court a “Dennis” was also at the house, but she didn't get his full name.
On numerous occasions, the Crown asked the woman who she was with that night or if she could describe them. Her answers were often “not sure” or “I don't know”.
When asked by co-Crown prosecutor Derek Maher what she didn't remember, she replied that she did remember but didn't want to say.
“The just wanted his money,” she said, adding they were “being mean.”
After further pressing by the Crown, the witness identified the three accused. Looking over at the prisoner's bench, the witness pointed to Joshua Wilson, identifying him as “Drummer Boy”. She goes on to identify co-accused Johnathon Peepeetch as “LJ” and a man named “Dennis” as Dennis Thompson.
The woman testified she, another woman and at least five men in two vehicles left the house and drove toward a gravel road outside Regina. She recalled Douglas was in the trunk of the car.
She later told the court five men left the vehicles and lead Douglas into the bush. He didn't return with them.
On the way to Saskatoon, she tells court "one of the gentlemen knocked Shawn's brains out", says LJ (Peepeetch) said it. — Christa Dao (@ChristaDao) June 14, 2017
Under cross-examination, Kevin Hill, Joshua Wilson's lawyer asked the witness if it was possible that she was minimizing her role in all of this. He questioned the validity of her testimony, wondering if because she changed her story so many times, she's unable to recall the truth.
Hill pointed to testimony where she admitted to stealing Douglas' money and how she drove the “getaway car” several times, once leaving the rural field where Douglas' body was found, and once to Saskatoon.
“You can't keep your story straight,” Hill said.
The witness admitted to taking his money and driving Douglas' vehicle, but she maintained her innocence and played no role in Douglas' death.
Douglas' body was found on Aug. 9, 2014 in a rural field north east of Regina, near Zehner, Sask.
"The theatrical experience will always be at the heart of our experience — and that heartbeat is strong," Rivkin said at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace. "In the U.S. and Canada, 263 million people went to the movies at least once last year .... That's more than three quarters of the North American population."
By Abby Hassler
Justin Bieber took to social media today (August 14) to announce he will be dropping a new single this Thursday.
Related: Justin Bieber Politely Warns Paparazzi to ‘Stay Clear' of His Moving Vehicle
The “Sorry” singer posted the cover art for the new track “Friends,” which features a collaboration with Bloodpop (aka producer/songwriter Michael Tucker). This announcement comes after Bieber canceled the rest of his Purpose world tour last month.
Check out the post below.
No one was injured after a fire destroyed an RV camper north of Port Hope on Tuesday.
Port Hope firefighters were called to the fire at a home on County Road 10 in the hamlet of Canton, a few kilometres north of Port Hope, at around noon.
READ MORE: Fire ravages Bonter Marine recreational vehicle dealership in Marmora
When crews arrived they discovered heavy smoke billowing from the camper, which was parked in a driveway.
Port Hope FD responded to a camper fire on County Road 10 north of Canton. Firefighters extinguished the fire quickly but there was heavy damage to the camper. pic.twitter.com/YeS6V6aJJI — Pete Fisher (@NT_pfisher) April 24, 2018
Crews quickly extinguished the blaze, but damage to the vehicle was extensive.
Deputy fire chief Reno Levesque ruled the fire as accidental in nature. No other details were provided.
A damage estimate was not available.
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards are in as the 2017-2018 film awards season adds yet another notch to its belt. There were snubs, there were surprises, but nothing about Monday morning's announcement would appear to have significantly altered the course of the circuit. Then again, nothing ever really does; these are just the opinions of a few dozen international journalists who happen to have their own highly rated, liquored-up, televised awards ceremony. Let's dive in and take a look at what all of it actually means …
Star power
The HFPA has long been noted for its love affair with the stars. This year the group found ways to ensure that people like Angelina Jolie (“First They Killed My Father”), Steve Carell (“Battle of the Sexes”), Tom Hanks (“The Post”), Denzel Washington (“Roman J. Israel, Esq.”), Hugh Jackman (“The Greatest Showman”), Mary J. Blige (“Mudbound”), and even Mariah Carey and Nick Jonas (songs from “The Star” and “Ferdinand,” respectively) show up at their awards ceremony.
Minting last-minute contenders
The group seemed to want it clear that the two movies they had more or less exclusively seen by the time voting wrapped — Ridley Scott's “All the Money in the World” and Michael Gracey's “The Greatest Showman” — were theirs to elevate in the awards race this season. Scott's film racked up three nominations after whirlwind reshoots and an under-the-wire screening for the HFPA one week ago, while Gracey's landed three noms, for song and best picture and actor, comedy or musical.
Related Golden Globes Leaderboard: 'Shape of Water,' Fox Searchlight Top List of Nominees Golden Globes Nominations: 'Shape of Water,' 'Big Little Lies' Score Big
The morning's big winners
Fox Searchlight is certainly flying high on the heels of a field-leading seven nominations for Guillermo del Toro's “The Shape of Water” and five for Martin McDonagh's “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” (plus two more for “Battle of the Sexes”). The warm embrace of the season must feel nice after the disastrous turn of events for the distributor's expensive “Birth of a Nation” Sundance acquisition last year. Steven Spielberg's “The Post” wasn't too far behind with six nominations, while “I, Tonya” asserted itself as a serious overall player with a comedy best picture nomination. (It also picked up the expected bids for lead and supporting actress, for Margot Robbie and Allison Janney, respectively.)
The morning's big losers
Amid the debate over whether “Get Out” is really a comedy or not, one undeniable comedy was left on the sidelines. Michael Showalter's “The Big Sick” was passed over in the very two categories where “Get Out” found purchase: the best picture and actor, comedy or musical. Call it a dip in the roller coaster ride after a solid Critics' Choice showing last week. Meanwhile, A24 probably would have no doubt liked more love for “The Florida Project” than a supporting actor bid, but the distributor's other two players, “The Disaster Artist” and “Lady Bird,” picked up the slack with six combined nominations. “Darkest Hour” only managed one mention, for star Gary Oldman (and likely by the skin of his teeth — Oldman has been vocal in his displeasure with the HFPA in the past), while Jake Gyllenhaal continues to struggle in the race, despite excellent work in the critically acclaimed “Stronger.” He would appear to have been clipped by “Roman J. Israel, Esq.” star Washington in the drama actor field this year. Netflix's “The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected)” wasn't a big hit with the group, but even with comedy categories to work with, it turned up a goose egg. Other would-have-been Oscar players that continued to dwindle Monday included “Detroit,” “Film Stars Don't Die in Liverpool,” and “Wonderstruck.”
Other odds and ends
Aaron Sorkin is a favored son with the HFPA, having picked up screenplay nominations consistently over the years for films like “A Few Good Men,” “The American President,” “Charlie Wilson's War.” and “Steve Jobs,” which were ignored by the Academy. He's back this year with “Molly's Game” (and likely good for an Oscar nomination, too, given the incredibly thin adapted race). “Downsizing” star Hong Chau finally made her move, as Paramount seeks to defuse some of the consternation over what many have perceived as a problematic role. After Spirit Awards recognition and now this, Armie Hammer appears to be the supporting player from “Call Me by Your Name” getting the love this season, much to the dismay of Michael Stuhlbarg fans. And the movie few are likely to be discussing because it's more or less doing exactly what has been expected of it is Christopher Nolan's “Dunkirk.” Is that our true best picture frontrunner underneath all the chaos? Time will tell.
Does any of it really matter?
Of course any exposure in the awards season matters. It's all cumulative. “Golden Globe nominee” becomes more artillery for the cause. What happens on the actual night will be more interesting to gauge. After all, the Golden Globes (along with the Critics' Choice Awards) is a broadcast event in the middle of Oscar voting, and Academy voters will be watching. For instance, bearing in mind that we'll never know for sure, many perceived Meryl Streep as a bubble Oscar contender for “Florence Foster Jenkins” last year. Her rousing Cecil B. DeMille Award acceptance speech taking aim at the current presidential administration might well have added some wind to her sails as Academy members sat with ballots in hand. Who knows? It's best to just consider the Golden Globes in their own place, a sometimes unique offering to the season, but mostly just a pit stop on the way to actual industry professionals' collective assessment of the year's best work.
McKayla Maroney is speaking out about the abuse she suffered.
McKayla Maroney is speaking out about the abuse she suffered.
MCKAYLA Maroney recalled being "naked on a bed" while Larry Nassar was laying on top of her and molesting her inside a hotel room in 2011 - an incident the gymnast said she reported to her coach and teammates.
The Olympic gold medallist, who retired from gymnastics in 2016, told US TV network NBC's Dateline she thought she "was going to die" when she was being sexually abused in a Tokyo hotel room in October 2011.
"That was the scariest night," Maroney, 22, said in the interview. "He went, like, overboard that night."
Maroney - who said Nassar abused her "hundreds" of times - recalled initially being in the hotel room with teammates Aly Raisman, Jordyn Wieber, a trainer and Nassar. But they eventually all left, leaving Maroney by herself with the disgraced team doctor.
"(It) was very, very hard for me not to acknowledge the fact that … this was not treatment. I was being abused," the gymnast recalled. "I was bawling, naked on a bed, him on top of me.
"I thought I was going to die. It was escalating."
Maroney said she felt "the dark part" of Nassar take over that night.
"When he was done, I was so happy that I could walk away from that. I felt like I just escaped something," she said.
Aly Raisman (L), Gabby Douglas and McKayla Maroney (R) all accused Larry Nassar of sexual assault.
Maroney said she brought up the incident the next day during a car ride with USA Gymnastics coach John Geddert and other gymnasts and she "said this loud".
Three gymnasts backed Maroney's account to NBC. Aly Raisman, who also won gold at the 2012 Olympics, said her teammate "basically described in graphic detail what Nassar had done to her the night before."
However, Raisman said Geddert "was in the car and just said nothing". This was the moment that hit Maroney hardest.
"That was the moment that I shut it down," Maroney said. "In my head, I was never gonna speak about (Nassar) again. And I was just gonna go along with it."
USA gymnastics denied knowing about the conversation Maroney described. The organisation had said they were unaware about Nassar's abuse until 2015.
Bela and Martha Karolyi, former co-ordinators and coaches for USA Gymnastics, also told the network they didn't know about Nassar's abuse and denied creating an environment for the since-convicted doctor to assault the young gymnasts.
"I feel extremely bad," Martha Karolyi said. "I don't feel responsible, but I feel extremely hurt that these things happened and it happened everywhere but it happened here, also."
Nassar has been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for sex crimes. Maroney was one of more than 140 girls and women, including fellow Olympic gymnasts Raisman, Gabby Douglas and Simone Biles, who have come forward and accused Nassar of abuse.
Maroney said she was speaking out now to let others know there was no action taken even after she told someone about the assault six years ago.
"I'm appalled, I'm disgusted. I'm so upset that this happened for so long when there were so many signs and red flags," she said.
This article originally appeared on Fox News and was republished with permission.
Kentucky's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate for March 2018 was the lowest recorded mark for the state since the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics began providing data in 1976, according to a news release affirmed recently.
The jobless rate was four (4) percent in March, which was down from a revised 4.1 percent rate for February. Kentucky's unemployment rate was 5.2 percent in March 2017.
Kentucky's rate in March was also below the national rate of 4.1 percent. The U.S. jobless rate in April dropped to 3.9 percent while Clinton County unemployment in March this year was about steady at 5.6 percent.
“Kentucky's unemployment continued to improve in March with employers adding 1,200 jobs and (the) unemployment rate declining to four percent,” said Chris Bollinger, director of the University of Kentucky's Center for Business and Economic Research.
“However, as the labor market has tightened, growth in payroll employment has closed somewhat.”
As far as sectors go, Kentucky trade, transportation and utilities added 1,700 jobs in March, accounting for the largest increase. The sector was up 9,900 positions from the previous March, according to the news release.
Construction employment increased by 1,000 jobs from February/March, though the section remains down by 1,600 jobs over the past year.
The financial sector added 300 jobs in March while professional and business services gained 100 positions.
Mining and logging jobs were unchanged for the month, while manufacturing shed 700 jobs in March, according to the news release. The education and health services sector shed 300 jobs in March and is down 800 positions over the past 12 months.
“While health care employment typically shows consistent growth, it has declined in nine of the last 12 months,” Bollinger said. “As a result, health care employment was lower in both February and March than the year before.”
In March, Kentucky's civilian labor force was 2,049,934, an increase of 941 persons compared to February, according to the release.
The number of individuals employed rose 2,915, while the number who were jobless decreased by 1,974.
DEMOCRAT PARTY leader Abhisit Vejjajiva has called on politicians to embrace change in the New Year and revive the public's faith in politicians, as the country approaches the last phase of the “road map to democracy”.
With the first general election after the 2014 coup set to take place this year, the former prime minister said voters would once again have a chance to make their choice. But if they made the same choice, they could not expect a different result, Abhisit said.
Full story: The Nation
By KASAMAKORN CHANWANPEN
Hayden Gare competes in New Zealand's GTRNZ race series driving a 1976 Mini in the GT3 class. The 700 kg (1543 lb) race car is powered by 1.6 L 4A-GE 16v inline-four that makes 350 horsepower at 8,800 rpm on E85 fuel. The engine features a Garrett GT2860RS turbocharger, Kelford cams, CP 12:1 pistons, MRP billet crank girdle, and Link G4 Storm ECU. Power goes to the front wheels through a Toyota C60 six-speed transaxle with a KAZZ close ratio gear set and LSD diff. The Mini rides on a custom Gare Motorsport suspension with CSI adjustable coilovers and stops thanks to Wilwood six-piston front brakes and Honda CBR1000RR rear brakes. The exterior was upgraded with an ABS Motorsport Ultra body kit and grill.
Source: Gare Motorsport and Hayden Gare
Before last year's shooting in Orlando, Fla., left 49 dead, the biggest mass killing of LGBTQ people in America occurred in 1973 when a New Orleans bar, the UpStairs Lounge, was set aflame. Thirty-two people died.
Max Vernon — a young songwriter, performer and creator of musicals — happened upon that largely forgotten history and was developing the musical “The View UpStairs” when Orlando returned the New Orleans incident to the news.
The show opened off-Broadway in February. Now L.A.'s LGBTQ-focused Celebration company has pulled together its own staging at the Lex Theatre in Hollywood.
Though the fateful flames are ignited late in the show, the bulk of the musical is devoted to bringing the UpStairs Lounge gloriously back to life. We attend a church service, view a drag show, listen to singalongs at the piano and get caught in a police raid. The show is a conversation across four decades: one side just beginning, four years after Stonewall, to emerge from the shadows of fear, the other out and proud on every social-media app under the sun.
As viewers take their seats, the lounge is dark and haunted-looking, but when a spectral piano player — in wide lapels and perm — materializes at the keyboard and begins to sing, other ghosts join him. The lights brighten, sharpening the room's details: red, flocked wallpaper; Mardi Gras beads strung in the chandeliers; and above the bar a giant cutout of Burt Reynolds' Cosmopolitan centerfold (set design by Alex Calle).
Into this happy bustle walks a present-day fashion-design aspirant who's looking for a space to turn into an atelier. He takes a couple of snorts of cocaine, making the 1973 patrons visible to him and he to them.
Each character gets a song — a moment to tell his or her story. The insistent melodies sound like today's iTunes charts overlaid with '70s flavors: David Bowie, guitar rock and more. The music makes you want to hear more from Vernon, a Santa Monica-raised, Brooklyn-based 29-year-old — and it's certain that we will; he's also part of the team behind the immersive “KPOP” now off-Broadway.
The present-day time-tripper is portrayed by Matthew Hancock in a whirlwind of fabulousness. His spiritual predecessor among the '70s crowd is a corner-of-the-bar storyteller portrayed by Pip Lilly with more effervescence than a shaken bottle of Champagne. Also among the bar's regulars are Darren Bluestone, soulful and sexy, as a small-town kid who's been on the run since age 14 and Jake Anthony, the piano player, as a guy whose thwarted dreams are quelled only when he slips away from his wife and kids to perform at the bar.
Energy runs high in this staging by Michael A. Shepperd, whose work on “The Boy From Oz” propelled its hit run with Celebration last year.
Michael Mullen's costumes are a kick for anyone who remembers the age of Qiana, flared ankles and leisure suits. Cate Caplin's choreography dials up the adrenaline.
Acoustics is a problem, though. The band — Anthony joined by instrumentalists on guitar, bass and drums — overwhelms the tiny theater and drowns the lyrics. This disrupts the storytelling since Vernon conveys so much information in his 15 songs. To fully appreciate the show you'll want to listen ahead to the cast album of the New York production.
As for the voices: a handful are stellar, the rest serviceable.
By the end of his cocaine encounter, the present-day figure, a prime example of social-media self-centeredness, has learned from his forebears about the value of face-to-face connection and community-building.
“I chose a family of my own / who shared my brand-new point of view,” the piano player sings. “Now you're all gathered 'round / in this kingdom we've found.” It is, he concludes, “some kind of paradise.”
♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
‘The View UpStairs'
Where: The Lex Theatre, 6760 Lexington Ave., L.A.
When: 8 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays; ends Oct. 29
Tickets: $24-$45
Info: (323) 957-1884, www.celebrationtheatre.com
Running time: 1 hour, 40 minutes (no intermission)
CAPTION Tom Petty's last interview. Tom Petty's last interview. CAPTION Tom Petty's last interview. Tom Petty's last interview. CAPTION Musician Tom Petty died Monday after being rushed to the hospital after a cardiac arrest. He was 66. Musician Tom Petty died Monday after being rushed to the hospital after a cardiac arrest. He was 66. CAPTION In "Lucky," a 90-year-old atheist has outlived and out-smoked his contemporaries, and as he comes to terms with his own mortality, he searches for ever-elusive enlightenment. Starring Harry Dean Stanton. Video by Jason H. Neubert. In "Lucky," a 90-year-old atheist has outlived and out-smoked his contemporaries, and as he comes to terms with his own mortality, he searches for ever-elusive enlightenment. Starring Harry Dean Stanton. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION In "Our Souls at Night," two widowed neighbors develop an unexpected relationship in their small Colorado town. Starring Robert Redford and Jane Fonda. Video by Jason H. Neubert. In "Our Souls at Night," two widowed neighbors develop an unexpected relationship in their small Colorado town. Starring Robert Redford and Jane Fonda. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION Lifelong G-Man Mark Felt, aka "Deep Throat," leaks information to the press that helps to uncover the Watergate scandal of 1974 in "Mark Felt: The Man Who Brought Down the White House." Starring Liam Neeson. Video by Jason H. Neubert." Lifelong G-Man Mark Felt, aka "Deep Throat," leaks information to the press that helps to uncover the Watergate scandal of 1974 in "Mark Felt: The Man Who Brought Down the White House." Starring Liam Neeson. Video by Jason H. Neubert."
daryl.miller@latimes.com
Twitter: @darylhmiller
SUPPORT THEATER COVERAGE. SHARE OTHER RECENT STORIES:
The 99-Seat Beat: This week's picks from the small-theater scene
Tom Jacobson, master of puzzles, surprises and brain-teasers
If we can't attend a show without fearing for our lives, we are doomed
Review: Deaf West-Pasadena Playhouse's “Our Town”
Review: A Noise Within's ‘Madwoman of Chaillot'
Review: Echo Theater's ‘Fixed'
Review: Open Fist's ‘Walking to Buchenwald'
Review: Tarell Alvin McCraney's ‘Head of Passes'
The Humane Society of Elmore County, HSEC, received a surprise Wednesday in the form of a $3,000 check from the Central Alabama Community Foundation.
The CACF is celebrating its 30th anniversary, and is in the process of awarding 30 surprise grants to local nonprofit organizations. The HSEC was the 11th organization to receive a grant, and the humane society's Executive Director Rea Cord was surprised with balloons and a check.
The shelter has been open since 1993, housing roughly 5,000 domestic animals per year. Only 25 percent of its funding comes from the government, so it relies on charitable donations and fundraisers to stay in operation.
"CACF would like to congratulate the Humane Society of Elmore County staff and volunteers for being chosen as our eleventh surprise grant recipient," CACF President Burton Ward said. "We thank them for providing crucial services to animals in our community."
Anyone wanting to donate to CACF's surprise grants can do so on the organization's website. For further information contact CACF Development Officer Whitney Griswold Califf at 334-265-6223 or at whitney.griswold@cacfinfo.org.
The Humane Society of Elmore County is accepting donations on their website as well.
Copyright 2017 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
The latest addition to the Nordstrom roster looks nothing like a department store and more like an exclusive boutique crossed with a hipster coffee and juice bar.
At Nordstrom Local, a 3,000-square-foot, ivy-covered shop on Melrose Place in the Beverly Grove neighborhood, customers can meet with a personal stylist, have clothing tailored, get a manicure and sip a beverage laced with caffeine or alcohol.
Just don't try to browse the racks. Because there aren't any.
Shea Jensen, Nordstorm's senior vice president for customer experience, said the new shop, which is much smaller than the chain's average 140,000-square-foot store, is an experiment emphasizing pampered service and convenience.
“What we are trying to do is bring together the best of our most popular services to a place that is very easy for our customers to access as they are shopping with Nordstrom,” she said.
“Time is a precious commodity and we know that our customers appreciate speed and convenience,” Jensen said. “With Nordstrom Local we are trying to create more accessibility and opportunities.”
Christina House / Los Angeles Times The Nordstrom Local store on Melrose Place is a pilot store offering a different, more intimate customer experience. The Nordstrom Local store on Melrose Place is a pilot store offering a different, more intimate customer experience. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times)
Nordstrom's test concept comes as traditional retailers are being battered by the growing popularity of shopping online and at discount mass merchants, which has eroded mall traffic and hurt profit margins.
Wall Street has been chronically disappointed by recent financial reports from the likes of Nordstrom Inc., Macy's Inc., J.C. Penney Co. and other mall merchants.
Some retailers have resorted to bankruptcy protection, including Toys R Us Inc., Payless ShoeSource Inc. and Gymboree Corp. Others have gone out of business, such as Bebe Stores Inc. and Sport Chalet.
Nordstrom, which primarily is found at malls with more expensive stores, has held up better than many other retailers, and members of the Nordstrom family who run the Seattle company have been trying to raise money to take it private. The company operates 121 traditional Nordstrom stores in the U.S. and Canada, 224 Nordstrom Rack discount stores, two Jeffrey boutiques and two clearance stores.
On the same day that Nordstrom Local opened its doors, the company kicked off an opening celebration for its Westfield Century City mall Nordstrom, which was relocated from the Westside Pavilion. Nordstrom is billing the 154,000-square-foot department store as “an updated shopping experience, including new store design concepts and services.”
Time is a precious commodity and we know that our customers appreciate speed and convenience. — Shea Jensen, Nordstrom senior vice president
Christina House / Los Angeles Times Inside a styling suite at Nordstrom Local, a test store where the only clothing racks contain merchandise selected for each customer. Inside a styling suite at Nordstrom Local, a test store where the only clothing racks contain merchandise selected for each customer. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times)
Retail experts say Nordstrom may be on to something by offering a different, more intimate approach at Nordstrom Local. The retailer is borrowing a page from several trendy e-commerce sites that have opened bricks-and-mortar storefronts as showrooms to try on clothing or to connect with their fan base.
“There's a new term for this, which we call ‘retail-tainment,'” said Lisa Haddock, who teaches marketing, brand management and consumer behavior at San Diego State University and the San Diego campus of the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising.
It's designed to be “a fun, unique, personalized experience,” Haddock said. “A customer can have a glass of wine. She can have her nails done. She can relax. You have to have that kind of interaction to engage the customer and reach them on an emotional level.”
Nordstrom Local is designed around a one-stop shopping approach, Jensen said. Customers who have bought items online can pick up their purchases in the store, make sure they fit and get them altered if they don't.
It's also designed to accommodate Nordstrom's Trunk Club, a personalized service offering designer clothing to customers. Space outside has also been made to accommodate curbside pickups.
Christina House / Los Angeles Times The styling area inside Nordstrom Local in the Beverly Grove neighborhood. The styling area inside Nordstrom Local in the Beverly Grove neighborhood. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times)
Stylists meet with clients near dressing rooms with living room-style furniture for family and friends. Some of the spaces can be made even more private by drawing curtains, like fashion emergency rooms.
Although Nordstrom Local lacks the deep inventory of a traditional store, there is a bar stocked with wine, beer, coffee and pressed juice. The Nail Bar offers an array of manicure services, including nail art.
Cory Goldstein, a marriage and family therapist, decided to drop in and get her nails done.
“This whole place is just so cool, one-stop shopping for the millennial in me,” Goldstein, 30, said.
“I think I definitely will be coming back here to buy clothing in the future,” she said. “It can be anticlimactic to shop online and get a delivery at home without the benefit of having someone's opinion of how it looks on you.”
Christina House / Los Angeles Times Cory Goldstein, left, a marriage and family therapist, gets a manicure by Monique Pollard at Nordstrom Local. Cory Goldstein, left, a marriage and family therapist, gets a manicure by Monique Pollard at Nordstrom Local. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times)
Homemaker Jennifer Golfman sat down with a personal stylist for an initial consultation, saying she has had trouble buying clothes online and then having to return them for various reasons.
“As a mom with two young children, as much as I love shopping, I have no time. I have been shopping online a lot and it's hard when you don't know how it's going to look and how it's going to fit,” Golfman said.
Stephanie Chu, a 20-year-old USC accounting student, said she dropped by for some juice after hearing about the store.
“You can stop in and try a bunch of things on that you have seen online without all of the mall crowds,” Chu said. “I don't want the hassle of having to walk through a bunch of stores and a bunch of people.”
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
ron.white@latimes.com
For more business news, follow Ronald D. White on Twitter: @RonWLATimes
Here's the latest booking activity from the Reno County Jail. This information is provided by the Reno County Sheriff's Office and is not criminal history. The Hutch Post assumes no legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, or completeness, of this information. All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. ——————————————
10/06/17 11:05 AM McGee Candice Marie Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone) 10/06/17 11:05 AM McGee Candice Marie Probation Violation 10/06/17 08:12 AM Benitez Eduardo Francisco Failure to Appear 10/05/17 11:53 PM Lovell Derrin Lee Failure to Appear 10/05/17 11:53 PM Lovell Derrin Lee Failure to Appear 10/05/17 06:32 PM Behel Jimmy Dale Interference with Law Enforcement; Obstruct, Resist, Oppose; Felony Case, Execution of a Felony Warrant 10/05/17 06:32 PM Behel Jimmy Dale Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone) 10/05/17 06:32 PM Behel Jimmy Dale Drugs; Possession of Marijuana 10/05/17 06:32 PM Behel Jimmy Dale Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia with intent to Store/Ingest/Inhale Controlled Substance 10/05/17 06:27 PM Mendoza Alejandro David Failure to Appear 10/05/17 06:27 PM Mendoza Alejandro David Probation Violation 10/05/17 06:17 PM Ford John Michael Failure to Appear
COMSTOCK TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — Kalamazoo County sheriff's deputies say a man was critically injured in a shooting early Monday.
Deputies say the man was found around 4 a.m. at the corner of Sprinkle Road and East Michigan Avenue in Comstock Township.
Kalamazoo County Undersheriff Paul Matyas said the victim was taken to an area hospital in critical condition.
No other information is available at this point.
This is a developing story. 24 Hour News 8 has a crew headed to the scene and is working to learn more information. Check back for further updates, and tune into 24 Hour News 8 Daybreak for the latest information.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Last month, police in Tallahassee arrested the 18-year-old Baton Rouge, Louisiana rapper YoungBoy Never Broke Again (formerly known as NBA YoungBoy). YoungBoy was a fugitive in Georgia with with outstanding assault, weapons violations, and kidnapping charges. And now a grand jury in Waycross, Georgia has indicted YoungBoy for aggravated assault and kidnapping after an alleged attack on his girlfriend.
TMZ reports that YoungBoy's girlfriend didn't want to press charges but that the grand jury went ahead with the indictment anyway. TMZ has also posted some truly harrowing footage of what appears to be YoungBoy severely beating a young woman in a hotel hallway.
In 2016 and 2017, YoungBoy served eight months in jail for two counts of attempted murder after he took part in a drive-by shooting. After pleading guilty, he was given a suspended sentence of 10 years in prison and three years of probation. He is currently free on a $75,000 bond.
David Puckett, just 6-years-old, is missing and was last seen in the late afternoon on New Year's Eve. Authorities believe David may have wandered away from his home in Aurora, Colorado, about 15 miles southeast of Denver. Police announced that David's parents realized he was missing at around 5:30 p.m. on Saturday, December 31. The Denver Post reports that David attends Dartmouth Elementary school in Aurora and has voluntarily walked away from his home a couple of times before. He was located safely each time, once being found at a local store and the other time after authorities were contacted by a concerned resident in the area. RT Emergency! #FindingDavid #DavidPuckett #Aurora #Colorado boy with learning disability #missing #endangered #CO #BroncosNation #Broncos pic.twitter.com/fpbgS3kjdh — Locatethemissing.com (@MissingCases) January 2, 2017 During a news conference held the Aurora Police Department, police noted it appears David left his home on his own, as they have yet to find evidence of an abduction. At this time, according to Aurora's Chief of Police Nick Metz, David's disappearance does not qualify for the issuance of an Amber Alert, explaining such alerts are only issued when it is believed a minor child has been abducted. Nevertheless, Metz said three reverse 911 calls to alert around 27,000 Aurora residents have been issued. Police search for Aurora boy, 6, who went missing #NewYearsEver. David Puckett was not dressed for cold weather: https://t.co/qyZHhQpJMS pic.twitter.com/8eA3rkdhsf — The Denver Post (@denverpost) January 1, 2017 Metz noted that because David was reportedly not wearing clothing appropriate for cold weather, they are extremely concerned about him. He added they are using a group of volunteers trained in these types of matters, have called in Jefferson County bloodhounds, and have obtained help from a Denver Police Department helicopter, the Arapahoe County search and rescue team, and the Arapahoe County Sheriff's Office. Metz said, “We know that somebody knows something…” and is asking for the public to report anything that may pertain to David, as any leads the department receives are significant. He requested that the public access social media for more information regarding David and use it to get the word out about the case to hopefully help find David. David's mother, Stephanie Puckett, also spoke at the news conference and could barely contain herself. Through tears, she said David is a good boy, and very energetic. “David's only 6-years-old… he's about 4-feet tall. The coat he is wearing is not a very thick coat… I'm worried with how cold it is, something might really bad happen to him. And if you guys can please help me find him. If you see him, please call the police immediately. If by any chance you picked him up last night because it was New Year's Eve and thought it would just be safe for him… please just call… Bring my baby home.” Metz comforted Stephanie as she spoke, and further noted that the hope is David simply went to one of his friend's homes to play video games, but also reemphasized he has a history of wandering away from home. DAVID PUCKETT, 6 years old, has been #MISSING from #Aurora #Colorado since December 31, 2016. Have you seen him????? https://t.co/fjRpPEyJhw pic.twitter.com/0cXBiNMDQF — Missing Kids Matters (@KidsofWorld) January 1, 2017 When asked by the media what responsibility parents have when this type of thing takes place, Metz said that in this particular case, David's parents did the right thing, as they immediately contacted police. He added they will also have to “answer a lot of questions” because authorities want to be sure they are looking at “every potential issue that may be out there… so that will continue as we do this investigation.” Media attending the news conference also inquired whether police had ruled out foul play in David's case, and Metz responded with, “From everything that we can tell it appears that he [David] voluntarily left home.” He also stated that after family members, neighbors, and others are spoken to, police will determine if that remains to be the case. According to David's family, when he went missing he was wearing green camouflage pants, a black t-shirt, black and orange boots, and possibly a tan coat. The family indicated the coat has the appearance of female outerwear. David is described as a white male, about 4-feet tall, around 48 pounds, with brown hair and brown eyes. Police are urging anyone with information about David Puckett or anyone who may have spotted the 6-year-old to immediately call 911. [Featured Image by Aurora Police Department/Facebook]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Another step forward has been made in the transition to a single health authority.
Health Minister Jim Reiter appointed a 10 member board to govern the new Saskatchewan Health Authority.
“It is important to our government that the Board of Directors of the new Saskatchewan Health Authority be based on competency in order to effectively guide what will be the largest organization in the province,” Reiter said.
“This distinguished group of five women and five men come from a diverse range of professional backgrounds, including governance, accounting, medicine, law, education, and business. Their experience in these industries will play an integral role in guiding the transition to a single provincial health authority and achieving our goal of delivering high-quality health care for the entire province.”
The board will legally begin governing operations when the Provincial Health Authority Act is proclaimed and the new organization launches.
The members are:
R.W. Dick – Chairperson, Regina
Grant Kook – Vice-Chairperson, Saskatoon
Brenda Abrametz – Prince Albert
Marilyn Charlton – Weyburn
Judy Davis – Regina
Robert Pletch – Regina
Donald Rae – Yorkton
Rosalena Smith – Pinehouse Lake
Dr. Janet Tootoosis – North battleford
Tom Zurowski – Saskatoon
Members are appointed for three year terms. R.W. Carter has been appointed as Board Chairperson.
“I look forward to working closely with Minister Reiter and my board colleagues to provide leadership and guidance during the transition,” Carter said.
“We share a truly remarkable opportunity to build a strong foundation for the Saskatchewan Health Authority and to improve the quality of care patients receive across our province.”
The board will begin its governance when the Provincial Health Authority Act is proclaimed, which is anticipated to occur in fall 2017. The 12 Regional Health Authority Boards will continue to govern until the Saskatchewan Health Authority is officially in place.
Like many youths, Console Mukarusanga was lured to the city by the huge prospects it offers when she left her hometown for studies in Kigali during …
Rwead more
The Kansas City Chiefs agreed to trade quarterback Alex Smith to the Washington Redskins earlier this week.
During an appearance on SiriusXM NFL Radio on Wednesday, Denver Broncos linebacker Von Miller acted out how he believes the trade went down.
“I can just imagine [John] Elway calling over Andy [Reid]: ‘Hey, Andy, Alex has got one year left. Are you going to keep him around? Let us know.' “Andy: ‘Yeah, we're going to keep him. We're going to keep Alex, man. [Patrick] Mahomes, he's good but we're going to keep Alex.' “Andy hangs up the phone and calls the Redskins: ‘Hey, um, I have a quarterback for you.'”
That's a pretty funny sketch from Miller, but KUSA-TV's Mike Klis reported on Wednesday that the Broncos were “not in the mix” for Smith.
Denver may be in the mix for Kirk Cousins, who is set to become a free agent now that the Redskins have another quarterback.
Related Von Miller says Broncos need to sign Kirk Cousins
P.J. Fleck says it is very difficult to leave Western Michigan and explains why he felt compelled to take the head coaching job at Minnesota. (1:27)
New Minnesota football coach P.J. Fleck can now "Row The Boat" in the land of 10,000 lakes.
Sources said Fleck's agent Bryan Harlan reached an agreement Wednesday with Western Michigan for the university to transfer rights to the phrase, which was used by Fleck but trademarked by the university.
The trademark, filed by the university in May 2013 and registered in September 2015, will be transferred to Harlan's company, Harlan Sports, sources said. Harlan and Fleck are then expected to allow Minnesota to use the mark as it sees fit, including on merchandise, as long as Fleck is with the school.
In return, Fleck will give Western Michigan at least $50,000 through five payments of $10,000 to endow a scholarship for a football player.
The phrase started in February 2011 when Fleck's son Colt died of a heart condition. Fleck has said it is meant to signify a "never give up" attitude despite what life throws at you.
"I really hope because of what it means, that I have the ability to at least purchase it, take it with me, and continue to change other people's lives through tragedy, through adversity, in just a different area," Fleck told ESPN.com last month.
Fleck was hired by the Golden Gophers in January, after Western Michigan's magical run to the Cotton Bowl. He has a five-year, $18.5 million contract.
We've been sending up the 9&10 drone fleet for months now, bringing you some amazing, never before seen views of northern Michigan. Photojournalist Derrick Larr is helping bring in some summer sights. He takes you on a walk out on the pier in Manistee.
Japan said further sanctions against North Korea could be discussed at the United Nations, and called on China to take a “constructive” role in responding.
China is North Korea's main ally and trading partner but is irritated by its repeated aggressive actions, although it rejects suggestions from the United States and others that it could be doing more to rein in its neighbour. “We have asked China via various levels to take constructive actions as a permanent member of the UN Security Council and we will continue to work on it,” said Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga. China said it opposed North Korean missile tests that run contrary to UN resolutions. “All sides should exercise restraint and jointly maintain regional peace and security,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular briefing, adding that China would participate in talks at the United Nations on the launch with a “responsible and constructive attitude”. Russia's foreign ministry expressed concern over the launch, RIA news agency quoted the ministry as saying. North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests, including two last year, although its claims to be able to miniaturise a nuclear weapon to be mounted on a missile have never been verified independently. Leader Kim said in his New Year speech the North was close to test-launching an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) and state media have said such a launch could come at any time. A fully developed ICBM could threaten the continental United States, which is about 9,000km (5,500 miles) from North Korea. The KCNA news agency said the missile fired on Sunday was launched at a high angle in consideration of the safety of neighbouring countries. A South Korean military source said on Sunday it reached an altitude of 550km (340 miles). It flew about 500km towards Japan, landing off the east coast of the Korean peninsula. The missile was propelled by a solid fuel engine and was an upgraded, extended-range version of its submarine-launched ballistic missile that was tested successfully last August, according to KCNA. The missile's name — Pukguksong-2 — translates as north star or Polaris, the same name of the first US submarine-launched missile. South Korea's military said the missile had been launched using a “cold-eject” system, whereby it is initially lifted by compressed gas before flying under the power of its rocket, a system used for submarine-launched missiles. North Korea's pursuit of large solid-fuelled missiles was “a very concerning development”, said Jonathan McDowell of the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. “Large solid-fuel motors are difficult to make work correctly so this is indeed a significant advance by North Korea,” McDowell said. In addition to launching more quickly, solid-fuel engines also boost the power and range of ballistic rockets. “Solid-motor engines mean that the fuel is pre-stored and the missile can be launched quickly. For example, rolled out of a cave, tunnel, or bridge,” said Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the US-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California. “They are also more difficult to track by satellite because they have fewer support vehicles in their entourage.” The North's Rodong Sinmun newspaper showed pictures of a missile fired from a mobile launch vehicle, with a flame appearing only after it had risen clear of the vehicle. Before Sunday, the North's two most recent missile tests were in October. Both were of intermediate-range Musudan missiles and both failed, according to US and South Korean officials. A US official said at the weekend the Trump administration had been expecting a North Korean “provocation” soon after taking office. The latest test came a day after Trump held a summit meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and also followed a phone call last week between trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping. Abe described the test as “absolutely intolerable”. In brief comments made while standing beside Abe in Florida, Trump said: “I just want everybody to understand, and fully know, that the United States of America is behind Japan, our great ally, 100 per cent.” Trump and his aides are likely to weigh a series of responses, including new US sanctions to tighten financial controls, an increase in naval and air assets in and around the Korean peninsula, and accelerated installation of new missile defence systems in South Korea, the administration official said. However, the official said that, given that the missile was believed not to have been an ICBM, and the North had not carried out a new nuclear explosion, any response would seek to avoid increasing tension. — Reuters More from North Korea celebrates missile launch
Brother of North Korea leader assassinated
North Korea hails missile test a success
Timing of missile was no coincidence
Indian shuttlers Kidambi Srikanth and HS Prannoy moved into the second round while B. Sai Praneeth bowed out of the Indonesia Open Superseries Premier badminton tournament on Wednesday.
In a gruelling 56-minute battle, Srikanth edged past Wong Wing Ki Vincent of Hong Kong 21-15, 17-21, 21-16, while in a contrasting match, Prannoy outplayed his Indonesian opponent Anthony Sinisuka Ginting 21-13, 21-18. It was the end of the road for Sai Praneeth as he lost to second seed Son Wan-ho of South Korea in straight games 21-14, 21-18.
In a marathon match, Srikanth started on a positive note, winning the first game. But soon the Guntur player lost his momentum and lost the second game. In the decider, Srikanth played to his strength and displayed some brilliant shots to prevail over his opponent.
In the other match, it was a cake walk for Prannoy as his opponent Ginting never looked in the contention. The Indian shuttler dominated throughout the match and ended up clinching the game.
In men's' doubles category, Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty were thrashed by Fajar Alfian and Muhammad Rian Ardianto of Indonesia 9-21, 19-21 and crashed out of the prestigious tournament.
Womens' doubles a pair of Ashwini Ponnappa and N. Sikki Reddy also showed a dismal performance and bowed out of the meet. The Indian pair were beaten by Dian Fitriani and Nadya Melati of Indonesia 21-19, 19-21, 13-21 in a match which lasted more than one hour.
On Thursday afternoon, the Indians left in the fray in the singles events will present their credentials for claiming quarter-final berths. Prannoy will clash with top-ranked Lee Chong Wei, while Srikanth takes on Jorgensen. Saina Nehwal will cross swords with Thailand's Nitchaon Jindapol, while PV Sindhu will play an evening match against Chinese-American Zhang Beiwen. The Indian doubles teams will no doubt watch from the sidelines, and cheer on their compatriots in the arena.
Avalon Waterways has announced two very exciting developments in 2019: not only will the popular river cruise line take delivery of a brand-new ship, but Canadian singer-songwriter Jann Arden will also be hosting a voyage aboard it.
The new Avalon Envision will debut next year, joining the fleet as the sixteenth Suite Ship that Avalon has introduced since the debut of Avalon Panorama in 2011. These ships have garnered plenty of accolades for their wall-to-wall panoramic balconies, which open up more than two metres and allow for enhanced scenic cruising from the comfortable sitting area adjacent, or from the stateroom's bed, which has been angled so as to face this open-air balcony. Called Panorama Suites, they make up the bulk of the accomodations aboard the forthcoming Avalon Envision and her sisters.
“Each of our Suite Ships in Europe features two full decks of these spacious staterooms,” says Stéphanie Bishop with Avalon's Canadian office. “Measuring 200 square feet, they feature our trademark ‘open-air balconies' to bring in the local sights and sounds.”
Jann Arden will be hosting a voyage aboard the new Avalon Envision, departing June 18, 2019 from Budapest and concluding in Prague. Onboard, guests are treated to opportunities to mingle with the Calgary native, along with photo opportunities, CD signings, and a private onboard concert for Avalon Envision's guests.
Those who know Avalon will likely remember that Arden served as Godmother of Avalon Tranquility II back in 2015 and hosted another similar cruise in 2017. Arden says she's a fan of Avalon Waterways, and looks forward to hosting this unique river cruise along the Danube.
The entire journey on this “Jann Arden Cruise”, as I'm calling it, is a spectacular 12-day affair that begins with two nights in Budapest and concludes with a two-night stay in Prague. Onboard the Avalon Envision, guests will sail from Budapest to Vienna, Durnstein, Passau, Regensburg and Roth before continuing overland to Prague.
Avalon includes beer, wine and soft drinks with lunch and dinner aboard its European river cruise ships, and also throws in complimentary Nordic walking sticks and a fleet of onboard bicycles that can be taken for a spin in most ports of call, either as an independent tour or as part of a guided excursion on Avalon's Active Discovery river cruises.
The usual river cruise refrain applies to this voyage: book early.
Visit fromthedeckchair.com for cruise news and voyage reports.
In a statement which might not go down well with his party, former Union minister Salman Khurshid has said there are Muslims' blood stains on the Congress hands.Pushed to the wall with a point-blank query from an Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) student at a programme as to how the Congress will wash off the blood stains of Muslims on its hands, he said, "It is a political question. There is blood on our hands. I am also a part of the Congress so let me say it, we have blood on our hands. Is this why you are trying to tell us that if someone attacks you, we must not come forward to protect you?""I am telling you. We are ready to show the blood on our hands so that you realise that you too must not get blood on your hands. If you attack them, you are the ones who would get stains on your hands," he said at an AMU event on Sunday."Learn something from our past. Learn from our history and don't create such situations for yourself where if you come back to Aligarh Muslim University after 10 years, you find no one like yourself putting out questions," he said.The student had asked, "The first amendment was in 1948. Then there was Presidential order in 1950... after that Hasanpura, Maliana, Muzaffarnagar and there is a long list of riots under the Congress regime. Then there was the opening of the gates of Babri Masjid, placing idols inside and then the demolition of Babri Masjid while the Congress was in power at the Centre. Congress has Muslims' blood on its hands. With what words will you wash them off?"The former Union minister was the chief guest at the annual function of BR Ambedkar Hall of the AMU.
Le'Veon Bell continues to speak confidently about a potential long-term contract with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Visiting NFL Network's Super Bowl LIVE on Friday, Bell said he's confident his contract is a priority for the Steelers, and reiterated that sides are closer to a deal than they were last year.
For Bell, negotiations on a multi-year deal are all about the guaranteed money.
"Yeah, a lot of it is about the guarantees," he said. "That's what a long-term deal really is, you know? You want that security. That's why I said I'll play on the tag. All that's going to be guaranteed. You want to tag me again, OK, all that's going to be guaranteed. That's how I kind of look at it because I don't want to sign a long-term deal and everybody says I signed for $70 million but only the first year is guaranteed. So the first $17 million that you make in that year that's the only year that's guaranteed..."
Bell was asked if, hypothetically, the Steelers offered him $50 million guaranteed would he sign?
"50 guaranteed? Absolutely," he replied. Bell then paused when asked about $30 million guaranteed.
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported last offseason that Bell turned down a contract offer that would have paid him $30 million in the first two years of the deal. The Steelers could slap the franchise tag on Bell again, which would pay the running back around $14.5 million for 2018.
Bell said playing on the franchise tag in 2017 didn't affect how he approached the season.
"I don't think it affected me the way that I played because I wasn't necessarily thinking, 'I don't want to get hurt, I don't want to get hurt,'" he said. "I was just kind of playing physical. I knew after this year that they have to put me up front. I felt that kind of inspired me. I always want to find something to get you to play with a chip on your shoulder. Never [be] satisfied with where you're playing. I always try to find something to motivate me to be a better player."
Bell sat out workouts and preseason last year before signing his franchise tag. The running back said Friday that as of now he plans on being at training camp in 2018.
If there's one thing that Stephen Colbert and actor-comic Nick Kroll's #PuberMe fundraising campaign established, it's that celebrity awkwardness may be just as valuable as celebrity beauty.
On "The Late Show" on Thursday night, Colbert shared the final tally of the philanthropic endeavor, with Kroll calling from Argentina to weigh in.
The celebrity puberty photos shared raised $233,000, provided by the AmeriCone Dream Fund, Colbert announced. Kroll then shared that the cast and crew of his Netflix series "Big Mouth" would be fronting an additional $100,000 for Puerto Rico.
To that news, Colbert revealed that Les Moonves and CBS had decided to match that amount, bringing the total funds raised to $666,000.
"That's the devil's donation, Stephen," Kroll said of the number.
"Yes," Colbert agreed, "If the devil was nice, that's how much he'd give."
But wait! There's more.
Colbert then shared that thanks to the more than 75,000 tweets generated by #PuberMe from non-celebrities, the AmeriCone Dream Fund was offering an additional $266,000 to Puerto Rico.
Not to be outdone, Kroll offered an additional $67,000 from "Big Mouth," joking that he had "sold a kidney" to garner the extra funds.
But that leaves just $999,000 for Puerto Rico. A shame, really, that they didn't have one more awkward celebrity offering to make it an even $1 million.
Enter star of stage and screen Lin-Manuel Miranda!
Miranda stopped by "The Late Show" to share a childhood video of himself singing sadly about missing Puerto Rico and hating New York City, a delightful way to celebrate the spirit of #PuberMe fundraiser.
By Evan Casey
Keith Posley is hoping to turn things around at Milwaukee Public Schools quickly following his selection as the interim superintendent by the Milwaukee School Board. Posley officially began his term last week Monday, following former superintendent Darienne Driver's departure.
Among his main goals, Posley said he hopes to ensure fiscal achievement and accountability, a hot-topic debate for many educators in Wisconsin after the 2018-2019 MPS proposed budget that was released in late April includes the elimination of 125 positions in schools. Posley also hopes to increase “academic achievement and accountability,” and strengthen communication, according to his entry plan.
“Public education changed my life,” said Posley in a press release. “It expanded my world. I want all MPS students to have the same opportunities to grow, learn, and excel.”
Posley began his career as an educator at Benjamin Franklin School in 1990 as an elementary school teacher. He was promoted to the principal of Clarke Street Elementary School in 1999. He received a visit from President George W. Bush after he received an award for being 1 of 8 “exemplary principals.”
Posley was also previously the chief school administration officer for MPS, and was the leadership specialist for the MPS northwest region, where he oversaw day-to-day operations of 35 schools.
Posley released his entry plan last week, and in it he says he supports “fiscal responsibility and transparency,” something that many community activists and leaders say they want. The plan also said that Posley will meet with members of his finance team and senior leadership to discuss future budgets.
However, the 2018-2019 proposed budget has already been making ripples throughout the community.
“Stagnant revenue, rising health care costs, and declining enrollment all contributed to a financial shortfall that make this a very difficult budget year,” said MPS Chief Financial Officer Thomas Conjurski in a statement. “Simply put, there is not enough money to support our current level of spending.”
The Milwaukee Teachers' Education Association has been fighting the proposed budget saying the proposed cuts will hurt students in the long run. The budget will now go to the Milwaukee Board of School Directors where changes can be made. The budget must be passed by the school board by June 1st.
Posley was not available for an interview this week. He says he will be visiting schools soon and he wants community members to submit feedback on his entry plan by visiting the MPS website at mps.milwaukee.k12.wi.us.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833289","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833289","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833289","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833289","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Several cities of Burbank departments as well as local residents are banding together to start developing ways to address homelessness in the city.
Officials from the Community Development, Library Services, Parks and Recreation Department as well as the Burbank Police Department said they recognize that it is going to take more than one group to come up with a solution to the homeless issue in Burbank, surrounding cities and region.
Understanding that, the City Council unanimously voted last week to have city staff start working on ways to address all the aspects of homelessness and to draft a "Homeless Plan" by September.
Join the conversation on Facebook >>
"I think it is important for all of us to understand that this is the beginning of what will be an ongoing dialogue," said Judie Wilke, parks and recreation director. "We can't rush to judgment or solutions or think we will have a quick fix. From the onset, I think it's best to be honest and say that there is no single or easy answer that will fix homelessness in our community, because if there were, homelessness would have been solved by now."
Wilke said the Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority reported a 5.7% rise in the homeless population in L.A. County, from 44,439 in 2015 to 46,874 in 2016.
There is also some indication that the homeless population in Burbank, which Wilke said is about 168 people on any given night, is increasing.
In January, Providence St. Joseph Medical Center and Burbank officials conducted a homeless count. The data from the outing will not be available until this spring. However, officials are predicting the population will have grown by about 20%, according to a city staff report.
Some of the contributing factors in the homeless population's growth in Burbank and across the country are dwindling federal, state and city resources to address the issue, a shortage of housing, increasing rents and more people showing a lack of willingness to help, Wilke said.
"Burbank is an affluent city that does not have a lot of housing, and the housing we have is very expensive," she said.
When it comes to homeless people sleeping in parks, Wilke said that if the city bans tents and canopies in public areas, then no one can use them because it would be discriminatory against the homeless.
Additionally, if a city asks a homeless person to leave a location where he or she is sleeping and has nowhere else to stay, the city must provide that person with an alternate location to go, Wilke said.
"In the past, the city had a winter shelter and then later financially participated with a shelter in Glendale," she said. "However, the city is not hosting or supporting a winter shelter this year, and the closest shelter is in Sylmar, which requires transportation to and from the facility."
Burbank Police Capt. Denis Cremins said about 12% of the police department's calls for service are about homelessness around the city, mainly due to fear.
"Sometimes [a resident] will look at a homeless individual based upon their physical appearance, and it just evokes some type of inherent fear," he said. "It may be due to their hygiene, they may be viewed as a lawbreaker or assume they are a lawbreaker or worse."
Marcos Gonzales, grants coordinator for the city's Community Development Department, outlined the programs and funds to which the homeless have access to or can apply.
Gonzales said the city recently received a $452,000 allocation from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to provide 20 permanent, supportive housing units.
"That is something that's worth mentioning, due to the fact that we have a very long waiting list for Section 8 housing," he said. "We have a lack of affordable housing in Burbank, and these funds can be targeted to the folks that are most vulnerable and in need of housing."
--
Anthony Clark Carpio, anthonyclark.carpio@latimes.com
Twitter: @acocarpio
Many animal lovers old and young alike enjoy feeding ducks.
But if an ordinance under consideration by city council passes, people caught feeding any waterfowl in any city park will face a fine.
The item listed on council's December 12 agenda notes Moline currently does not restrict the feeding of waterfowl in city parks but under the proposed ordinance “no person shall be permitted to provide and distribute food to any species of waterfowl within any City park.”
If passed, the ordinance calls for violators to be “subject to a fine of not less than $25 plus court costs and not more than $750 plus court costs.”
The Moline Parks and Recreation Board already approved the changes at a meeting back in August.
The item is on the agenda for the Tuesday night meeting of the Moline City Council, which begins at 5:30 p.m. at 619 16th Street in Moline.
Pink is the latest artist to come out against record producer Dr. Luke, saying that she refuses to work with him and has told him so to his face.
The singer, who collaborated with Dr. Luke — real name Lukasz Gottwald — on her 2006 album “I'm Not Dead,” declared in an interview published Thursday that she won't work with him again because “he's not a good person.”
Though Pink said she didn't know much firsthand about singer Kesha's abuse allegations against him, she told the New York Times it was “his karma and he earned it.”
Pink's commentary echoes that of “American Idol” alum Kelly Clarkson, who scored some of her biggest hits alongside Dr. Luke but spoke out against him last year, saying she refused to share a writing credit with him on 2009's “My Life Would Suck Without You” because she believed he was “not a good guy.”
Pink, real name Alecia Beth Moore, insisted that Luke “doesn't do good business,” that “he's not a kind person” and “he doesn't do the right thing when given ample opportunities to do so.”
And, she said, “I don't really feel that bad for him,” she said.
The producer, who denied all of his former protégée Kesha's allegations during their protracted legal battle, declined to comment on Pink's statements.
Incidentally, Pink's words were not as harsh for former Epic Records chairman Antonio “L.A.” Reid, her mentor, who has also been accused of sexual harassment.
She also said she hasn't experienced much overt sexism firsthand in the music business: “People think I'm insane and aggressive and I'll bite them.”
watchOS 4 is bringing along some cool new faces. Here's how to create and use Kaleidoscopes.
The launch of the developer beta of watch OS 4 has given us a preview of the changes coming to your Apple Watch this fall, and that includes a look at the new kaleidoscope watch faces.
They look cool and colorful and definitely different than other types of watch faces that are currently available. There are some preset kaleidoscope watch faces and you can even make your own from any photo on your iPhone or iPad running iOS 11.
Apple occasionally offers updates to iOS, watchOS, tvOS, and macOS as closed developer previews or public betas for iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and Mac (sadly, no public beta for the Apple Watch). While the betas contain new features, they also contain pre-release bugs that can prevent the normal use of your iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, or Mac, and are not intended for everyday use on a primary device. That's why we strongly recommend staying away from developer previews unless you need them for software development, and using the public betas with caution. If you depend on your devices, wait for the final release.
How to set a preset kaleidoscope watch face
Launch the Watch app from your Home screen. Tap the Face Gallery tab. Tap Kaleidoscope. Tap the photo you want to use. Tap the Style you want to use. Either Facet or Radial. Choose the Complications you want on the watch face. Tap Add.
How to make a custom kaleidoscope watch face
Launch the Photos app from your Home screen. Tap on the photo you want to use. Tap the Share button. Swipe right on the list of actions at the bottom of your screen. Tap Create Watch Face. Tap Kaleidoscope Watch Face. Tap the Style you want to use. Either Facet or Radial. Choose the Complications you want on the watch face. Tap Add.
What do you think of the new kaleidoscope watch faces?
Let us know in the comments below!
During a local flight, the pilot reported that the engine on his Sonex quit while maneuvering about 1,200 feet above ground level.
The pilot felt his only option was to land in a soybean field near Wolcottville, Indiana. He attempted to fly as slow as possible prior to touchdown. After rolling about 50 feet in the field the airplane nosed over.
The pilot reported that for the majority of the 30-minute flight, he was flying with the fuel mixture full rich. He stated that he did not depart with full fuel, and must have been burning fuel at a higher rate than he originally anticipated.
According to an FAA Aviation Safety Inspector, during a post-accident examination, the airplane's fuel tanks were empty and no fuel was found at the tank sumps.
The vertical stabilizer and left wing sustained substantial damage and the pilot sustained minor injuries.
Probable cause: The pilot's improper fuel planning, which resulted in fuel exhaustion, a forced off-airport landing, and nose over.
NTSB Identification: GAA15CA234
This August 2015 accident report is provided by the National Transportation Safety Board. Published as an educational tool, it is intended to help pilots learn from the misfortunes of others.
ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan Super League will give franchises the option to draft new players in case contracted international stars opt out of the March 5 final at Lahore due to security reasons.
"On Feb. 22 we will do a new draft," PSL chairman Najam Sethi said on a Pakistan TV channel. "We will put a formula in front of all the franchises and foreign players to let us know who will play the final in Lahore and who will not come."
International stars including West Indies batsman Chris Gayle, Shane Watson of Australia and England's Twenty20 captain Eoin Morgan are among 30 foreign players contracted to five teams in the PSL Twenty20 tournament, which is being staged mostly in the United Arab Emirates.
The Pakistan Cricket Board has promised to provide top-level security to the PSL finalists at Gaddafi Stadium. But a bomber targeting police escorting a rally by pharmacists on Monday killed 13 people in Lahore, casting fresh doubt over whether foreign cricketers will risk a return to playing in Pakistan.
Sethi said he had been in contact with several foreign players who indicated they'd be willing to play the final in Lahore.
"We are in touch with other foreign players so that we could replace those (contracted international) players who are not willing to play in Lahore."
A report last month by the Federation of International Cricketers' Associations (FICA) warned foreign players from traveling to Pakistan for matches.
On Tuesday, Pakistani army chief Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa extended full support to the PSL organizers.
"I salute the army chief," Sethi said. "The PSL (final) which we are going to do is not just cricket, it has now more meaning into it.
"We want to show the world that it's a showcase of Pakistan ... PSL is a window which we are using to bring back the world to Pakistan. We have worked very hard for it."
Pakistan has not hosted any major test playing countries since 2009 when terrorists attacked a bus and police convoy taking the Sri Lanka national team to a test match at Lahore.
Sam Roberts Band will be part of the big Laketown Rock Festival kickoff, Friday May 19 in the beautiful Cowichan Valley. Sam was kind enough to give me a call today to chat about the album, recording at The Hip‘s Bathouse Studios, and more — plus, we rolled out another track from the Terraform album, along with a classic from Chemical City.
Love, Dr. Scott James
Subscribe to Scott's Now posts via RSS
Report A Typo
The IBEW #649 Retired Members Club will hold their monthly breakfast meeting on Thursday, February 22 at the Eagles Nest Restaurant, 117 E. Bethalto Drive in Bethalto beginning at 9:00 a.m. (Notice change of location!) Join us for a morning of food and friendship. For more information, call Marlin Wagner at 656-7593.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Free pot delivery has come to Portland.
The company behind it, Diem Cannabis, is trying to differentiate itself in a booming statewide marijuana industry.
Online: Visit the Diem Cannabis website
The founders of Diem Cannabis say they were the first to get a delivery license in Portland.
Kelsey Woodward has been a medical marijuana patient for the last four years. She has chronic back and neck pain.
“Some days it's really easy to get out of the house, some days it's not,” Woodward said.
VIDEO: Marijuana skin patches bring new pain relief
That's why she jumped at the opportunity when Diem Cannabis launched its free delivery service in October of last year.
Customers pull up the Diem website on their phone or computer, then choose from about 150 products to place their order. Staff at Diem start filling the order. Discreet bags with child-proof locks are used.
Frank Kanekoa is Diem's co-founder. He said the company was the first to get a license for delivery in Portland. At first it was slow, but now things are picking up steam.
“We're growing every day. We had our best week ever just a couple weeks ago,” Kanekoa said.
Once the order is filled, a driver hits the road.
“We always try to get to you within the hour,” said Theresa O'Hanlon, who is a delivery driver for Diem.
“Then it's a signature and we check your ID and it's very straightforward,” said Kanekoa.
Kanekoa said Amazon Prime Now was the model for their business.
“We wanted to offer free delivery as quick as we possibly could and, wouldn't quite say we're Amazon yet. But we're building towards that. We'd love to be considered the Amazon Prime Now of marijuana,” Kanekoa said.
Similar competition has started to pop up as Diem continues to grow its business. But customers like Woodward said they'll continue to take advantage of the convenience factor.
“I don't feel judged,” she said.
Woodward said some people feel judged just being seen walking into a dispensary, so home delivery is the easier option.
Right now Kanekoa said Diem Cannabis is licensed to deliver pot in Salem and Portland.
Delivery is free with a $30 minimum purchase.
Kanekoa said Diem was founded on the principle of giving access to medical patients as well as providing experiences to recreational users.
Kanekoa took pride in the Diem insignia that illustrates a central sun, with artistic lines that denote the movements of the sun, water, air and earth.
“It's kind of an ode to mother nature,” he said.
© 2018 KGW
Good catch here from a few people on Twitter over the past 24 hours.
You may have forgotten, but Jake Virtanen was handed a two-game suspension in the waning days of the 2015-16 season for a late, blindside hit on a player who wasn't otherwise injured.
About two minutes in the second period of a game against the Sharks at Rogers Arena on March 29, 2016, Virtanen nailed Roman Polak.
The NHL's department of player safety wasn't impressed.
“What elevates this hit to supplemental discipline is its extreme lateness and the predatory nature of the hit,” they said.
“Polak has no reason to anticipate being hit this long after moving the puck. This is not a case in which a player finishes a check initiated while his opponent still has the puck. Virtanen has ample time to avoid or at the very least minimize this hit once he recognizes that Polak is no longer in possession of the puck.
“Instead, approaching from to blindside, Virtanen veers sharply into Polak with force, delivering a violent hit well outside the acceptable time frame to deliver a check.”
The Capitals' Tom Wilson threw an eerily similar hit in game 1 on Monday, blindsiding Jonathan Marchessault.
The league didn't suspend Wilson for the hit. Wilson has been suspended previously in these very playoffs, though, in the second round for three games for a bad hit.
After game 1, former referee Kerry Fraser cited the rule that Virtanen was hit with in-game in 2016: a major plus misconduct for interference.
The 5 + game misconduct for Interference was instituted for the very type of late blindside hit Tom Wilson just delivered. — Kerry Fraser (@kfraserthecall) May 29, 2018
pjohnston@postmedia.com
twitter.com/risingaction
New Delhi: The number of transactions via unified payments interface (UPI) grew 30 percent to over 246 million in June over the previous month, according to the data available with the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI).
A total of 246.37 million UPI transactions were conducted in June this year, as against 189.48 million in May 2018, recording the highest month-on-month rise for this year, the data showed.
The total value of these UPI transactions stood at Rs 40,834.03 crore in the month of June as compared to Rs 33,288.51 crore in the preceding month, it added.
On year-on-year basis, the growth in UPI transactions -- both in value and volume terms -- have been manifold as the base of users has also expanded at a steady pace.
PhonePe Head of Payments and Financial Services Hemant Gala said the company's platform drove over 50 million UPI transactions at over Rs 100 billion total payment value (TPV) in June.
"We are also one of the largest platforms in terms TPV as our average transaction value is much higher than other players driven by our continuous focus on customer-centric use cases," he said.
Rival Paytm also claimed leadership position with respect to UPI transactions.
"Last month, Paytm users did more than 350 million payments using various options. UPI alone contributed to 92 million transactions and is fast becoming an alternative to net-banking for consumers in India," Paytm Senior Vice President Deepak Abbot said.
Government-owned app BHIM clocked 16.34 million transactions in June, up over 15 percent from 14.16 million in May. The value of these transactions done via BHIM stood at Rs 6,261.25 crore in June as against Rs 5,748.47 crore in May.
ISLAMABAD-UAE has lifted the eight year old ban on import of poultry and its products from Pakistan.
The UAE has granted permission to import day old chicks and hatching eggs form the companies which are certified for export ministry, possess health certificates and certified for export by the UAE. This was announced by Ministry of Commerce after receipt of formal communications of lifting of ban.
The UAE had imposed a ban on the import of poultry in 2006 after avian influenza (bird flu) broke out in Pakistan. However, Pakistan had been declared disease-free in 2008, which was also certified by the World Health Organisation (WHO). Earlier, Pakistan Poultry Association had held several meetings with the commerce ministry and the Ministry of National Food Security and Research in last few years asking for making efforts to lift ban imposed by the UAE.
Speaking on the occasion, Commerce Minister Engineer Khurram Dastgir Khan said, “Pakistan appreciates the lifting of ban on poultry by our longstanding trading partner and brotherly nation UAE”. The minister also appreciated the cooperation extended by PM's Adviser on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz and Minister for National Food Security and Research Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan.
He lauded efforts by Pakistan Ambassador to the UAE, Moazzam Ahmad Khan and Pakistan Department for Plant Protection and acknowledged Pakistan Poultry Association for their professional support during recent visit of UAE poultry inspectors.
The UAE annually imports more than $700 million of poultry products, a market from which Pakistan was barred for 8 years. Lifting of the ban will open this market for Pakistan exporters, who have made commendable technological progress in recent years.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA) Friday directed the private TV channel “Bol News” to air apology to viewers for casting aspersion against a serving officer of the armed forces in its programme “AisayNahiChalay Ga” dated June 27, 2017.
In the said programme, hate-based comments were aired against
the officer who is posted in war zone and event his name was
revealed, a press release said here.
That act of the TV channel was a gross violation of the PEMRA
Code of Conduct 2015.
A show cause notice was issued to M/s Labbaik (Pvt.) Ltd (Bol
News) on 07.07.2017, the TV management was asked to explain its
position within seven days and was also directed to appear for
personal hearing on 14.07.2017.
On the said date of hearing no one appeared on behalf of the
M/s Labbaik (Pvt.) Ltd (Bol News).
Later, the channel kept requesting adjournment and Authority
accepted its adjournment request for five times, i.e. on 14.07.2017,
01.08.2017, 21.08.2017, 12.09.2017 and 26.09.2017.
On the final date of hearing i.e. 26.09.2017 the channel's
representative sought adjournment once again.
Upon this, PEMRA hearing committee after analyzing the
violation and reviewing the relevant video clip agreed that Bol News
had nothing to offer in its defence and recommended initiating ex-
parte proceedings.
Considering the recommendations of PEMRA hearing Committee,
the competent Authority, in exercise of delegated powers of the
Authority has directed Bol News to air apology as stated below,
within seven days in its programme “AisayNahiChaly Ga” in the same
manner and magnitude and at the same time.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Federal Territories Minister Tengku Adnan Tengku Mansor felt pity for ‘old' Dr Mahathir Mohamad and his wife Dr Siti Hasmah Mohamad Ali over their recent visit to a pasar malam in Putrajaya.
“I pity him when he visited the pasar malam, he's an old man. We saw (that) especially Siti Hasmah who can't even walk, she needs people to hold her.
“Why was he doing that? Why was he visiting the pasar malam? We don't know.”
“I don't understand why they are doing (these) sorts of things. Was he trying to get some pity?” he said after attending the 1Federal Territories Luncheon in Titiwangsa.
On Jan 30, Pakatan Harapan chairperson Mahathir shared on social media his experience during the pasar malam visit.
Both he and Siti Hasmah appeared to be welcomed and greeted warmly by both the business community and the customers there.
However, Tengku Adnan, who is better known as Ku Nan, said he is unfazed by the popularity of the former premier.
“We always in communication with all pasar malam business people as well as the people who go to pasar malam. The majority of the people who go to pasar malam are not my voters anyway,” he said.
“I am not concerned,” he said.
He also added that he is “okay” if the former premier were to decide to contest in Putrajaya.
– M'kini
.
Manifesto: Unravelling the myth of the man flu
123RF Give the man a break when he's sick.
OPINION: Men get a lot of stick for "playing up" the degree to which they're in pain when they're ill.
The man flu, as it is known, is defined as the male experience of a minor ailment or illness but the portrayal of it as the end of the world.
A recent study published in Brain, Behaviour and Immunity has suggested that the male immune system can get hit harder by the influenza virus than the female one, but I'm not going to spend a whole column defending the so-called man flu and why it's legitimate.
What I do think is that men put on a tough facade all the time. So when we're finally given permission to be weak, we go for gold.
This is most obvious when we have a partner or spouse who's willing to take care of us. When that head-cold turns into something worse, and they're right there to give us support, it's easy to lap it up because we don't feel it's acceptable to be "cared for" at any other time.
READ MORE:
* Manifesto: Nobody benefits when women are paid less
* Manifesto: Poetry can help men understand themselves
* Manifesto: Single men don't need your pity
This brings up my real point. Men love being taken care of. We have it instilled in us (through a patriarchal culture) that we should always be the physical and metaphorical strong arms of a family.
In reality, no man is as strong as he wants to be. To be a human being is to be weak at times. So when we do let this guard down and allow ourselves to convalesce, we enjoy it so much that we probably over-exaggerate and even convince ourselves that we feel worse than we really do.
Case and point: last week I was hit with a violent 24-hour gastro bug. In 31 years I'd never been taken out like this, never been left feeling so weak, shaky or genuinely unable to brave the day.
My husband was up with me until 3am, and over the next day he proceeded to keep me warm, get liquids into my system and ask if there was anything I needed. Even when I became belligerent because I was so uncomfortable with not being 100 per cent, he was there.
Looking back, I loved being taken care of. I eked it out for the full 24 hours. When you go from feeling like you must be strong all the time to being given carte blanche to be less-than-perfect, it's an almost unbelievable relief. Like being given a sip of water when you've been walking in the desert for days.
Did I exaggerate my symptoms true to man flu form? I did, perhaps at the very end, and mostly because I was trying to be funny.
I'm sure there are guys out there who soldier on and don't let up when they're sick. Each to their own, but all I can say is this: nothing good happens when you're too strong for too long.
- Sunday Magazine
Bertie M. Dorris, 71, of Cottage Hills, passed away at 1:58 p.m. on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, at her home.
She was born Nov. 12, 1945, in Suffolk, Va., a daughter of the late Robert Hundley and Clara (Butler) Godfrey of Elizabeth City, N.C. She had worked at Wood River Township Hospital and Bethalto Care Center. She retired after 25 years of dedicated and loving service as a registered nurse and continued working at Rosewood Care Center in Edwardsville, V.I.P. Manor in Wood River and Elmwood Nursing Home in Maryville. She was a member of the VFW Auxiliary Chapter 6060 in Elizabeth City, N.C., and she enjoyed crocheting. She will be remembered for the love and special times shared with her family and friends.
In addition to her mother, she is survived by her former husband of 42 years, Jack Dorris of Edwardsville; children, Jackie Dorris of Cottage Hills, Dale Dorris of Pontoon Beach, Allen Dorris of Cottage Hills, Brandy (Chris) Womack of Pontoon Beach, and Cindy (Amanda) Dixon of Dow; grandchildren, Dylan, Jamie, Austin, Alanna, Tyler, Kaytlyn, Lexi, Krissy, John, Brittnie, Hannah, and C.J.; great-grandchildren, Cameron and Levi; brothers and sisters, Patricia (Claude) Gibbs of Elizabeth City, N.C., Mary Koria of Elizabeth City, N.C., Christine (Glenn Goin) Spence of Elizabeth City, N.C., Bobbie (Art) Joiner of Zephyr Hills, Fla., Angela (David) Massey of Ottumwa, Iowa, Richard (Jeanie) Landers of Houghston, W. Va., Donnie (Rhonda) Landers of Fayetteville, N.C., and Donnie Hundley of Zephyr Hills, Fla.; many nieces, nephews, other extended family, and friends.
In addition to her father, she was preceded in death by a son-in-law, Kevin Billings; and brothers and sisters, William Landers, Charlie Landers, Cheryl Ann Cagnina, and Tommy Hundley.
In celebration of her life, a memorial service will be held from 5 p.m. until time of funeral service at 7 p.m. on Thursday, Aug. 17, 2017, at Pitchford Funeral Home, 2555 Vaughn Road in Wood River with the Rev. Charles West officiating.
Memorials may be made to the family and may be accepted at the funeral home. Irwin Chapel of Glen Carbon in charge of arrangements; irwinchapel.com.
This is day 4 of the Kansas Wheat Harvest Reports, brought to you by the Kansas Wheat Commission, Kansas Association of Wheat Growers and the Kansas Grain and Feed Association.
Mother Nature decided to hit pause on the Kansas wheat harvest with brief showers across the state. Fortunately for many western and central Kansas farmers, combines only came to a stop for a brief interlude as the hot sun quickly dried fields off. Humidity has kept some harvest crews out of the fields in the eastern portion of the state, but they are expecting to roll on Thursday.
Derek Klingenberg, Peabody, reported that much of his harvest is already done.
“We saw reduced wheat acres in this area,” said Klingenberg. “It's been a good one, and so far, with the exception of these showers, it was really good harvest weather.”
Klingenberg reported good kernel characteristics and test weights ranging from 62 to 65.3 pounds per bushel. Yields have also been above average with a range of 55 to over 60 bushels an acre.
Jacquelyne Leffler, a farmer from Americus in Lyon County, said that Wednesday's humidity had combines in her operation stopped. She started harvesting on Sunday and said she's expecting to cut for another two weeks.
Leffler said that yields have been in the low 60s, and her test weights have averaged out to 62 pounds per bushel.
“It's nice to see our yields that high and we had a good growth, but we're excited to be able to get into the ‘good stuff' and see how yields perform there,” said Leffler. “We just wish that we could see higher commodity prices to go along with it.”
Terry Mohl, manager of the United Prairie Ag branches in Hugoton, reported that harvest in his area started Tuesday. So far he reports that the wheat he has seen looks ‘fair.'
“Our proteins reached 11.6 yesterday,” said Mohl. “It dipped a little today to around 11, but we're just getting started around here.”
Mohl said harvest has started in the area, but it's difficult to have an end in sight.
“This isn't going to be a fast harvest,” said Mohl. “This is going to be moderate speed drawn out over a long period of time due to maturity. There's still a little bit of green in a lot of these fields, so it'll be a while before a lot of it gets harvested.”
The 2017 Harvest Report is brought to you by the Kansas Wheat Commission, Kansas Association of Wheat Growers and the Kansas Grain and Feed Association. For exclusive #wheatharvest17 content, please head to facebook.com/kansaswheat.
The city of Burbank has a tradition that on the last day of the summer season at McCambridge Recreation Center, the pool is open to the city's canine residents.
That day, appropriately falling right smack in the middle of the dog days of August, was this past Sunday.
Billed as the annual Doggie Splash, this dog-day afternoon gives local pups the chance to cool off and doggie paddle under the watchful eyes of city lifeguards.
“This event began six years ago,” said Diego Cevallos, who serves as the city's aquatic program coordinator. “It was started by a supervisor who was a big dog lover, and, because Burbank is a real pet community, it was a natural fit for us and has become very popular — something people really look forward to.”
Throughout the afternoon, more than 50 pooches — from golden labs who boldly dove in after tennis balls to tiny terriers who waded into the water with a bit more trepidation — provided their human companions with quite a show.
Among the dog lovers who came out for Sunday's pooch-meets-pool event were Christian and Deana Alvarez, accompanied by their French bulldog Pablo.
“He's just 8 months old and this is his first time to go swimming.” said Deana Alvarez. “So we're interested to see how he does.”
While Pablo was preparing to get his paws wet for the first time, other pups who were clearly used to the water, including Debbi Waldmann's golden retriever Kalli were enthusiastically showing the newbies how it's done by fetching balls.
Cavallos was joined by senior lifeguard Tracy Servantes, who took the lead in putting on Sunday's event, to remind Burbankers that while the McCambridge pool is now closed, the pool at the Verdugo Aquatic Facility is still open.
Along with regularly scheduled classes and swim times, the Verdugo pool will be the site of the annual Rock-a-Hula end-of-summer bash for adults 55 years old and older.
This popular no-charge event will take place at 4 p.m. on Sept. 28 and will include food, music, dancing, swimming and a hula contest.
The pool will also host a summer finale Family Night beginning at 7 p.m. on Sept. 30. For the regular recreational swim fee, Burbankers of all ages can enjoy a special night swim.
The Verdugo Aquatic Facility is located at 3201 W. Verdugo Ave.
For more information, visit burbankca.gov/aquatics or call (818) 238-5391.
DAVID LAURELL may be reached by email at dlaurell@aol.com or (818) 563-1007.
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups, says Candyce Kelshall
Preventing people from using vehicles as deadly weapons is a difficult task for law enforcement officials, experts say.
Cars, trucks and vans have been used to ram people more than a dozen times around the world in recent years, often with deadly results similar to those in northern Toronto on Monday.
Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Monday night what happened does not appear to be connected to national security, but he called the incident a “horrific attack.”
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups, says Candyce Kelshall, an adjunct professor with the terrorism, risk and security studies program at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, B.C.
She says there have been at least three incidents in Germany in recent years where people have driven cars into groups or buildings, but did not have any connection with Islamic State militants or other terrorist organizations.
Regardless of the motive, it's tough to stop someone from using a vehicle to kill, Kelshall says.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
READ MORE: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
“You can't stop people driving cars or walking on streets,” she says. “It's a difficult to thing to police.”
Vehicles are a popular weapon because they're accessible, says Alex Wilner, an assistant professor with Carleton University's Norman Paterson school of international affairs in Ottawa.
“It's deadly, it's easy and it's cheap. So, if you put the math together, it doesn't take a lot to kill people,” he says.
Cities are increasingly looking for ways to place barriers between vehicles and pedestrians, Wilner says.
In some places, garbage and fire trucks are being put in place at entrances to festivals or markets, he adds.
Similar safety measures were in effect in Toronto on Monday night, with streets closed near the Air Canada Centre where the Maple Leafs were playing an NHL playoff game.
Wilner says several vehicles used in recent attacks have been rentals and there may be some appetite for creating a registry to help prevent similar occurrences. What a registry or database would look like is unclear, he adds.
Mubin Shaikh, an expert on counterterrorism, says he thinks a no rental list would be a reactive measure that would have minimal impact.
If there are restrictions on rentals, people can still borrow or steal vehicles, he notes.
“A criminal will try to take whatever they can, however they can,” he says.
“Will it deter the determined attacker? Probably not.”
Shaikh, who is from Toronto, said he heard about Monday's tragedy after landing at an air force base in Germany where he was scheduled to give a briefing on attacks using vehicles.
“Unfortunately, this is the reality in which we live nowadays,” he said, adding that he's become hyper-vigilant when walking down the street and is constantly looking for cement planters or pillars that he could hide behind if a vehicle jumps the curb.
“At the end of the day, it's impossible (to prevent). We live in an open society and vehicles are in our proximity all the time. That's normal city life.”
Gemma Karstens-Smith, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
© Sipa USA
“GAME OVER,” says Charlie Sheen.
Sheen is suing the National Enquirer for claiming he raped Corey Haim in the 1980s.
Last month the tabloid reported that Charlie assaulted Corey while they were shooting the movie Lucas. Corey was 13 at the time and Charlie was 19.
Charlie tells TMZ, “In my nearly 35 years as a celebrated entertainer, I have been nothing shy of a forthright, noble and valiant courier of the truth. Consistently admitting and owning a laundry list of shortcomings, wrongdoings and indiscretions this traveler hath traveled — however, every man has a breaking point. These radically groundless and unfounded allegations end now. I now take a passionate stand against those who wish to even entertain the sick and twisted lies against me. GAME OVER.”
Corey's mother, as pointed out in the suit, has denied the allegations.
Charlie is also suing actor Dominick Brascia, who is quoted in the article saying Haim told him about the alleged rape.
Arriving at the ASCAP Pop Music Awards on Monday, rocker Alice Cooper said he came to honor the recipient of the night's Founders Award, songwriter Desmond Child, whose songs have been recorded by music superstars such as Katy Perry, Ricky Martin, KISS, Bon Jovi, Aerosmith, Cher and Joan Jett.
“Desmond basically wrote the '80s,” Cooper said of the Songwriting Hall of Famer. “Back then, he wrote for all the ‘hair groups.' You'd get him on the phone and say, ‘Desmond, I need a hit.'”
The event
Alice Cooper, right, onstage at the 35th annual ASCAP Pop Music Awards. Frederick M. Brown / Getty Images for ASCAP
The ASCAP Pop Music Awards (ASCAP is the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers) presented the Founders Award to Child; the Vanguard Award to the members of Portugal. The Man; and the Global Impact Award to Lana Del Rey. Also named were the year's top pop composers and publishers, including Steve Mac, Max Martin, Drew Taggart and Starrah, who all tied for pop music songwriter of the year. Starrah was the first woman so-named since Beyoncé, who received the honor 16 years ago.
The crowd
Kandi Burruss on the red carpet at the 35th annual ASCAP Pop Music Awards at the Beverly Hilton Hotel. Frederick M. Brown / Getty Images for ASCAP
Songwriter Paul Williams, the organization's president, welcomed the by-invitation audience of 750 songwriters, composers, producers and other music insiders including “The Real Housewives of Atlanta” cast member Kandi Burruss and Tameka Harris , both original members of the girl group Xscape; former Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora; Wyclef Jean; and Alex Pall of the Chainsmokers.
The program
In tribute to Del Rey, Father John Misty performed her song “Ride,” after which the pop star proclaimed him her favorite artist. Portugal. The Man sang its hit, “Feel It Still,” and in honor of Child, Cooper sang their hit, “Poison.”
The quotes
The members of Portugal. The Man at the 35th annual ASCAP Pop Music Awards. Frederick M. Brown / Getty Images for ASCAP
“I've been a fan of music my whole life,” said bassist Zach Carothers, expressing thanks on behalf of Portugal. The Man. “I'm from a small town in Alaska, and we were always just listening to music — listening to the artists, but when I got older I realized that it's the songwriters — it's those people that were actually speaking to me my entire life, shaping who I am.”
In presenting the night's biggest award to Child, Paul Stanley of KISS said, “Success is difficult, but sustaining it is almost impossible. Des has 40 years of success, and that says it all. You can read a list of all the artists he's worked with, and it's humbling and inspiring.” He added that the second song he and Child wrote together, “I Was Made for Lovin' You,” remains the biggest KISS hit to this day.
ASCAP Chief Executive Beth Matthews, from left, Desmond Child and Paul Stanley at the 35th annual ASCAP Pop Music Awards. Lester Cohen / Getty Images for ASCAP
“I would not be here tonight if it weren't for Paul Stanley,” said Child, accepting the award. “Paul has been a loyal friend and mentor who taught me [and] KISS Rule No. 1, that ultimately no matter what the critics say human beings only want to hear big fun songs full of hope. … I use those rules for almost everything I've done since then.”
Support our journalism Please consider subscribing today to support stories like this one. Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks. Already a subscriber? Your support makes our work possible. Thank you.
Ellen Olivier is the founder of Society News LA.
image@latimes.com
For fashion news, follow us at @latimesimage on Twitter.
A family near Preston are trying to solve a porker of a mystery after two uninvited guests appeared in their back garden.
Staring back at Neil Cross and his wife were two little pigs, which had somehow made their way into the garden at Hutton.
Neil, 51, a photographer for Evening Post, has no idea where the little animals came from, but he is hoping they can be reunited with their rightful owners.
It is though that the two pigs are adults but because of their small size, Neil believes they might be micro pigs.
The family discovered them at around 5pm today.
Neil said: “It was around teatime and my wife suddenly started screaming excitedly.
“I rushed to the back of the house and saw these two little pink and black pigs.
“They were quite shy at first but after my wife and the children gave them some apples, they were much more friendly.
“There is a busy road near us so I imagine they have just walked down the road and somehow sneaked into our back garden
“They appear to be completely tame and well looked after, so someone somewhere will be missing them.”
Anyone who can help shed light on the mystery and return the pigs to their owners can leave a message post after this story.
Dick's Sporting Goods in Vestal, New York.
File photo
If the gun crowd is avoiding Dick's Sporting Goods because of its newly enacted corporate policies restricting some sales, it isn't showing in the bottom line.
First-quarter earnings and sales were higher, defying the predictions of gun rights advocates who said the company would lose significant business from its decision to ban sales of assault-style weapons and enacting a policy requiring gun buyers to be at least 21 years old. The company also hired a Washington, D.C., lobbyist to push for a federal assault weapons ban.
Dick's rankled the National Rifle Association.
The NRA's Institute for Legislative Action has been especially critical of Dick's moves, especially the hiring of the lobbyists.
"It's entirely possible that the chain realizes it has irrevocably damaged its image among the pro-freedom community, especially with those who take part in outdoor activities," it wrote on its website earlier this month. It went on to say "Dick's new lobbying venture is likely meant to fully embrace anti-gun advocacy at all levels and through whatever means necessary."
Based on the results, Dick's shares surged Wednesday, up 27% to $38.75 in afternoon trading.
Even Chief Executive Ed Stack was unsure in February how the new policies would affect sales, but warned that some buyers could avoid the store for outdoor and other equipment in the wake of its widely publicized action following the school shootings in Parkland, Florida.
In comments on an earnings conference call, Stack said benefits outweighed the drawbacks. Indeed, hunting sales declined at the stores, but other shoppers who are supporters of the policy have become customers.
"There's definitely been some benefits from people who have joined us because of the policy," Stack said.
Net income in the first quarter was up 3 percent on a 5 percent increase in sales, the company reported on Wednesday.
"Our strong first-quarter earnings reflect improved execution against our merchandising strategy, which results in higher merchandise margins," Stack said in a prepared release. "Product newness, strength in our private brands and a more refined assortment led to a much healthier business, with fewer promotions and cleaner inventory throughout the quarter."
More: With 'moral courage,' Starbucks workers take part in emotional training to avoid racial bias
More: Fiat Chrysler warns 4.8M Jeep, Dodge, Chrysler and Ram owners to not use cruise control
More: Saks Fifth Avenue bets 'magic mirrors,' face workouts to beat Sephora and Ulta
The better results come even as others predicted Dick's, which started as a single store on Binghamton's East Side in 1948, would continue to suffer under pressure from online retailing behemoth Amazon.
The company said online sales increased by 24 percent in the first quarter as it recently realigned its online strategy, bringing the operation in-house after dispatching that segment to a third party for several years. In the first quarter, online sales accounted for 11 percent of overall sales, mainly in footwear and apparel, up from 9 percent a year ago.
First-quarter net income was $60.1 million, 59 cents a share, on sales of $1.9 billion, compared with net income of $58.2 million, 52 cents a share, on sales of $1.8 billion for the same period one year ago.
Same-store sales — sales at stores open for more than a year and a key measure of retailing health — fell by 2.5% compared to the same period one year ago.
The results topped Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 12 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 42 cents per share.
The company opened eight new stores in the first quarter, compared to not a single new store opening in the fourth quarter and 25 new stores in the first quarter of 2017. The Pittsburgh-based company now was 724 stores operating under the Dick's brand and 129 stores operating under the Field & Stream and Golf Galaxy brands, with total retail space of 42.1 million square feet.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
Follow Jeff Platsky on Twitter @JeffPlatsky
Dick's Distribution Center Grand Opening in Conklin Chairman and CEO Edward Stack speaks at the grand opening. 01 / 19 Chairman and CEO Edward Stacks speaks at the grand opening. 01 / 19
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Rams left tackle Andrew Whitworth stood at his locker as reporters approached him, one after another.
When there were no reporters left, a public relations official handed Whitworth a phone. On the other end of the line, another reporter.
And finally, after practice, workouts and meetings, Whitworth connected with a final reporter as he drove his SUV away from the Rams facility in Thousand Oaks.
Whitworth laughed through a slight crackle in a bluetooth connection when asked if he's ever been so popular with the media.
“I've had it happen before,” he said. “When we don't play well.”
That's not the case these days.
The Rams are 3-1, and in first place in the NFC West as they prepare to face the 2-2 Seattle Seahawks on Sunday at the Coliseum.
The Rams offense ranks first in points scored, averaging 35.5 per game, and fifth in yards, averaging 383.3. Quarterback Jared Goff has completed 67% of his passes, seven for touchdowns, with only one interception. And running back Todd Gurley has scored seven touchdowns, rushed for more than 100 yards in consecutive games, and ranks second in the league in total yards from scrimmage with 596.
The offensive line is getting credit.
“Can't stress enough how important they've been to our success so far,” said Goff, who has only been sacked four times this season. “And how important they will be to any future success we'll have.”
Said Gurley: “Those guys have been doing an incredible job … Just blocking, pass protecting, just opening up lanes for me … they've been working hard.”
Last season, the offensive line carried the burden as the team stumbled to a 4-12 finish. Goff was sacked 26 times in seven starts and Gurley was unable to gain 100 yards in a single game.
“We've definitely grown from last year,” right guard Jamon Brown said.
New coaches have sparked improvement, along with addition of new players and a new scheme.
“The room and the whole team in general has been more accountable,” left guard Rodger Saffold said. “Guys have really been working the technique diligently and I think, after last year, you just see guys working harder.”
Offensive line coach Aaron Kromer has provided a positive impact in meetings, particularly in film breakdown after games. Kromer critiques performances, then emphasizes how players can improve.
“He's really good about getting us into a greater understanding of defensive schemes, defensive fronts, where guys are going and why,” right tackle Rob Havenstein said.
The Rams signed center John Sullivan, a ninth-year pro, to a free-agent contract with the hope that he would aid in the development of Goff. Quarterbacks and their centers have special relationships, and Sullivan can answer any question he has.
And Whitworth, a 35-year-old, 12th-year pro, was brought in to protect Goff's blindside and provide leadership for a position group — and a locker room — that spent last season looking for direction.
According to coaches and teammates, Whitworth has delivered.
“He plays well himself,” Kromer said, “but he also helps the other guys just understanding the game plan and understand what they need to get done.”
Said rookie tight end Gerald Everett: “He comes in day in and day out and does his job to his fullest capability. I'm just trying to become that.”
Between plays, Whitworth approaches teammates to provide direction, tips and encouragement. Between series, he works the sideline to keep the offense loose.
“He's given us different things to think about coming out of a series,” Brown said. “Going into the next one, he's always got some points as a group.”
For Whitworth, it's not about earning extra credit or praise. He wants to provide young teammates with wisdom he's gathered through a long career, with hope it will elevate the team.
“You see guys that have been in the league for a long time and have taken that opportunity to not only make their game better but to make the people around them better,” Whitworth said. “And to help them know things that maybe you wish you had known.”
Kromer said the goal of his group was to go unnoticed.
“If they don't know we're out there, then we're doing well,” he said.
And Whitworth was cautiously optimistic about the 3-1 start.
“It's great,” he said. “It's cool when the O-line gets the chance to get some notoriety. But the real thing is that NFL football is quick to humble you.”
CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. CAPTION The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. CAPTION Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. CAPTION Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs. Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs.
lindsey.thiry@latimes.com
Follow Lindsey Thiry on Facebook and Twitter @LindseyThiry
UNC-Chapel Hill did not apply their own policy to the incident. The Campus Police clearly did not take appropriate action, nor did the Orange County DA.
In North Carolina the victim can press charges on her own. Which is what she did. She may only press misdemeanor charges .
She followed all protocols followed all the steps and there was not as much as a hearing. What exactly has to happen before the University and the community take rape seriously?
Hardik Pandya plays a shot during the second day of the third Test against Sri Lanka. (Getty Images)
Jammu: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti on Monday held meetings with locals in Doda district for over 15 hours, in one of the longest public interactions in recent times by a leader, officials said.
Mufti, who reached Doda on Sunday on the second leg of her three-day tour of Chenab valley region, started grievances redressal camp at 10.30 am which continued till late in the night, a government spokesperson said in an official statement.
The last deputation which met her past midnight at around 1.40 am came from Palmas area of Doda and demanded construction of a footpath and connecting the area with the circular road of the town.
Around 100 deputations met Mufti during her public outreach programme and given the large number of people and their demands, it continued past midnight making it one of the longest interactions in the state in recent times, it said.
According to the statement, the grievances redressal camps convened by the chief minister generally extend up to late in the evenings.
The camp at Kishtwar on Saturday which started at 11 am ended at 11.30 pm with a deputation from Drabshalla bringing their problems to her notice, it added.
By Marcin Goclowski and Pawel Sobczak
WARSAW (Reuters) - A long-running dispute between Poland and the European Union over democratic values escalated on Wednesday when new legislation came into force that requires about a third of judges at the Supreme Court to retire.
The EU accuses Poland's ruling right-wing Law and Justice party (PiS) of trying to control the judiciary and subvert democratic standards. Warsaw says the changes are needed to free the judiciary of communist-era thinking and practices.
The president of the Supreme Court, Malgorzata Gersdorf, defied the new law on Wednesday morning by going to her office as usual, to applause from hundreds of supporters who chanted "constitution" and sang the Polish national anthem.
"My presence here is not about politics, I am here to protect the rule of law," she told reporters.
Gersdorf is 65, the age at which judges are now required to retire, but a constitutional law expert said she met the conditions to remain in place until her six-year term has expired. Gersdorf became Supreme Court president in 2014.
"The law cannot work retroactively. So this legislation... is clearly unconstitutional... and could lead to paralysis at the Supreme Court," said the expert, Marek Chmaj.
Addressing the European Parliament on Wednesday in Strasbourg, Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki defended his government's overhaul of the judiciary.
"Each EU state has the right to shape their legal system according to their own traditions," he said, adding that the EU should focus on external challenges and not wage a "campaign" against the democratically elected government of a member state.
PROTESTS
EU lawmakers gave Morawiecki a rough reception. Maltese lawmaker Roberta Metsola said the judicial reforms were about "consolidating (government) control by weakening the institutions designed to keep you in check".
After staging protests on Tuesday outside the Supreme Court, Polish pro-democracy activists have vowed to hold more rallies around the country on Wednesday.
Lech Walesa, a Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and former president credited with bringing down Polish communism in 1989, was expected to address a rally in Warsaw on Wednesday evening.
"We are moving towards a dictatorship," said Joanna Tworog, a 65-year-old webmaster in the crowd supporting Gersdorf.
"What if I have a court case against someone from PiS and they can influence judges? These changes affect me personally."
Through legislation and personnel changes, PiS has already taken de facto control of much of the judicial system since taking power in 2015, including the constitutional court and prosecutors, who now report directly to the justice minister.
Critics at home and abroad say the ruling party's policies, which also include tighter control of public media, amount to a shift towards authoritarian rule.
The conflict has isolated Poland in Europe, where most governments are critical, while also exposing the EU's inability to rein in governments it believes contradict core EU values.
The European Commission opened a fresh legal case against Poland over the Supreme Court changes on Monday, saying they undermine judicial independence in the largest ex-communist EU member state.
Warsaw faces the theoretical threat of losing its voting rights in the EU under a procedure launched late last year in response to the reforms. But Hungary, also facing criticism over democratic standards, has pledged to block such a move.
The PiS government says EU treaties do not give Brussels institutions the power to influence national matters such as the judiciary.
"The court system ... is an entirely internal matter," PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski was quoted as saying by Gazeta Polska newsweekly in an article published on Wednesday.
The party's standing in polls has held steady at around 40 percent throughout the dispute, well above any other rival.
(Writing by Justyna Pawlak and Agnieszka Barteczko; Editing by Gareth Jones)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Netflix sent out a tweet Sunday that roasted a subset of its most devoted users over an open fire: those who are obsessively watching its heavily promoted holiday movie "A Christmas Prince." The snarky tweet got some laughs, but it has also stirred up some backlash — and made some of the people consider just how closely Netflix Inc. is monitoring its subscribers.
"To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you?" the tweet said.
Although the tweet was clearly intended as a joke, it didn't sit well with some customers who found the message "creepy."
"This is amazing. Except for the 'watching us like big brother' part," one Twitter user wrote in reply.
Of course, Netflix users should expect the company to know what they're watching and how frequently they watch it. How else could the company come up with super-specialized recommendations? But what seems to have struck a nerve is that Netflix is using information to share viewing habits publicly.
The tone of the message is also drawing criticism. Netflix, after all, produced and promoted the movie, which is in the vein of an uplifting, unapologetically cheery Hallmark film. Shaming its subscribers, even in jest, for watching a feel-good film didn't sit well with everyone. One user even compared the tweet to "bullying."
Many other reactions were lighter, with several people taking the opportunity to say that Netflix itself was hurting them — either by pulling their favorite shows or offering a disappointing selection.
Netflix has kept up the snark in its replies, though the person running the account has also reassured some users that their viewing habits aren't worth public shaming. The Los Gatos, Calif., company didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the reaction to the tweet, which as of midday Monday had been retweeted about 72,000 times and liked 280,000 times and had drawn more than 4,000 replies.
The tweet was very similar to a campaign that music-streaming service Spotify ran last year, in which it shared insights from consumer data — not naming its users, but sometimes noting individual accounts. For example, the campaign called out a single user with a billboard that said: "Dear person who made a playlist called: 'One-Night Stand With Jeb Bush Like He's a Bond Girl in a European Casino,' We have so many questions."
Marketing messages like this don't violate companies' privacy policies, said Bradley Shear, a lawyer specializing in privacy and social media. Netflix is sharing viewing information, but not in specific ways — it's not publicly naming a user who is watching "A Christmas Prince" on repeat.
Still, Shear said, the surprise over the tweet is a reminder that people aren't always fully aware of what they're agreeing to when they click "accept" on a company's terms and conditions.
"People really need to become more cognizant of what data companies are collecting," Shear said.
CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? CAPTION An explosive device exploded near Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday, injuring four people and snarling Manhattan transit, authorities said. Mayor Bill de Blasio described it as a terrorist act. An explosive device exploded near Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday, injuring four people and snarling Manhattan transit, authorities said. Mayor Bill de Blasio described it as a terrorist act. CAPTION President Trump says he didn't ask James Comey to stop investigating Michael Flynn. The investigation into the 2016 election is shining new light on the president's son-in-law. President Trump reduced the size of two national monuments in southern Utah. A Supreme Court ruling gave President Trump a significant victory Monday. Four major fires erupted in Southern California. President Trump is expected to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. President Trump says he didn't ask James Comey to stop investigating Michael Flynn. The investigation into the 2016 election is shining new light on the president's son-in-law. President Trump reduced the size of two national monuments in southern Utah. A Supreme Court ruling gave President Trump a significant victory Monday. Four major fires erupted in Southern California. President Trump is expected to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. CAPTION Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17, 2017 at an event in Florence, Ala. Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17, 2017 at an event in Florence, Ala. CAPTION Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. Why are wildfires erupting across Southern California? LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have hired an agent and will try to play professional basketball abroad. About 300 L.A. County sheriff's deputies are on the Brady list. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. Why are wildfires erupting across Southern California? LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have hired an agent and will try to play professional basketball abroad. About 300 L.A. County sheriff's deputies are on the Brady list.
Tsukayama writes for the Washington Post.
ADVERTISEMENT
Even royal weddings, expensive and grand as they are, don't always go well. And it's extra unfortunate for the royals in question, as their wedding days end up going down in the annals of history. Because of how much the world loves a good royal wedding, these 20 stories of disaster (or near-disaster) have been remembered. Some of them for hundreds of years! And… no, the actual marriages didn't always work out either.
20. Diana got Charles' name wrong at their wedding
It's true that Prince Charles has a lot of names to remember – that's often the case with royalty. But you'd have thought she'd have got his first name right. Instead, she called him “Philip Charles Arthur George” at the altar, instead of “Charles Philip Arthur George.” The media put it down to feeling nervous on her marriage day, but considering that their relationship ended up a very unhappy one, perhaps it was an omen.
ADVERTISEMENT
19. Queen Elizabeth's tiara broke
Even the future queen had a wedding-day disaster. As she was preparing for her wedding to Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten, which would be broadcast on radio and no doubt photographed, her tiara snapped in half. But all was not lost! The tiara was hurried (guarded by police) to a jewelry house, where it was fixed just in time for the walk down the aisle.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Autistic boy learns to speak with equine therapy
A 6-year-old boy with autism gained tools to communicate with the help of equine therapy.
Reporter: Hayley Milon
Writer: Rachel Ravina
On the 70th Independence Day of India on Tuesday, search engine giant Google displayed an artistic doodle.The doodle includes a motif of Indian Parliament, a symbolic wheel for the Ashok Chakra and India's national bird peacock, all submerged in shades of saffron, green, white and blue.The word "Google" is displayed across the Parliament House, made out of ribbons of the Indian tricolour."A unique paper-cut art style has been used to create a Doodle fit for the bold and colorful celebration of today's events. The Parliament House depicted commemorates this day, this movement, and this triumph of independence," Google said in a statement.The special doodle has been designed and created by Mumbai-based artist Sabeena Karnik.On last Independence day, Google had dedicated a doodle to the historic "Tryst with Destiny" speech of the country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru.Previously, the Red Fort, various versions of the Indian flag, Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi March and Indian postage stamps have been incorporated in Google's Independence Day doodles for India.
Muslim civil rights group blasted President Donald Trump and his administration Monday, saying his words and policies led to a sharp increase in attacks and bias against Muslims in 2017.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations said Monday the number of reported anti-Muslim hate crimes and reported incidents of discrimination, bullying, harassment and other acts of anti-Muslim bias both jumped 15 percent last year. The group blames the increase on the president, particularly his push to ban immigrants from several Muslim-majority countries. The ban now includes Iran, Libya, Somalia, Syria and Yemen, along with non-Muslim North Korea and some Venezuelan officials. It originally also included Iraq.
The report says "Trump's xenop
hobic rhetoric ... emboldened those who sought to express their anti-Muslim bias and provided a veneer of legitimacy to bigotry."
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Trump has said the goal of the ban is to "keep radical Islamic terrorists out." "We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and love deeply our people," the Republican president added as he signed the order days after his January 2017 inauguration.
The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments Wednesday on whether the ban is constitutional.
CAIR said the number of anti-Muslim hate crimes reported jumped from 260 in 2016 to 300 in 2017 while the incidents of anti-Muslim bias rose from 2,213 to 2,599.
Wilfredo Ruiz, a CAIR spokesman, and CAIR attorney Omar Saleh conceded that some of the increase might be attributable to the Washington-based group getting better at documenting incidents and Muslims being more likely to report abuse. But they said there also has been an increase in attacks on mosques and Islamic centers since Trump began speaking about Muslims during the 2016 campaign. Such incidents have always been recorded, he said. "Targeting an entire group of people on how they worship God is contrary to our shared American values," Ruiz said. "American Muslims share the same American values and freedoms all cherish and deserve the same opportunities as we are all Americans."
CAIR said many anti-Muslim attackers cite Trump during their assaults. For example, a traveler kicked and cursed a Muslim employee at New York's Kennedy Airport in March 2017. The employee, who was wearing a Muslim head covering, recalled him saying, "Trump is here now. He will get rid of all of you. You can ask Germany, Belgium and France about these kinds of people. You see what happens." The man was apparently referring to terror attacks carried out by Muslim terrorists in those countries.
In another case, a man threw rocks at a Muslim family's home near Chicago, also in March 2017, yelling, "Open the door, I want to kill you." When police asked him why he did it, he told them, "That's what Trump would do."
Chicago: A father whose three daughters say they were sexually abused by Larry Nassar lunged at the disgraced former USA Gymnastics doctor in a Michigan courtroom Friday, bringing his sentencing hearing to an abrupt halt while order was restored.
The disruption came on the last day of victim impact statements before Nassar — already condemned to spend dozens of years behind bars on child sex abuse and pornography charges — hears his final sentence on Monday.
At least 265 female athletes — including several Olympic gold medalists in gymnastics — have claimed the 54-year-old Nassar abused them over a period of two decades.
The disruption came as dozens of more women confronted Nassar and told the Charlotte court of the sexual abuse they suffered under the guise of medical treatment.
Randall Margraves hurled himself toward Nassar after two of his daughters spoke about their abuse. A third daughter had given a statement in a separate hearing about a week ago.
Margraves asked the judge to "grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon."
The comment at first elicited chuckles in the courtroom, but Margraves then lunged towards the defence table. Three sheriff's deputies tackled him and Nassar was removed from the courtroom.
"I want that son of a b***h!" Margraves yelled as he was being handcuffed.
The hearing later resumed with an appeal for calm from Judge Janice Cunningham.
Margraves are arrested but quickly released.
"I'm embarrassed. I'm not here to upstage my daughters," he told the judge. "I lost control. I apologize a hundred times."
Under a plea agreement over the final set of charges, Nassar could receive an additional 25 to 40 years in prison from Cunningham.
'My heart goes out to you'
Cunningham, expressing sympathy, did not impose a fine or jail sentence on Margraves.
"My heart goes full out to you and your family, because of what you've gone through," the judge said.
Margraves explained that he did not know in advance what his daughters were going to say in court and was overcome with emotion.
"I gotta hear that and I look over here and Larry Nassar is shaking his head 'no,' like it didn't happen," he said.
Within hours, an online fundraiser had raised more than $12,000 for Margraves.
'Her quiet tears'
Several other parents also addressed the court, speaking of their anguish at failing to protect their children.
A father who asked to remain anonymous said his daughter had initially refused to come forward "because she did not want me to feel sorry for what happened."
"I'm so sorry, my princess," he said.
Lynn Erickson said her daughter Ashley was treated by Nassar for 17 years until August 2016, when assault accusations first became public.
"When I see her quiet tears, it breaks my heart," Erickson said as her daughter stood crying behind her.
The victim statements ended, as they had during the first sentencing, with the words of Rachael Denhollander — the first to publicly accuse Nassar of abuse.
"He devastated children and he devastated families," she said, asking the judge for the maximum sentence possible.
Gymnastics team coordinator out
The Nassar case has triggered a wave of upheaval in the gymnastics world.
Valeri Liukin — the father of 2008 US gold medalist Nastia Liukin — on Friday became the latest to exit USA Gymnastics, abruptly resigning as coordinator of the US national women's team.
The "present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty," he said.
Also on Friday, the Michigan attorney general's office said state investigators entered Michigan State University unannounced, looking for "physical items assigned to William Strampel," the former head of the department where Nassar worked.
FAIRBURY, IL – May 30, 2018 – The World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series will have to wait another week before making its much-anticipated inaugural visit to Fairbury American Legion Speedway (FALS), as Mother Nature has forced the Series to reschedule the FVP Platinum Battery Showdown to Tuesday, June 5.
Heavy rain saturated the Illinois facility Wednesday morning and with more imminent impending weather, the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series, Fairbury American Legion Speedway and the POWRi WAR Sprints have made the decision to postpone tonight's event for the safety of fans, drivers and teams.
All parties involved were in agreement with this decision and the Tuesday, June 5 event will feature the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series and the POWRi WAR Sprints.
All reserved tickets will be good for the rescheduled date and any questions should be directed to 844-DIRT-TIX during normal business hours. The World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series continues its 40th Anniversary Friday, June 1 at I-96 Speedway in Lake Odessa, Michigan before heading to Wisconsin to run the Badger 40 at Wilmot Raceway.
German National Championships and World Championships Trials
The 129th German National Championships kicks off today in Berlin. The championships are also the qualification competition for the World Championships in Hungary in July.
The athletes must reach nomination standards in prelims and finals and only Olympic events are relevant for the World Championships (without the newly added events for the 2020 Olympic Games).
German head coach Henning Lambertz said that he expects only a few participants because the German nomination standards are really tough. The German Swimming Federation gives an extra chance to youngsters, born 1995 or later, with special qualifying times.
Only two swimmers were able to crack the nomination times today: Poul Zellmann swam a lifetime best in the 400 m freestyle in 3:47,68. Poul hits with his result the required nomination time for swimmers born 1995 or later. And he now sits on the 15th position in the current world ranking.
Also a lifetime best came from Fabian Schwingenschlögel, a German student-athlete at the University of Missouri (USA). Fabian finished in 1:00,04. In today's final, he must again swim a personal best time to make it into the German roster for Budapest: 59,45 are the goal.
200m breaststroke world champion Marco Koch started in the 100m distance, finished third in prelims in 1:00,79. Koch said that he has changed a lot in his training recently and hasn't participated in as much competions as he did in the previous years, he and has added more strength training. He feels good, he said at the opening press conference, but can't estimate how fast he can go.
Many German top swimmers retired in 2016 like Paul Biedermann and Steffen Deibler.
Dorothea Brandt, Germany's fastest 50m freestyle lady over the last years, suffered a shoulder injury and now undergoes rehabilition.
Alexandra Wenk, who is the German record holder in the 100 m butterfly and 200 m IM, doesn't participate because of a training deficit, she also had shoulder problems. She is focussing on the 2020 Olympic Games.
And 22-year old Florian Vogel, one of Germany's most promising swimmers, retired just before this German National Championships last Friday.
The 129th German Championships takes place in Berlin until Sunday and starts today with prelims in the morning:
Women's 50m butterfly, prelims
German National Record: 00:26, 02 Dorothea Brandt SG Essen
(not possible to qualify for World Championships)
Aliena Schmidtke, who is a former student at the Ohio State University, was very close to Dorothea Brandt's German record with her time of 26,07.
A-finalists:
1. Aliena Schmidtke 1992 SC Magdeburg 00:26,07 2. Jessica Steiger 1992 VFL Gladbeck 1921 00:26,81 3. Anna Dietterle 1997 Wasserfreunde Spandau 04 00:26,91 4. Maya Tobehn 2002 Berliner TSC 00:27,05 5. Lisa Höpink 1998 SG Essen 00:27,37 6. Olivia Wrobel 1998 SG Neukölln Berlin 00:27,54 7. Karolin Kuhlmann 1995 SC Steinhagen-Amshausen 00:27,63 8. Angelina Köhler 2000 W98 Hannover 00:27,69
Men's 50m butterfly, prelims
German National Record 00:23,02 Steffen Deibler Hamburger SV
(not possible to qualify for World Championships)
A-finalists:
1. Damian Wierling 1996 SG Essen 00:23,93 2. Jonas Bergmann 1995 SG Osnabrück 00:24,14 3. Marius Kusch 1993 Deutscher Schwimm-Verband 00:24,29 4. Luca Nik Armbruster 2001 SG Dortmund 00:24,42 5. Johannes Tesch 1997 SV Halle / Saale 00:24,48 6. Alexander Kunert 1996 SV Gelnhausen 00:24,49 7. Paulus Schön 1998 SC Chemnitz von 1892 00:24,63 8. Stefano Razeto 1986 Erster Offenbacher SC 00:24,64
Women's 400m freestyle, prelims
German National Record 04 :05 ,84 Anke Möhring SC Magdeburg
Qualification time – open: Prelims 4:04,36
Qualification time U23 (Born 1995 or later): Prelims 4:10,57
(Times must be reached in prelims)
A-finalists:
1. Sarah Köhler 1994 SG Frankfurt 04:10,24 2. Johanna Friedrich 1995 SC Magdeburg 04:11,22 3. Leonie Kullmann 1999 SG Neukölln Berlin 04:12,17 4. Isabel Marie Gose 2002 Potsdamer SV 04:16,65 5. Jeannette Spiwoks 1998 SG Essen 04:19,88 6. Lil Zyprian 1998 SV Nikar Heidelberg 04:20,20 7. Rosalie Käthner 1997 SC Wasserfreunde Fulda 04:22,24 8. Patricia-Lucia Wartenberg 1996 W98 Hannover 04:23,95
Men's 400m freestyle, prelims
German National Record 03:40,07 Paul Biedermann SV Halle/Saale (also World record and European record)
Qualification time – open: Prelims 3:45,43
Qualification time U23 (Born 1995 or later): Prelims 3:48,15
(Times must be reached in prelims)
Poul Zellmann participated in all stops of the 2016 FINA World Cup and one reason was that he wants to learn to control his nervousness before big finals. Today he was focussed, concentrated and fast enough with a personal best time at the right time.
1. Poul Zellmann 1995 SG Essen 03:47,68 2. Henning Mühlleitner 1997 SV Schwäbisch Gmünd 03:48,34 3. Clemens Rapp 1989 Neckarsulmer Sport-Union 03:48,77 4. Florian Wellbrock 1997 SC Magdeburg 03:49,67 5. Fynn Minuth 1997 SG Bayer 03:51,00 6. Max Nowosad 1995 SG Stadtwerke München 03:55,00 7. Moritz Brandt 1998 SG Essen 03:55,09 8. Daniel Kober 1997 SSG Saar Max Ritter 03:56,18
Women's 200m breaststroke, prelims
German National Record 02:25,33 Birte Steven AM TV-FTV Hamburg
Qualification times – open: Prelims/Finals 2:26,58/2:22,87
Qualification times U23 (Born 1995 or later): Prelims/Finals 2:25,91/2:25,18
The fastest woman in this season was Jessica Steiger in 2:25,84 (personal best time) but to make it into the World Championships team she must improve her time by nearly 3 seconds. At yesterday's opening press conference she said that she won't reach this time but that she will attack the German record (2:25,33).
1. Vanessa Grimberg 1993 SV Region Stuttgart 0.72 02:27,60 (A) 00:33,40 01:10,86 01:48,85 02:27,60
2. Jessica Steiger 1992 VFL Gladbeck 1921 0.70 02:28,12 (A) 00:33,44 01:10,86 01:48,57 02:28,12
3. Anna Kroniger 2000 SV Blau-Weiß Bochum 0.69 02:30,59 (A) 00:34,10 01:12,14 01:51,23 02:30,59
4. Franziska Weidner 1996 SG Mittelfranken 0.75 02:32,18 (A) 00:34,94 01:13,05 01:52,70 02:32,18
5. Helena Zink 1999 SG Gotha-Arnstadt (G) 0.75 02:34,65 (A) 00:34,38 01:13,94 01:54,31 02:34,65
6. Michelle Lambert 1994 SG Essen 0.75 02:34,66 (A) 00:34,61 01:13,43 01:53,46 02:34,66
7. Noa Hörster 2000 SG Essen 0.77 02:34,67 (A) 00:35,25 01:14,48 01:54,49 02:34,67
8. Phillis Michelle Range 1999 TWG 1861 Göttingen 0.71 02:34,69 (A) 00:34,65 01:14,10 01:54,54 02:34,69
Men's 100m breaststroke, prelims
German National Record 00:59,15 Hendrik Feldwehr SG Essen
Qualification times – open: Prelims/Finals 1:00,26/0:59,45
Qualification times U23 (Born 1995 or later): Prelims/Finals 1:00,35/1:00,05
Fabian Schwingenschlögel in absolutely fine shape cracked the prelims qualification time. In tonight's final, he has the chance to qualify for his first big international swim meet, the World Championships.
1. Fabian Schwingenschlögl 1991 1.FCN Schwimmen 01:00,04 2. Christian vom Lehn 1992 SG Bayer 01:00,44 3. Marco Koch 1990 DSW 1912 Darmstadt 01:00,79 4. Wassili Kuhn 1999 Potsdamer SV 01:01,74 5. Max Pilger 1996 SG Essen 01:01,82 6. Klemens Degenhardt 1994 SV Würzburg 05 01:02,19 7. Philipp Brandt 1999 W98 Hannover 01:02,62 8. Ruben Reck 1996 W98 Hannover 01:02,73
Women's 400m IM, prelims
German National Record 04:36,10 Petra Schneider SC Karl-Marx-Stadt
Qualification time – open: Prelims 4:36,54
Qualification time U23 (Born 1995 or later): Prelims 4:43,06
(Times must be reached in prelims)
Youngster Julia Mrozinski set the fastest time, not near the qualification time but the young Lady will start at the Junior World Championships.
A-finalists:
1. Julia Mrozinski 2000 SGS Hamburg 04:47,23 2. Kathrin Demler 1996 SG Essen 04:49,39 3. Juliane Reinhold 1994 SSG Leipzig 04:51,07 4. Martina van Berkel 1989 SV Nikar Heidelberg 04:51,74 5. Maya Tobehn 2002 Berliner TSC 04:52,13 6. Josephine Tesch 1999 Berliner TSC 04:56,43 7. Alina Hennl 1996 SV Würzburg 05 04:56,51 8. Antonia Haupt 1998 SG Berliner Wasserratten 04:58,85
Men's 100m backstroke, prelims
German National Record 00:52,27 Helge Meeuw SG Frankfurt
Qualification times – open: Prelims/Finals 0:53,99/0:53,34
Qualification times U23 (Born 1995 or later): Prelims/Finals 0:54,06/0:53,79
The 2016 Olympic finalist in the 100m backstroke, Jan-Philip Glania, has a training deficit because of an injury and wasn't able to reach the required time.
1. Jan-Philip Glania 1988 SG Frankfurt 00:54,41 2. Marek Ulrich 1997 SV Halle / Saale 00:54,66 3. Christian Diener 1993 Potsdamer SV 00:54,77 4. Ole Braunschweig 1997 SG Neukölln Berlin 00:55,11 5. Andreas Wiesner 1994 SG Stadtwerke München 00:55,37 6. Alexander Görzen 1994 TuS Wagenfeld 00:55,69 7. Carl Louis Schwarz 1995 Potsdamer SV 00:56,53 8. Felix Wolf 1989 Potsdamer SV 00:56,80
You see all times in the sheet – some standards for the World Championships are faster than the current German national records.
Fatal crash closes westbound Alico Road in south Fort Myers
A fatal crash is blocking westbound lanes on Alico Road at Gator Road in south Fort Myers.
The crash happened shortly after 2 p.m. and is expected to be closed west of Lee Road for several hours according to FHP.
This story will be updated as information becomes available.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street indexes closed higher on Monday and the biggest drivers were technology and energy sectors as oil prices rose and investors waited for an expected U.S. Federal Reserve rate hike later in the week. Technology stocks were back in favour with the biggest boost from Apple Inc (AAPL.O) as investors eyed a continuation of strong fundamentals in the sector. “Investors are a little exhausted from the rise of the market and making sector moves,” said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey. “They're not willing to commit a whole lot of new money at these levels but they're rotating a bit. Some of it is year-end tax planning.” Traders, waiting for the Fed's two-day rate setting meeting to begin on Tuesday, see an 85-percent probability for a 25 basis point hike to the Fed funds rate target and a 15-percent chance of a 50 basis point hike, which would be the third rate hike this year, according to CME Group's Fedwatch tool. “Valuations are getting to the point where even good news on the economy might pose some additional risks to the market. There's the risk that good news for the economy may be bad news for markets because the Fed is at the cusp of a level of tightening that could dampen growth,” said Mark Heppenstall, CIO at Penn Mutual Asset Management in Horsham, Pennsylvania. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 56.87 points, or 0.23 percent, to 24,386.03, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 8.49 points, or 0.32 percent, to 2,659.99 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 35.00 points, or 0.51 percent, to 6,875.08. Most of the 11 major S&P sectors ended higher, with the biggest boost from a 0.8 percent gain in information technology stocks .SPLRCT. The S&P energy .SPNY index rose 0.71 percent as oil prices rose after a North Sea pipeline shut for repairs. The S&P's financial .SPSY and industrial .SPLRCI sectors were the benchmark's only decliners for the day with losses of around 0.2 percent. Traders work inside a post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., December 6, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidHealthcare investors focused on makers of drugs for blood disorders after clinical data presentations at the annual American Society of Hematology four-day meeting in Atlanta. Shares of Bluebird Bio (BLUE.O) closed up 17.9 percent at $201.8, after hitting a record high of $222.03, following news of positive responses in an early stage myeloma study of its experimental gene-modifying immunotherapy drug co-developed with Celgene (CELG.O). Celgene's shares rose 1.8 percent. Interest in the surge in digital currency bitcoin and the Sunday debut of futures trading in the cryptocurrency continued to fuel bets on related stocks. Shares of Marathon Patent (MARA.O) rose 42.9 percent while Xunlei (XNET.O) climbed 29.4 percent. Riot Blockchain (RIOT.O) rose about 45.5 percent. The equity market appeared to shrug off an early morning explosion that officials called an attempted terrorist attack at one of New York's busiest commuter hubs. The suspect wounded himself and three others. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.18-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.14-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 84 new highs and 55 new lows. More than 5.85 billion shares changed hands on U.S. stock exchanges compared with the 6.5 billion average for the last 20 sessions.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Share:
Tripoli - A new shipwreck off the Libyan coast has left 63 people missing in the latest disaster to hit migrants seeking to cross the Mediterranean.
The group is feared drowned after the inflatable boat they were on sank, a spokesman for Libya's navy General Ayoub Kacem told AFP, citing eyewitness accounts from survivors.
Kacem said that 41 people wearing life jackets were rescued. "The coast guards did not find bodies in the area," he said. According to survivors, there were 104 people on board the vessel, which sank off Garaboulli, east of Tripoli.
In the last few months, this area has become the main point of departure for inflatable boats overloaded with migrants seeking to make the perilous crossing of the Mediterranean to Italy.
In addition to the 41 people rescued, a Libyan coastguard boat returned to Tripoli Monday with another 235 migrants, including 54 infants and 29 women, rescued in two other operations in the same area.
The boat's return to shore was delayed 24 hours due to a breakdown, Kacem said.
Including the latest shipwreck, some 170 migrants have gone missing in the Mediterranean between Friday and Sunday. On Friday, three babies died off the coast of Libya while 100 people remained missing in another Mediterranean shipwreck.
Just 16 were rescued, all young men, while the missing included two babies and three children under the age of 12. More than 1,000 people have died in the Mediterranean so far this year, according to International Organization for Migration figures.
"There is an alarming increase in deaths at sea off Libya Coast," said IOM Libya Chief of Mission Othman Belbeisi. "Smugglers are exploiting the desperation of migrants to leave before there are further crackdowns on Mediterranean crossings by Europe," he said in a statement.
Last week, Kacem warned of an increase in departures ahead of a feared closure of European borders, after Rome closed Italian ports to NGO rescue ships.
More than 1,000 migrants have been rescued or intercepted by Libyan coastguards since Friday.
Once they are back on dry land, the migrants are transferred by Libyan authorities to detention centers.
IOM's director general, William Lacy Swing, said he was travelling to Tripoli this week to "see firsthand the conditions of migrants who have been rescued as well as those returned to shore by the Libya Coast Guard."
"IOM is determined to ensure that the human rights of all migrants are respected as together we all make efforts to stop the people smuggling trade, which is so exploitative of migrants," he said in a statement.
Libya is a key transit point for thousands of African migrants trying to reach European shores.
When Moamer Kadhafi ran Libya, before he was overthrown and killed in 2011, thousands of migrants would cross Libya's long southern border in a bid to make it to the coast and cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
The situation has deteriorated since Kadhafi's fall, with traffickers exploiting the chaos that engulfed the country and tens of thousands of migrants seeking to make the crossing to Italy, which is 300 kilometers from the Libyan coast.
Hundreds of migrants die every year on the journey.
On Friday, after weeks of high tensions over the issue, the European Union's 28 members hammered out a hard-fought deal to tackle migration and avert a crisis that has threatened the very fabric of the bloc.
At a summit in Brussels, leaders agreed to consider setting up "disembarkation platforms" outside the EU, most likely in North Africa, in a bid to discourage migrants and refugees boarding EU-bound smuggler boats. But analysts warn that the accord is more of a face-saving move for leaders on the front line of the migration crisis, but details are unclear and the resource needed to really tackle the issue appear lacking.
Rawalpindi-International Milad-un-Nabi (SAW) conference will be held at Eidgah Sharif here on April 22. Sharing details of arrangements finalized at a meeting held at Eidgah Sharif, Additional Deputy Commissioner Arif Raheem said that foolproof security would be provided to the participants of the conference besides proper parking of vehicles and provision of water.
A large number of ulema, intellectuals, lawyers, journalists, leaders and representatives of various religious and political parties will participate in the conference. Minister of State for Religious Affair Pir Syed Amin-ul-Hasanat Shah will be the chief guest and will deliver a special sermon on the occasion.
He will also lead dua for the country's progress, prosperity and security as well as unity of the Muslim Ummah.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has no tolerance for anything “boring.”
And many Tesla owners embrace the same notion when it comes to the personalized license plates for their electric cars and SUVs.
Playing off Tesla's notoriety in the electric vehicle market, these license plates poke fun at gasoline-powered cars and trumpet their own eco-friendliness. Some of the "tags" make light of oil dependence with clever word play.
Tesla could use a lighter moment. It has had a 2018 filled with ups and downs. In May, Consumer Reports initially did not recommend the electric vehicle giant's Model 3, its first car priced for mainstream buyers, in part because of long stopping distances, only to see the magazine relent after it flashed software to cars that improved them. Last month, Tesla topped a list of best-selling electric vehicles in the United States, selling three of the five most popular cars. And this week, Tesla announced that it had reached Musk's goal of manufacturing 5,000 Model 3 vehicles per week.
Here is a collection of tweets showing some of the more creative Tesla plates:
Look at this @Tesla license plate 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/rdVRJmidrJ — Kevin Wasielewski 🔜 GuardianCon 2018 (@ORIGINPCCEO) August 22, 2017
Douglas Kass, founder and president of hedge fund sponsor, Seabreeze Partners Management, Inc., spotted a plate that transformed a standoffish response into a clever pun.
Check out tesla license plate! pic.twitter.com/lanfuOjIwq — Douglas Kass (@DougKass) May 10, 2017
Meanwhile, Washington Post Economics Correspondent Heather Long spotted a car mocking the use of the dominant energy supply.
Even José María Figueres, the former president of Costa Rica from 1994 to 1998, joined in on the fun, noting a design with a more explicit message.
I love this Tesla electric vehicle, and even more its license plate! pic.twitter.com/5UM9IhRraL — José María Figueres (@figuerescr) April 12, 2016
One Twitter user snapped a pic of a license plate making a play on words regarding the unit of measurement for electricity.
try to find a better tesla license plate... you can't pic.twitter.com/Q2zCKkrOws — Στεφανος Xριστ (@scrist13) July 6, 2014
And another Twitter user noticed a car that made a prediction about the future of gas-powered cars.
Tesla electric car with an interesting license plate; RIP OIL #sanfrancisco pic.twitter.com/vKA5np28FG — Georges Azzi (@azzi) April 14, 2013
Follow USA TODAY intern Ben Tobin on Twitter: @TobinBen
Tesla finally built 5,000 Model 3s in a week at the end of June.
Tesla
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The RPG sim/strategy set in the Fallout universe has made its way to the Switch. Build your underground utopia as you design and populate your very own vault. See at the Nintendo eShop Fortnite
One of the reigning champs of the battle royal genre has airdropped into the hands of Switch players. Join the battle for multiplayer dominance against 99 other players in this super fun action title. See at the Nintendo eShop Pokémon Quest
If you have always felt that Pokémon didn't have enough corners, then you are in luck. Collect Pokémon and battle your way across Tumblecube island in this fun little Pokémon game. See at the Nintendo eShop Kitten Squad
PETA has gotten in on the Switch gaming world with Kitten Squad. Control a battalion of kittens as they defeat evil robots in order to free captured animals. See at the Nintendo eShop Namco Museum
This free version of the Namco Museum allows you to play Pac-Man VS. with any of your friends who own the full Namco Museum. Play as Pac-Man or a ghost in the multiplayer Pac-Man title. See at the Nintendo eShop Pinball FX3
There are a few pinball titles on the Switch and this one has tons of content. Free players start with only one table, but if you fall in love with the gameplay you can purchase more pinball tables. See at the Nintendo eShop Stern Pinball Arcade
If you want to play amazing recreations of real-life pinball machines, this is one of your best options. This version offers some older pinball tables as well as a few of Sterns newer machines. Much like other Pinball games, you get one table for free and have to purchase the rest. See at the Nintendo eShop The Pinball Arcade
MATCHUPS
When Penn State has the ball
Offensive line vs. Defensive line
The Nittany Lions will be facing a massive 3-4 front for the second time in as many games, and they handled the different look much better against Wisconsin as the Big Ten Championship Game went along. Of course, Wisconsin didn't have a nose tackle quite like USC's Stevie Tu'ikolovatu, a graduate transfer from Utah whose emergence as the season progressed had as much to do with USC's resurgence as anything. Only one of USC's last four opponents rushed for better than 3 ypc against it. Penn State will need to get C Brian Gaia some help on Tu'ikolovatu with guards Steven Gonzalez and Connor McGovern. But they'll also have to watch DE Rasheem Green, a prototypical 3-4 end who can get to the quarterback.
EDGE: USC
Quarterbacks/Receivers vs. Secondary
USC has some terrific players in the defensive backfield, led of course by CB Adoree' Jackson, but bolstered by safeties Leon McQuay III and Marvin Tell III, who are joined by the very active Chris Hawkins on passing downs. But, teams with dual-threat quarterbacks have had some consistent success throwing the ball against USC this season. Penn State has that type of QB in Trace McSorley, and receivers Chris Godwin, DaeSean Hamilton and DeAndre Thompkins have the speed to get open when the pocket is moved even against terrific athletes. The Lions will miss the explosiveness of the suspended Saeed Blacknall, but TE Mike Gesicki has been stretching the field all season. The Lions also will look to get RB Saquon Barkley more involved in the passing game.
EDGE: Penn State
Running backs vs. Linebackers
The USC linebackers play a lot like Wisconsin's, and they're at least as talented. Inside, sophomore Cameron Smith and senior Michael Hutchings are the leading tacklers on the team, and they're aggressive near the line of scrimmage. They'll be in position to make some plays in the backfield. But it's the outside backers who can get to the quarterback that will have to play well for the Trojans to corral the Nittany Lions offense. Junior Uchenna Nwosu and Porter Gustin have combined for 8.5 sacks and 19.5 tackles for loss this season. They're going to have to keep track of not just McSorley, but Barkley, who has had a few weeks to get healthy and should be a major contributor against a defense that has struggled against premiere backs.
EDGE: Penn State
When USC has the ball
Offensive line vs. Defensive line
This is not the biggest offensive line Penn State will have faced this season – outside of senior RT Zach Banner, who at 6-foot-9, 360 pounds is built like the Incredible Hulk – but it may be the most athletic group overall. Junior guards Damien Mama and Viane Talamaivao are maulers inside, and LT Chad Wheeler has helped the offensive line allow only six sacks in the last 10 games. In its last nine games, Penn State has registered 29 sacks, so something will have to give. The Lions will have to stay fresh inside, and ends Evan Schwan and Garrett Sickels are going to have to win some battles against Wheeler and Banner.
EDGE: Penn State
Quarterbacks/Receivers vs. Secondary
A very intriguing matchup here, because Penn State's secondary will basically be facing what it sees in practice most every day: An athletic quarterback who can move around, and big, physical, talented receivers who will challenge the Lions' shorter-but-aggressive cornerbacks, John Reid and Grant Haley. USC QB Sam Darnold has led the Trojans to eight consecutive wins after taking over as the starter on Sept. 23 against Utah. Darnold has completed 68 percent of his throws for 2,633 yards and 26 touchdowns despite starting just nine games, and he's also a threat to run. His three top targets are all 6-foot or taller, led by 6-foot-2 junior JuJu Smith-Schuster, who has scored nine touchdowns on his 63 catches. They need to win the battles with the smaller corners on 50-50 balls, and they've been as good at that as anybody in the nation.
EDGE: USC
Running backs vs. Linebackers
Ronald Jones II doesn't have the nation talking about him as the next in a long line of great USC tailbacks, but his numbers certainly put him in that discussion. The sophomore is big (6-foot-1, 195 pounds) and fast, and he amassed 1,027 yards and 11 touchdowns this season. Backup Justin Davis is a similar player who is more active in the passing game. The Nittany Lions have the depth at linebacker to keep them in check, though, even with Manny Bowen suspended. Jason Cabinda and Brandon Bell have been arguably the two most important players on the defense this season, developing against the pass but continued stalwarts against the run. USC is going to get its yards on the ground, but Cabinda and Bell are talented enough to limit the big-play opportunities.
EDGE: Penn State
Special teams
Kicking game
It could be interesting if this game gets down to a late field goal attempt, because both teams have pretty good, accurate kickers. USC's Matt Boermeester has missed five of his 20 attempts, but two of those were beyond 50 yards, and he has only missed twice on eight attempts from 40-49 yards, with four of his makes coming from more than 45. Tyler Davis hasn't missed a field goal attempt for Penn State this season that hasn't been blocked, but he hasn't hit a kick longer than 40 yards. The punting game has been so-so for USC, though. Sophomore Chris Tilbey is averaging just 37.8 yards per kick, although nearly 40 percent of his kicks pin opponents inside the 20.
EDGE: Penn State
Return game
Well, the Trojans aren't going to lose many battles in the return game, because Adoree' Jackson has been such a threat on both kick and punt returns (two touchdowns in both areas). But 52 percent of Boermeester's kicks don't get returned, either. By comparison, even the strong-legged Joey Julius is only booting touchbacks at a 48 percent clip for the Nittany Lions. Julius and punter Blake Gillikin are going to have to keep the ball as far away from Jackson as possible.
EDGE: USC
The former North Charleston Police officer sentenced in the shooting death of a motorist in 2015 is on his way to a federal prison.
Michael Slager was transferred at 9:30 a.m. Friday from the Al Cannon Detention Center and into the custody of U.S. Marshals, according to Charleston County Sheriff's Capt. Roger Antonio.
Slager will be taken to a federal prison to begin serving a 20-year sentence for the April 4, 2015, shooting death of Walter Scott after a traffic stop.
He was sentenced in December after pleading guilty to a federal charge of depriving Scott of his civil rights under the color of law. A plea deal resulted in other federal and state charges against him being dropped.
Prosecutors sought a sentence of life in prison while the defense hoped for a sentence of anywhere from 10 to 12 years for the shooting that was captured on video by a bystander.
The sentencing order issued by Judge David Norton in mid-January stated Norton believed Slager committed second-degree murder, and used sentencing guidelines for that charge in setting the sentence of 20 years.
But Norton said Slager's susceptibility to abuse in prison and the successive state and federal prosecution as well as the "spotless life" Slager led prior to the incident as factors that reduced the length of the prison term.
Slager's defense team filed a notice of appeal for the sentence on Jan. 16.
An appeal date has not yet been set.
Copyright 2018 WCSC. All rights reserved.
A newspaper reports that at least 40 girls and women say they were molested by a Michigan sports doctor over a 14-month period that the FBI was aware that Larry Nassar had been accused of molesting elite gymnasts.
The New York Times says the FBI became aware of Nassar in July 2015. But he wasn't publicly exposed until The Indianapolis Star published allegations by a victim in 2016.
Federal authorities in Michigan subsequently charged Nassar with child pornography crimes. Sexual assault charges were later filed by the Michigan attorney general.
Nassar has been sentenced to decades in prison and will get sentenced in another case Monday.
The Times says the FBI declined to answer detailed questions about its Nassar investigation. The FBI said allegations against Nassar "transcended jurisdictions."
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
(AP) — Tummy tucks really hurt. Doctors carve from hip to hip, slicing off skin, tightening muscles, tugging at innards. Patients often need strong painkillers for days or even weeks, but Mary Hernandez went home on just over-the-counter ibuprofen.
The reason may be the yellowish goo smeared on her 18-inch wound as she lay on the operating table. The Houston woman was helping test a novel medicine aimed at avoiding opioids, potent pain relievers fueling an epidemic of overuse and addiction.
Vicodin, OxyContin and similar drugs are widely used for bad backs, severe arthritis, damaged nerves and other woes. They work powerfully in brain areas that control pleasure and pain, but the body adapts to them quickly, so people need higher and higher doses to get relief.
This growing dependence on opioids has mushroomed into a national health crisis, ripping apart communities and straining police and health departments. Every day, an overdose of prescription opioids or heroin kills 91 people, and legions more are brought back from the brink of death. With some 2 million Americans hooked on these pills, evidence is growing that they're not as good a choice for treating chronic pain as once thought.
Drug companies are working on alternatives, but have had little success.
Twenty or so years ago, they invested heavily and “failed miserably,” said Dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
Pain is a pain to research. Some people bear more than others, and success can't be measured as objectively as it can be with medicines that shrink a tumor or clear an infection. Some new pain drugs that worked well were doomed by side effects — Vioxx, for instance, helped arthritis but hurt hearts.
Some fresh approaches are giving hope:
“Bespoke” drugs, as Volkow calls them. These target specific pathways and types of pain rather than acting broadly in the brain. One is Enbrel, which treats a key feature of rheumatoid arthritis and, in the process, eases pain.
Drugs to prevent the need for opioids. One that Hernandez was helping test numbs a wound for a few days and curbs inflammation. If people don't have big pain after surgery, their nerves don't go on high alert and there's less chance of developing chronic pain that might require opioids.
Funky new sources for medicines. In testing: Drugs from silk, hot chili peppers and the venom of snakes, snails and other critters.
Novel uses for existing drugs. Some seizure and depression medicines, for example, can help some types of pain.
The biggest need, however, is for completely new medicines that can be used by lots of people for lots of problems. These also pose the most risk — for companies and patients alike.
ONE DRUG'S BUMPY ROAD
In the early 2000s, a small biotech company had a big idea: blocking nerve growth factor, a protein made in response to pain. The company's drug, now called tanezumab, works on outlying nerves, helping to keep pain signals from muscles, skin and organs from reaching the spinal cord and brain — good for treating arthritis and bad backs.
Pfizer Inc. bought the firm in 2006 and expanded testing. But in 2010, some people on tanezumab and similar drugs being tested by rivals needed joint replacements. Besides dulling pain, nerve growth factor may affect joint repair and regeneration, so a possible safety issue needed full investigation in a medicine that would be the first of its type ever sold, said one independent expert, Dr. Jianguo Cheng, a Cleveland Clinic pain specialist and science chief for the American Academy of Pain Medicine.
Regulators put some of the studies on hold. Suddenly, some people who had been doing well on tanezumab lost access to it. Phyllis Leis in Waterfall, a small town in south-central Pennsylvania, was one.
“I was so angry,” she said. “That was like a miracle drug. It really was. Unless you have arthritis in your knees and have trouble walking, you'll never understand how much relief and what a godsend it was.”
Her doctor, Alan Kivitz of Altoona Center for Clinical Research, has helped run hundreds of pain studies and consults for Pfizer and many other companies. “You rarely get people to feel that good” as many of them did on the nerve growth factor drugs, he said.
A drug with that much early promise is unusual, said Ken Verburg, who has led Pfizer's pain research for several decades.
“When you do see one, you fight hard to try to bring one to the market,” he said.
An independent review ultimately tied just a few serious joint problems to tanezumab and the suspension on testing was lifted in August 2012. But a new issue — nervous system effects in some animal studies — prompted a second hold later that year, and that wasn't lifted until 2015.
Now Eli Lilly & Co. has joined Pfizer in testing tanezumab in late-stage studies with 7,000 patients. Results are expected late next year — about 17 years after the drug's conception.
AVOIDING PAIN TO AVOID DRUGS
What if a drug could keep people from needing long-term pain relief in the first place? Heron Therapeutics Inc. is testing a novel, long-acting version of two drugs — the anesthetic bupivacaine and the anti-inflammatory meloxicam — for notoriously painful operations like tummy tucks, bunion removal and hernia repair.
Company studies suggest it can numb wounds for about three days and cut patients' need for opioids by 30 to 50 percent.
There's a good chance of preventing brain responses that lead to chronic pain if patients can get through that “initially very rough period,” said Dr. Harold Minkowitz, a Houston anesthesiologist who consults for Heron and treated Hernandez in the tummy tuck study.
Hernandez was part of an experiment testing the drug versus a placebo and doesn't know whether she got the drug or a dummy medicine. But she hurt less than she expected to and never filled a prescription for pain pills.
“The goal would be to have half or more of patients not requiring an opiate after they go home,” said Heron's chief executive, Barry Quart. “You have far fewer opiates going out into society, far fewer opiates sitting in medicine cabinets that make their way to a high school.”
Studies so far are mid-stage — too small to prove safety and effectiveness — but Heron plans more aimed at winning approval.
ON THE HORIZON
Many companies have their eyes on sodium channel blockers, which affect how nerves talk to each other and thus might help various types of pain. Others are testing cell therapies for nerve pain. Stem cells can modulate immune responses and inflammation, and may “overcome a raft of problems,” said Cheng of the pain medicine academy.
Some companies, including Samumed, Centrexion Therapeutics and Flexion Therapeutics, are testing long-acting medicines to inject in knees to relieve arthritis pain. Samumed's aims to regenerate cartilage.
And then there's marijuana. A cannabis extract is sold as a mouth spray in Britain for nerve pain and other problems from multiple sclerosis. But cannabinoid research in the U.S. has been hampered by marijuana's legal status. A special license is needed and most researchers don't even try to obtain one, said Susan Ingram, a neurosurgery scientist at Oregon Health & Science University.
She is studying cannabinoid receptors in the brain, looking at how pain affects one type but not another. Such work might someday lead to drugs that relieve pain but don't produce a high or addiction.
Selective activity has precedent: The drug buprenorphine partially binds to opioid receptors in the brain and has become “an extraordinarily successful medication” for treating addiction, said Volkow, of the national drug institute.
“It has shown pharmaceutical companies that if you come up with a good intervention, there is an opportunity to recover their costs,” she said.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Celebrity chef Paul Heathcote is cooking up a surprise “homecoming” with Preston North End.
And the man who is opening the door for him - city entrepreneur Simon Rigby - has thanked club owner Trevor Hemmings for giving him one of his best breaks in business.
“We probably wouldn't have had the Guild Hall complex and our betting business had North End not given us the chance they did,” said Simon (inset), who has decided it is time his Villa organisation moved on after five years running the catering, banqueting and in-stadium betting at the club.
“Deepdale was crucial to us getting our gaming licence and also proving we could handle a big entertainment venue. So two absolutely fantastic businesses came out of our association.”
Simon's decision to stand aside has allowed Paul to return to the stadium where he first landed the catering contract 21 years ago. He said:“I can remember back in 1997 when Preston North End gave us our first opportunity in stadium catering, we were very grateful then and grateful now, it feels like we are coming home.”
A PNE statement said: “The club are very excited about the opportunity that this gives both parties to build on the already successful event and catering management facilities that exist here at Deepdale. There are a couple of new exciting initiatives planned for the new season which will be announced in the coming weeks.”
The United Workers Party (UWP) will host its Annual Delegates Convention at the Government Primary School in Grand Fond on Sunday 29th April, 2018 from 12:30 p.m.
At that Convention, every Executive Position within the Management Structure of the Party shall be democratically contested. All of these positions shall be filled through a nominations process that will usher in a new Executive energized to take the Party into the next General Elections, which will inevitably lead to the UWP forming the next Government in the Commonwealth of Dominica.
There are expectations that epic battles to fill these Management and Leadership positions at that Convention will emerge, these include:
a. Party Political Leader and the Deputy
b. Party President and the Deputy
c. General Secretary and Assistant
d. International Secretary
e. Treasurer and Assistant
Nominations shall also be entertained to fill the positions of Trustees, as well as Ordinary Members of the Party Executive.
Malik Monk had 20 points and a career-high eight rebounds, Derek Willis had 16 points and No. 13 Kentucky made 10 three-pointers in the first half to roll past Tennessee, 83-58, on Tuesday night at Lexington, Ky.
Seeking to stay atop the Southeastern Conference, the Wildcats (21-5, 11-2) avenged last month's 82-80 road loss to the Volunteers with their best performance in a while.
Kentucky held Tennessee (14-12, 6-7) to 35% shooting. The Volunteers, who were outscored 18-0 in fastbreak points, got 17 points from Admiral Schofield.
No. 15 Florida 114, at Auburn 95: Canyon Barry scored a season-high 30 points and the Gators ((21-5, 11-2 SEC) rode a big second-half surge. Locked in a 50-50 tie at halftime, Florida went on a 13-3 run and never looked back. Auburn fell to 16-10, 5-8 in a game so dominated by offense that 13 players scored in double figures. Anfernee McLemore led the Tigers with 19 points.
at No. 16 Purdue 74, Rutgers 55: The Boilermakers (21-5, 10-3 Big Ten) pulled away in the second half, with center Isaac Haas finishing with 24 points and 11 rebounds, and power forward Caleb Swanigan getting 17 rebounds. Nigel Johnson scored 23 points for the Scarlet Knights (13-14, 2-12).
No. 25 Notre Dame 84, at Boston College 76: Bonzie Colson collected 20 points, and the Fighting Irish (20-7, 9-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) overcame a 13-point first-half deficit to send the Eagles to their 10th straight loss. Boston College (9-18, 2-12) trailed, 78-76, with just under a minute left, but Notre Dame's V.J. Beachem hit two free throws with 24.1 seconds to play. Ky Bowman led the Eagles with 29 points.
It's celebrations at a Peterborough company after it was named as a finalist in a national awards.
Fire and security company BusinessWatch, of Welbeck Way, Peterborough, has secured a place in the finals of the Fire and Security Excellence Awards.
It has been included in the Customer Care Initiative of the Year category.
Jonathan Wakerley, managing director of BusinessWatch said: “We are ecstatic to have made the finals of this industry leading event.
“The awards are held in very high esteem in the fire and security sector so we're delighted to be included.
“Of course, we'd love to win but just being selected as finalists demonstrates that BusinessWatch Group are leaders in the industry, putting customers and customer service first.”
The winners will be announced on November 22.
JHABBRAN-Federal Minister for Defence Production Rana Tanveer said that the brave armed forces of Pakistan have won the war against terrorism as operation of Zarb-e-Azb had broken the backbone of terrorists.
Addressing a gathering in Jhabbran and Chak 23, he said peace has been restored in Karachi due to the successful operation and the country is making progress by leaps and bounds under the leadership of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. Economic stability has occurred thorough the positive politics of the PML-N and Pakistan is now considered one of the 10 economically emerging countries. China, Turkey and other friendly countries are investing millions of dollars in Pakistan while the CEPC project is being spread throughout the country, he said.
He noted that the foreign exchange reveres of Pakistan have increased to 24 million dollars. He said that the people will reject the politicians who are against the progress of the country.
He stated that the PML-N will get heavy mandate in the elections of 2018. A reception was hosted in the honour of Rena Attiqu Anwar, chairman of District Council Sheikhupura.
A reception was hosted in the honour of Rena Attiqu Anwar, chairman of District Council Sheikhupura. MPA Rana Afzal Hussain, Chaudhry Bilal Virk, Chaudhry Tariq Mehmood Bajwa, Pir Ashraf Rasool, Eshan Riaz, Arif Khan Sandila and media advisor Nadeem Gohreega were also present. They also addressed the gathering about the good economic polices of the government.
CLAIM
The Oakland Raiders' offensive line allowed quarterback Derek Carr to be sacked several times because he did not take part in a protest during the national anthem.
UNPROVEN
RATING
UNPROVEN
ORIGIN
Two conservative radio hosts alleged on 28 September 2017 that members of the Oakland Raiders may purposefully put quarterback Derek Carr in harm's way for not taking part in a protest carried out by several black players — a claim later picked up by several web sites.
Hosts Jack Armstrong and Joe Getty claimed to have “insider information” concerning the performance of the Raiders' offensive line — the only one in the National Football League comprised entirely of African-American players — in a 27-10 loss to Washington four days earlier.
According to Armstrong and Getty, an “extremely reliable” source on the team divulged to them that the offensive linemen allowed Carr to be sacked (tackled before he could throw the ball) in retaliation for his refusal to join them in protesting during the playing of the national anthem before the game.
Carr was sacked four times during the game, which Armstrong and Getty claim is outside the norm. Getty first claimed that Carr (who is white) was sacked once during the 2016 season before amending his argument:
So Derek Carr — who was never sacked last year — was sacked four times by the Redskins, back to back on the second offensive series of the Raiders. The first series he threw almost immediately an interception, so that series was over before it began. So for the first full series he was sacked twice, [on] back-to-back plays. Also, three times, the extremely dependable, never-does-this center (the guy who snaps the ball to the quarterback) snapped it before Carr was ready — three times. He “hiked” it, as the kids say, into Carr's knees before he was supposed to.
In reality, Carr was sacked 16 times during the previous season — one of which resulted in a season-ending broken fibula. In 2015 he was sacked 31 times, and in 2014 it happened 24 times.
Armstrong added:
I think you're guessing where this is going. We have some insider information that this was not an accident.
The hosts stated several times that they did not know if the allegations of “Deep Route” (as they called their alleged source) were true. According to them, however, the source claimed to have heard an offensive line member say of Carr, “If he wants to stand alone for the national anthem, he can stand alone on the field.”
Armstrong said:
If this story is true, you've got an animosity between a white quarterback and a black offensive line that you can't fix very easily. And the league is just gonna break down completely along racial lines.
Getty added:
A reporter got wind of this — one reporter, and asked a team official about this and was told, “If you report on this you will be blackballed. You will get no access to the Oakland Raiders, period. Your career reporting on the Raiders will be done if you report on this.
However, the two hosts mentioned several times that the allegation had not been verified.
Willard Ogan, the assignment manager for Comcast SportsNet Bay Area — one of several local news outlets that regularly covers the team — scoffed at the pair's story. He told us:
Unless they would happen to want to name their source, I'm guessing they made this shit up on their way in. I'm at a loss for words. You've got to give me something more than this.
He added that there was a logical flaw in the argument that Carr's offensive line willfully let him be sacked :
They're trying to get to the Super Bowl. Why would they do this? He's the franchise quarterback.
Regarding the allegation that a team official had threatened to cut off access to the team for an unnamed reporter, Ogan said that the Raiders have never threatened to “blackball” his station:
Even when the Raiders were [playing] bad[ly], they never threatened to blackball any reporters. They may make it hard like any sports team when you're writing stuff they don't like to make it hard to get interviews. Put it like this: they're no different than the Yankees would be on stuff like this.
Most of the team, including the offensive line (but not Carr), took part in a protest before the game, an offshoot of former San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem prior to games during the 2016 season to protest extrajudicial killings carried out by police against communities of color. U.S. Army veteran Nate Boyer has confirmed that he helped Kaepernick decide to carry out his protest in that format, rather than sitting during the anthem.
Raiders offensive tackle Donald Penn said that their demonstration was a direct response to President Donald Trump's call in September 2017 for NFL owners to fire any player who took part. Penn said:
I wish I didn't have to do anything like that. I've been standing all the time, but when you get called out personally by the President of the country you gotta do something. I ain't wanna do that. I don't think my teammates wanna do that.
He also said:
This had nothing to do with disrespecting the military or the flag. I have the utmost respect for them. Because you will not see me over there shooting no guns. So I have so much respect for them and what they do. It had nothing to do with that. I hope they understand that. This all had to do with President Trump's comments. That's the only reason we did that.
Penn's linemate Marshall Newhouse, however, attributed the protest to a wider range of issues:
The injustice in the country just doesn't sit well with us, regardless of what the President said before. This is kind of an ongoing problem and we're making a statement about that. It might seem that way that it was kind of a reaction to the President, but this stuff's been going on for a long time.
Tackle Kelechi Osemele also faced accusations on his Instagram page that he and his linemates allowed Carr to be sacked. He responded:
If you guys really believe that…I don't even know what to tell you. Carr is our brother he fully supported our decision to make this statement we discussed this as a TEAM and we all have each other's back
When asked whether the protest had an impact on the Raiders' performance, Carr said:
I really hope not, but you never know. You don't know what's going on in everybody's head and all those things. But for me, it did not.
The offensive line did not repeat the protest during the team's following game in Denver on 1 October 2017. Only one player on either squad — Oakland running back Marshawn Lynch — sat during the anthem, as he has done throughout the 2017 season.
Carr suffered an injury after being sacked during the 1 October game. He was initially expected to miss between two and six weeks of action. But Ogan told us that he took part in the team's regular practice on 5 October 2017.
We contacted both the Raiders and the National Football League seeking comment on Armstrong and Getty's allegations. We also contacted several other media outlets in the Bay Area about the duo's allegation that the team threatened to “blackball” a local reporter. We had not received a response by press time.
Improved tourism receipts help slash Kenya's trade deficit by 10.4% in Q3 · Rwanda Focus proprietor arrested over counterfeit, tax evasion charges …
Rwead more
By Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider
| WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.The decision lifted the U.S. central bank's benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point to a target range of 1.00 percent to 1.25 percent as it proceeds with its first tightening cycle in more than a decade.In its statement following a two-day meeting, the Fed's policy-setting committee indicated the economy had been expanding moderately, the labour market continued to strengthen and a recent softening in inflation was seen as transitory.The Fed also gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2 trillion (3.28 trillion pounds) portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession."The committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization programme this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated," the Fed said in its statement.The central bank said it would gradually ramp up the pace of its balance sheet reduction and anticipates the plan would feature halting reinvestments of ever-larger amounts of maturing securities.The Fed said the initial cap for Treasuries would be set at $6 billion per month initially and increase by $6 billion increments every three months over a 12-month period until it reached $30 billion per month in reductions to its holdings.For agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, the cap will be $4 billion per month initially, increasing by $4 billion at quarterly intervals over a year until it reached $20 billion per month.
U.S. stocks rose after the Fed announcement, while the dollar reversed some of its earlier losses. "The Fed announcing an update to their reinvestment principles leaves September open. The start of balance sheet runoff and the fact that they haven't slowed their projected path of rate hikes suggest they can do both balance sheet and rate hikes at the same time," said Gennady Goldberg, interest rate strategist at TD Securities.Fed Chair Janet Yellen was holding a press conference at 2:30 p.m. EDT (1830 GMT).EYES ON INFLATION
The Fed has now raised rates four times as part of a normalization of monetary policy that began in December 2015. The central bank had pushed rates to near zero in response to the financial crisis. Policymakers also released their latest set of quarterly economic forecasts which showed temporary concern about inflation and continued confidence about economic growth in the coming years.They forecast U.S. economic growth of 2.2 percent in 2017, an increase from the previous projection in March. Inflation was expected to be at 1.7 percent by the end of this year, down from the 1.9 percent previously forecast.A retreat in inflation over the past two months has caused jitters among some Fed officials who fear that the shortfall, if sustained, could alter the pace of future rate hikes. Earlier on Wednesday, the Labor Department reported consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May, the second drop in three months.
The Fed's preferred measure of underlying inflation has retreated to 1.5 percent, from 1.8 percent earlier this year, and has run below the central bank's 2 percent target for more than five years. Expectations of any fiscal stimulus in the near term from the Trump administration have also waned with campaign promises on tax cuts, regulation rollbacks and infrastructure spending either still on the drawing board or facing hurdles in Congress.Interest rates are seen rising one more time by the end of this year, according to the median projection of the forecasts released with the Fed's policy statement, in keeping with the previous forecast.Estimates for the unemployment rate by the end of this year moved down to 4.3 percent, the current level, and to 4.2 percent in 2018, indicating the Fed believes the labour market will continue to tighten.The median estimate of the long-run neutral rate, which is seen as the level of monetary policy that neither boosts nor slows the economy, was unchanged at 3.0 percent.Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari dissented in Wednesday's decision. (Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider; Editing by Paul Simao)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
ALL ABUZZ: All NSW beekeepers should check their hives for symptoms of American Foulbrood this October.
ALL ABUZZ: All NSW beekeepers should check their hives for symptoms of American Foulbrood this October. Keagan Elder
BEEKEEPERS are being urged to look out for discoloured brood and dead larvae, both symptoms of NSW's most serious brood disease of honey bees, American Foulbrood.
The NSW Department of Primary Industries has declared October as AFB Awareness Month - a month-long campaign dedicated to educating beekeepers across the state about the fatal and incurable disease.
DPI Plant Biosecurity Prevention and Preparedness manager Dr Chris Anderson said the aim of the campaign is to prompt all NSW beekeepers to check their hives this October.
"Any hive can contract AFB and the disease can decimate an apiary, resulting in severe impacts not just for the individual, but across our primary industries,” he said.
"We hope that AFB Awareness Month not only increases awareness of AFB, but also promotes the best management practices throughout the commercial and recreational beekeeping industries.”
The theme for the month is 'Inspect, Test, Notify, Act', prompting keepers to get on the front foot with monitoring their bees on a regular basis.
"If NSW beekeepers suspect that one or more of their hives is infected, DPI offers a testing service for diagnosis.”
Dr Anderson said the disease is a notifiable disease under the NSW Biosecurity Act 2015, which means that once detected, beekeepers must legally notify DPI within one working day.
"Beekeepers can and should regularly take action to minimise the potential danger of AFB in their colonies, and the DPI website offers a range of tips for doing so.”
If your hive is infected, you must kill the bees in the affected hive and destroy the hives by burning, or treat them with hot wax dip.
If you suspect your hive is infected with AFB, call the Biosecurity Helpline on (02) 9741 4790 between 9am to 5pm on NSW business days or complete an online form at any time.
For more information on AFB visit www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/
biosecurity-bees.
Darjeeling: The police today raided premises of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) chief Bimal Gurung and arrested some party activists following which the outfit called for an indefinite shutdown in Darjeeling Hills.
Arrows, sharp weapons and explosives were recovered during the raids at the premises in Singmari and Patlebas areas in Darjeeling, the police said.
"Some of the premises of Gurung and other GJM activists were raided. We conducted the raids on the basis of concrete information. The raids are still on. We have arrested a few GJM activists," a senior police official told PTI on condition of anonymity.
The police, however, denied that Gurung's residence had been raided.
Infuriated by the police raid, the GJM called for an indefinite shutdown in the hills from today, GJM general secretary Roshan Giri said.
"The state government is indulging in politics of witch-hunting. The police and the state government are provoking us to call an indefinite strike in the hills. We will inform the Centre about the atrocities of the state government. We have called an indefinite shutdown in hills from today," Giri told PTI.
The raids came on the fourth day of the GJM-sponsored indefinite strike in government and GTA offices in the hills.
The development also came a day after Gurung said that the agitation for a separate Gorkhaland would go on till it was achieved. He had asked tourists to avoid visiting Darjeeling.
The GJM's call for a separate state of Gorkhaland gained momentum after six other hill parties extended their support to GJM and unanimously passed a resolution, demanding a separate state on Tuesday.
The Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF), an ally of the ruling Trinamool Congress, broke its alliance with the TMC and joined hands with the GJM for a separate state.
The Centre had despatched 600 paramilitary personnel to assist the West Bengal government in restoring normalcy in violence-hit Darjeeling hills which witnessed incidents of stone pelting during GJM-sponsored indefinite bandh.
The Centre had also sought a detailed report on the prevailing situation in the hill district from the state government.
Proud daughters of national celebrating 70th Independence Day in Islamabad.
Girls dancing in the rally to mark 70th Independence Day at Numaish Chowrangi, Karachi.
Citizens are holding National Independence celebrations rally on the occasion of the Pakistan Independence Day, in Lahore
Attendees hold National flag arrive during a ceremony to celebrate the country's 70th Independence Day at the mausoleum of Muhammad Ali Jinnah in Karachi
We are keeping a close eye on the M5 this summer as holiday traffic mixed with breakdown and accidents can make travelling through the county and beyond difficult.
Today, there is the usual combination of breakdowns and holiday traffic that is causing problems for motorists.
People heading north out of Gloucestershire this lunchtime were faced with long delays due to a broken down car between junction five for the A38 (Droitwich) and junction 4a for the M42.
Police guard rear of city centre pub after stabbing
Two lanes were closed as a result of the breakdown.
Floral tributes left at the scene where 19-year-old fell to her death from multi-storey car park
Motorists heading south were also facing stop-start traffic and long delays on the southbound M5 between junction 14 for the B4509 (Thornbury) and junction 21 for Weston-super-Mare.
Updates will appear below.
SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Samsung announced on Monday a batch of cheaper, water-resistant smartphones.
The move marks the company's first product unveiling since the launch of the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7.
Later this month, Samsung will launch three new versions of its Galaxy A smartphone, the low-cost alternative to the flagship Galaxy S line. As of now, the devices are set to launch in Russia and expand to other markets thereafter.
Called the Galaxy A3, A5, and A7 -- differentiated by screen size -- the devices are water and dust resistant for the first time. The phones will also include a new 16-megapixel camera, including a "selfie mode" that lets you tap anywhere to take a photo.
The A3 features a 4.7-inch display, while the A5 clocks in at 5.2 inches, and the A7 is 5.7 inches.
The series resembles Samsung's high-end Galaxy S line and features a fingerprint sensor, metal frame and a 3D glass backing (available in black, gold, blue and pink). However, the inside of the phones pack less processing power than Galaxy S phones and and max out at just 32GB of internal storage, without an external SD card.
Pricing has not yet been announced, but the Galaxy A series devices -- which debuted in 2014 -- typically start at under $400 for the smaller-sized models. Samsung's Galaxy S line starts at $800.
The update to the line comes as the company looks to move past the Note 7 recall that cost the company billions of dollars last year. Samsung has reportedly finished its investigation into what caused some devices to catch fire, but it hasn't publicly revealed the findings.
It's next big smartphone launch isn't expected until February, but the company will show off some of its new technology at CES 2017 on Wednesday.
Five big ideas of Modi govt's Budget 2018 that look way beyond next election and might well be irreversible
By Rob Kiser
rkiser@dailycall.com
The Piqua baseball team used two big innings to rally from a 4-0 deficit to beat Greenville 10-6 Tuesday in GWOC American action.
The Indians, 7-10 overall and 5-6 in GWOC American play, scored four runs in the fourth inning and six in the fifth to pick up the win. The Green Wave falls to 5-9 overall and 4-7 in GWOC American play.
Piqua sent nine players to the plate in the fourth against Greenville starter Owen Paulus to even the game after trailing 4-0.
Derek Hite started things off with a walk, but was forced out at second on Austin Davis' fielder's choice.
Zane Beougher hit a grounder to second, but throw to second was wide, with Davis going to third and Beougher ending up at second base.
Jan Adorno grounded out with the runners holding, but Ethan Pohlschneider followed with a two-run single to get Piqua on the board.
After Owen Toopes singled, both Pohlschneider and Toopes scored on a two-run double by Spencer Lavey to tie the game at 4-4.
Greenville took the lead back in the home fourth without a hit.
Landon Eldridge was hit by a pitch, went to second on a stolen basis and ended up at third, before Kyle Mills' sacrifice fly made it 5-4.
But, Piqua would send 10 batters to the plate in the top of the fifth, scoring six times to take control.
Hite started the rally with a double, with Davis following with a double to tie the game at five and bringing Mills on in relief of Paulus.
Beougher walked and Adorno reached on an error.
Pohlschneider drilled another two-run single to give Piqua a 7-5 lead and Toopes was hit by a pitch to load the bases.
Lavey walked to force in a run and Mick Karn's fielder's choice scored a run to make it 9-5. Lavey came in on a wild pitch to make it 10-5 and only a diving catch by Eldridge in centerfield to end the inning prevented further damage.
Greenville was able to get one run in the home sixth.
Eldridge singled moved around to third and scored on a wild pitch.
But, Hite was able to finish off the win, pitching a five-hitter, while stirking out eight and walking four.
The game had started with Piqua missing an opportunity to score in the top of the first.
Toopes walked and Lavey singled between the hole between first and second with no outs.
Karn's fielder's choice moved them to second and third with two outs, before Paulus got a pop out to end the inning.
Greenville got on the board in the home first, with an unearned run.
Mills singled with one out, but was forced out at second on Tyler Beyke's fielder's choice.
He stole second and third and an errant throw allowed him to score.
Greenville made it 2-0 in the second.
Tony Sells and Reed Hanes singled. Alec Fletcher walked to load the bases and Sells scored on Ethan Saylor's fielder's choice before Hite got a strikeout and fly out to end the inning.
Greenville added two more runs in the third.
Mills walked and Beyke singled. With two outs, Hanes walked to load the bases.
Fletcher had a RBI single and Saylor was hit by a pitch to force in a run and make it 4-0, before Piqua turned things around in its next two at bats.
Piqua will be back in action Thursday, hosting Greenville in a game that was rained out on Monday.
Saturday's game with Fairmont has been changed to a 2 p.m. start.
Rob Kiser is Sports Editor for the Daily Call. He can be reached at (937) 451-3334.
“That guy over there.”
I was talking to my friend, Kim, as we sipped cocktails at a bar in Hollywood. She followed my gaze. “The … bald … white guy?” she asked, her face scrunched up in disbelief. I nodded. She raised an eyebrow and slurped on her vodka cranberry.
Some background might be helpful here. I'm black and my friend Kim is white, as was the guy in question. He also shaved his head and, apparently, that threw my friend for a loop. I knew why.
Since I'd known her I'd mostly dated black guys. The real estate agent I'd met at the LACMA summer jazz series. The actor who'd given me his headshot as soon as he learned I was a TV writer. The musician who serenaded me at the Dresden between Marty and Elayne's sets. All black. And the one or two white guys in the mix had hair.
Are you a veteran of L.A.'s current dating scene? We want to publish your story
Two weeks later, I climbed in the passenger seat of the bald white guy's truck when he picked me up from my apartment in Miracle Mile. Hmm … he drove a pickup truck. And I knew from talking to him on the phone that he was from the South.
I smiled as he told me he'd made a reservation at Ammo. So far, so good. I liked that place. As we drove along, I surreptitiously glanced at him — he was wearing a nice suit, having come straight from his office to get me.
He had mentioned he was a lawyer, so I'd already mentally checked the box for gainfully employed. But something else was on my mind.
Here's the truth: Race is still a thing.
No matter how advanced a society we think we are, the idea that we're post-racial is laughable. Over the years working in numerous writers rooms as the only black writer, I'd become a pro at deciphering comments white guys made:
More L.A. Affairs columns
Interracial relationships aren't a big deal nowadays.
Translation: I'd never do it but I think Halle Berry's pretty.
I have a lot of friends in interracial relationships.
Translation: Some of my friends date Asian women.
Today, kids don't care about race.
Translation: My kid listens to hip-hop.
This guy was from Georgia. “The heart of Klan activity,” one of my friends felt compelled to tell me. To be fair, I'm from the South. Raised in Florida, I know about chewing tobacco, gator farms, 2 Live Crew, y'all, and the Confederate flag. For that reason, I started getting nervous about this guy.
What if I were part of some Dixieland fantasy of his? After we were seated I asked him how many black girls he'd dated. “Why?” he asked. “Because maybe black girls are your thing,” I said. “I don't want to be part of your chocolate fantasy.”
“Uh … I just think you're hot,” he said.
We continued dating, and soon we were exclusive. This didn't come without challenges.
Whenever we went somewhere with a lot of black people in attendance, I got the side eye from some of them. I understood. My dating outside the race was seen as a betrayal. Their thought bubble hovered, clear as day: “After everything they've done to us, you're going to date one of them?”
And some days, it was tough because I felt guilty for not completing the picture of the strong black couple. Another time, my boyfriend got a call from his ex-girlfriend. “I heard you're dating a black girl.” Yep. Word had spread through the Caucasian grapevine.
I was working on a sitcom at the time. When I told the writers on the show I was dating a white guy from the South who drove a pickup truck, I could tell they were skeptical.
The kicker was when we went to the wedding of one of his friends in Cape Girardeau, Mo. I'm not exaggerating when I say white people stared at us as we walked down the street.
See? Race is a thing.
The more serious the relationship got, the more I started thinking about kids.
If we had them, they would be “multiethnic” or “biracial” or “mixed heritage.” All terms that annoyed me. But I was getting ahead of myself, right? Was I in this or not? Was I ready to be committed to a guy whose family owned shotguns and went to the Waffle House?
My parents were both college professors. His parents hadn't gone to college. My parents were Baha'is who didn't celebrate Christmas. His dad played Santa Claus in various malls below the Mason-Dixon line during the yuletide season. My boyfriend listened to emo rock, for God's sake!
This was bound to be a disaster.
But I didn't break up with him.
I grew to love him more.
I loved that he shared a house off Sunset with a gay, Pakistani performance artist. I loved that he'd had the same Rottweiler for a pet since high school. I loved that he was a plaintiff's attorney, helping clients who'd been discriminated against in the workplace.
I didn't love his pickup truck — it was cramped and always had dog hair on the seat.
But no relationship's perfect.
Fourteen years and two kids later, race is still a thing, in a growing list of things, that defines us.
Maisha Closson is a TV writer living in Los Angeles. She's on Instagram as @maisha_closson
L.A. Affairs chronicles the current dating scene in and around Los Angeles. If you have comments or a true story to tell, email us at LAAffairs@latimes.com.
MORE L.A. LOVE STORIES …
She ‘ghosted' me. Twice.
The best advice I ever got for dating a guy with kids
We had a one-night stand. I wish it had stayed that way
home@latimes.com
Get any photos you have to me by Thursday, please! Today's set is by Joe Dickinson from the Galápagos. If you haven't gone there, I recommend it very highly. When I went a few years back, I thought, as a jaded evolutionist, it wouldn't be all that exciting. Boy, was I wrong!
Joe's notes are indented:
Here are some file photos from a Galapagos trip about ten years ago. There are many more that I can send when/if you need them. This is a land iguana (Conolophus subcristatus). Much like Darwin, I failed to keep track of which “specimens” (i.e., photos) are from which island, so I can't specify subspecies.
A pair of magnificent frigate birds (Fregata magnificens), the male with throat pouch pretty much inflated.
Here are some waved albatross (Phoebastria irroata) engaging in a mating ritual. It is my understanding that this often is rather like a “renewal of vows” between an already pair-bonded couple. Is the third bird a “witness”?
The iconic blue footed booby (Sula nebouxii).
A pair of Nazca booby (Sula granti).
A young, very sandy, Galapagos sea lion (Zalophus wollebaeki).
The colorful Sally lightfoot crab (Grapsus grapsus).
An American oystercatcher (Heamatopus palliatus).
Another young sea lion.
A lava lizard (Microlophus ?). Again, failure to keep track of the island makes identification to species impossible (for me).
The unique and famous marine iguana (Amblyrhynchus cristatus).
And two more sea lions. I think of them as brothers, but have no evidence for that proposal.
Ben Wiebe started playing the game of baseball at the age of twelve, and loved the game after picking up a ball for the first time. After not making it to the major leagues, the love for the game drew him to another avenue to stay involved in the game and became an umpire.
"It's basically one of the two options for umpires who want to take their passion further, and hope to make it to the Major Leagues," said Wiebe, who is leaving today to attend the Wendelstedt Umpire School in Florida.
After umpiring for roughly five years behind the plate, and parents, players, and coaches thanking him for his efforts and dedication to the game, Wiebe thought it would be cool to see if becoming an MLB umpire would be a possibility. After some research as to if/how he could become a MLB umpire, he decided it would be his ideal job to get paid to watch baseball.
As far as Wiebe knows, he is the first in the area to try and achieve this dream of his. He's talked with a number of umpires in the area, who have done juniors, nationals, international, and even Goldeyes, but none of them have taken this program to try and become an MLB ump.
Wiebe noted, by going to this school, it doesn't guarantee him an MLB umpire job. He still needs to put in the work and move up the ranks through the minor leagues.
"Not in very many jobs are you going to have a job, where if you aren't promoted in three years, you're back to the beginning where you started," said Wiebe. "So if you get placed in a minor league somewhere in the United States or Canada. The rule generally is that you will be at the level for three years, after which if you don't get promoted you will not continue umping at that level. You will go down to the first level that will accept you. You have to be able to be confident in your own abilities, and put the work and sacrifice in, because you will not make it up and sustain a career at the level that you want to be at if you don't do that."
The program is five weeks long, and if you are in the top portion of the class you'll get placed into a camp, which will be evaluated more strictly. He added at the end of the camp, either walk out of there with a job or not.
"My goal is one day, be at Rogers Centre, umping a Blue Jays game," concluded Wiebe.
Ford honors NexteerAutomotive with twoWorld Excellence Awards
Nexteer Automotive was recognized as a top-performing global supplier for Ford Motor Co., receiving two awards at the 20th annual Ford World Excellence Awards.
Only 88 companies were selected as finalists from thousands of Ford suppliers globally.
Nexteer earned the award for achieving the highest levels of global excellence based on the Aligned Business Framework principals that focus on quality, delivery, value and innovation. Additionally, Nexteer received the Silver Award, recognizing the company's steering gear manufacturing facility in El Marques, QRO C.P. Mexico.
"Our World Excellence awards recognize the outstanding achievements of Ford Motor Co.'s top-performing suppliers around the world," said Hau Thai-Tang, Ford executive vice president, product development and purchasing.. "Suppliers like Nexteer are key to Ford's continued success as we work towards our goal of becoming world's most trusted mobility company."
"Receiving these awards from Ford Motor Co. demonstrates Nexteer's leadership in developing technologies to advance the mobility industry," says Mike Richardson, president and executive board director, Nexteer Automotive. "We are honored to have received these awards and look forward to continuing the collaboration with Ford to bring advance steering technologies to the market."
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
For most Indian track and field athletes, Asian Games may be the biggest test ahead but for national record holder in high jumper- Tejaswin Shankar - the next few months is also about grappling with complicated trigonometric formulae and going through never ending pages of Cold War as part of the modern history curriculum. A student at the Kansas University pursuing a degree in business administration, Shankar needs to have a close eye on his academic grades as much on his jumps to continue with his scholarship program.
The nineteen year, considered as one of India's brightest medal hopes in track and field in the coming years, has been a revelation in his maiden year at the University athletics circuit in the USA and heads into the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) championship in Eugene, Oregon, as the strongest contender for a gold medal. He had jumped 2.29 metres in an athletics meet at Texas last month bettering his own personal best and Indian national record of 2.28 m which he had achieved in the Federation Cup. “I go into the NCAA championship as the favourite since no one has touched 2.29 m this season but I do not want to put pressure on myself. I go there with no expectation. A medal will be a huge boost to my confidence because the college circuit in the USA is highly competitive and it has been the stepping stone for future world champions in several athletics disciplines,'' says Shankar.
The last one year has been a challenge time for the youngster as the high jumper had to do the juggling act between maintaining attendance, score academic points and excel on the athletics arena. "Despite being tough, it prepares you to become an all-round person because your life is not solely dependent on how you perform on the field. There are neither waivers in attendance nor leeway in examinations if you have represented the country in any events. I thought I had managed to kiss mathematics and history goodbye after my school but they continue to haunt me in Kansas. I have to study mathematics, economics and world history before I major in finance and accounts," adds Shankar whose greatest regret about moving away from India is not being able to gorge on chole bature and playing cricket. But the passion for cricket for the former fast bowler continues and the ten and a half hour time difference proved no hindrance for him to follow ball by ball commentary of all the IPL games.
A prodigious talent hailing from New Delhi, the youngster first caught the imagination when he broke the 12 year old senior national record during a junior meet in Coimbatore in 2016. The 17-year-old was destined for greater glories and continued to raise the bar. "The Commonwealth Games was disappointing where I finished sixth. I made it to the final and was overawed by the occasion," adds Shankar who is aiming to reach the 2.30m this year. "There is the Asian Games this year but my long term goal is the World Championship next year in Doha. I am not someone who is very obsessed with my current personal bests as I want to give myself time to improve without suffering injuries. After all, this is what I am going to do for the next fifteen years of my life, so I have time on my hand. Even my coaches have told me to not overwork. They insist that I lead a life of a normal nineteen year old college going kid with occasional night outs to ensure there are no burns outs-mentally and physically. So during the off season, I want to give my body a rest and not madly chase records."
The scholarship to Kansas University ensured Shankar could pick the brains of the world's most renowned high jump coaches. Cliff Rovelto trained some of the world's best high jumpers and now works closely with Shankar. Eric Kynard, 2012 silver medallist at the London Olympics, also trains alongside the Indian and is at hand to pass on handy tips. "These are some of the people whose techniques and training methods I used to follow on YouTube. Now to be actually receiving training from them personally is a surreal experience. I still remember the first time, I got a call on my mobile from these legends asking me about my jumps. I went blank when they introduced themselves," remembers Shankar. "They are not intrusive and do not force any changes on the technique. They will respond and guide you only if you come to them with any problem. In the last few months, I have tweaked my technique dropping both my hands during take-off which has helped me to gain more height compared to the jumps when I used a solitary hand. The focus now is to work on my landing. Currently, I tend to land on my neck rather than on my shoulder, making me prone to injuries."
But the trickiest part for Shankar in the coming weeks along with working on his approach and jump, will be to work on his travel schedules. With the inter-state athletics meet scheduled in Guwahati next month, the high jumper will have to undertake a 24-hour journey from the USA to attend it. Even before the Asian Games, he might need to train in India for a couple of days before heading to Jakarta. More than the jet lags which play havoc with the body, Shankar is also concerned about the attendance in college but he is confident of handling these challenges.
Shankar has fought tougher battles like losing his father to Leukemia which put his athletics future under cloud. But backed by a supporting mother, he came back putting in greater effort. When he sustained a serious injury due to a freak road accident on the eve of the junior world championship, he was forced to take a break from high jump. He used this time to focus on fitness and bounced back in style creating a new senior national record.
Academic pressures at the Kansas University is a trade-off that Shankar had to make to ensure he receives world class training facilities. And he is confident of raising the bar both in his semester grades and his jumps keeping in mind his ultimate aim of an Olympic medal.
Another setback will delay use of the new Savanna-Sabula Bridge over the Mississippi River.
The U.S. 52 Mississippi overflow bridge at the north end of Sabula island will remain closed for longer than expected. The Iowa Department of Transportation says the extension is due to an unforeseen difficulty with drilling required for foundations.
Sandy soils are also creating problems and delays. The agency now says it expects the closure to extend into July.
I-DOT will post project updates online.
Sara Ali Khan to be paired opposite Ranveer Singh in Rohit Shetty's upcoming action comedy Simmba
There was immense curiosity after the release of the first poster of Rohit Shetty's next film Simmba, which features Ranveer Singh as a cop. Who would be cast as the film's female lead?
Now it's confirmed. Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar have signed Sara Ali Khan for the film. Sara will be seen opposite Ranveer, who plays the role of a notorious cop, Sangram Bhalerao.
Karan Johar's production house Dharma Production's official twitter handle shared the news on social media:
The film, which brings together the fresh pairing of Ranveer and Sara, also marks the debut collaboration between Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar as producers. Shetty will direct the action comedy.
Due to the strenuous professional relationship between the Kedarnath's producers KriArj Entertainment and director Abhishek Kapoor, Sara's Bollywood debut seemed to be a cliffhanger. Kedarnath was touted to be the debut film of the daughter of Saif Ali Khan and Amrita Singh; Sara was to be paired opposite Sushant Singh Rajput. Now, the film has been withheld until further notice.
Meanwhile, there were speculations that the Internet sensation Priya Prakash Varrier might be cast as the leading lady in Simmba.
Ranveer Singh, on the other hand, is currently basking in the glory of the praises and accolades that came pouring in for his performance in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's magnum opus Padmaavat. He was seen playing Sultan Alauddin Khilji, the 13th century ruthless, barbaric invader and ruler of the Delhi Sultanate.
Simmba is slated to release on 28 December, 2018.
Published Date: Mar 20, 2018 10:00 AM | Updated Date: Mar 20, 2018 10:02 AM
In an email to members sent Monday, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced that the contract of CEO Dawn Hudson has been renewed through 2020. The academy's Board of Governors voted on the renewal at its regularly scheduled meeting on Tuesday, March 28.
"We are confident in Dawn's leadership of the Academy, and fully support her as she leads a strong and dedicated team of more than 350 into our ninth decade," said Academy President Cheryl Boone Isaacs.
She and Isaacs have been the most public voices in moving the academy toward increased diversity, both before and after the 2015 and 2016 #OscarsSoWhite years.
"Having the academy be representative of our industry, of our world at this time is really important to us," Hudson told The Times in 2014. Last year, the academy invited the largest and most diverse group of film professionals to join its ranks.
Hudson's renewal comes after the controversy and media spotlight following this year's Oscars telecast in which the incorrect best picture winner was mistakenly announced, leading to arguably the most confusing moment in the history of the ceremony. And plans for an academy museum have met with numerous delays.
Isaacs will be leaving her position later this summer when her fourth term as president ends. Hudson has been with the academy since 2011.
The message sent to members added that the board is “excited that Dawn will continue the Academy's goals of globalization and inclusion, guide us towards the successful opening of an unprecedented movie museum, and lead us toward next year's 90th Oscars.”
The Grove Theatre in Dunstable has officially launched its autumn 2017 brochure – promising entertainment for a range of tastes.
Ned Boulting is bringing all the gossip from this year's Tour de France as well as action-packed tales of his time in the cycling lane with Bikeology, while TJ Higgs is offering her phenomenal talents as psychic medium for those who believe there's something more out there, and Crissy Rock stars in a naughty but comical show about three cleaning ladies who set up a scandalous phone line at work, in Dirty Dusting.
Family time is made ever more special with live children's theatre. The People's Theatre Company present Don't Dribble on the Dragon, a magical adventure based on the new book by Steven Lee, with magic designed by the late, great Paul Daniels. You may L.O.V.E. singing along to hits by an incredible girl band with The Little Mix Experience, or catch the over-the-top action of the ring with Superslam Wrestling Live. The theatre also has a visit from everyone's favourite little pig as Peppa Pig's Adventure is live at Grove Theatre.
This year's pantomime is Sleeping Beauty starring John Partridge (Eastenders), Sally Lindsay (Coronation Street) and Rebecca Keatley (CBeebies).
Fans of comedy are in for a treat too, with visits from Henning Wehn, Sean Kelly and the Stars of Storage Hunters, Bobby Davro, Ed Byrne, Lee Nelson and more.
World-class theatre will be screened once again at the Grove, with titles including Yerma, The Magic Flute, Coriolanus and Tosca. There's also a one-night special of David Gilmour Live at Pompeii for Pink Floyd fans.
There's lots for music fans too. Lovers of country will enjoy Islands in the Stream: The Music of Dolly Parton & Kenny Rogers, or The Legends of American Country. Rockin' on Heaven's Door, Showaddywaddy and The Sensational 60s promise nights to remember for rock'n'roll fans, while the theatre will also host the soulful sound of The Stylistics, Stand By Me and The Rat Pack. Other acts include Police tribute Message in a Bottle, One Night of Rock and Mercury.
For full details, including dates and ticket prices, visit www.grovetheatre.co.uk or call the box office on 01582 60 20 80.
Behr Paint, part of Masco Coatings Group, created a pop-up 'Trend Home' in New York's Grand Central Station celebrating its first ever colour of the year.
Behr Paint's 'Trend Home' pop-up gave commuters passing through Grand Central Station a chance to "pause and enjoy a moment of calm through colour".
The Moment T18-15, a blue-green which aims to honour nature and create a soothing atmosphere, has been named as Behr Paint's colour palette of the year. Each room of the 'Trend Home' pop-up had been designed so that guests could discover the palette's different hues.
Guests could explore colour using virtual reality through headsets available at the event. Brand ambassadors from Behr were onsite to give visitors colour tips and advice on DIY projects.
The first 5,000 attendees received a custom Behr 2018 Colour Trends VR experience cardboard headset.
More: In January, Airbnb and Pantone teamed up to create the 'Outside In' house experience which celebrated Pantone's colour for the year, Greenery.
In March, Currys PC World launched a colour-themed pop-up to mark the launch of the AEG premium laundry collection.
For your daily hit of news from the brand experience community, weekly brand and inspiration updates or your monthly trend download, register and subscribe to Event and our bulletins.
Follow @HannahLEllison1
Comment below to let us know what you think.
Janelle Monae's Dirty Computer
Janelle Monáe has revealed the tracklist for her new album, Dirty Computer, ahead of its release later this week (April 27th). A collaboration with The Beach Boys' Brian Wilson (!) kicks off the 14-song effort. Other guests include Grimes (“PYNK”), Pharrell Williams (“I Got the Juice”), and Zoë Kravitz (“Screwed”). As previously reported, Prince was also heavily involved in the album's creation, including contributing the synth line to the lead single, “Make Me Feel”.
Earlier this week, Monáe announced a North American tour in support of Dirty Computer. Find those dates here.
Dirty Computer Tracklist:
01. Dirty Computer (feat. Brian Wilson)
02. Crazy, Classic, Life
03. Take a Byte
04. Jane's Dream
05. Screwed (feat. Zoë Kravitz)
06. Django Jane
07. PYNK (feat. Grimes)
08. Make Me Feel
09. I Got the Juice (feat. Pharrell Williams)
10. I Like That
11. Stevie's Dream
12. Don't Judge Me
13. So Afraid
14. Americans
Watch Monáe's latest video for “I Like That”:
Tom Perriello visits College, advertises gubernatorial campaign
Virginia Gubernatorial candidate Tom Perriello visited the College of William and Mary on his college tour. COURTESY PHOTO / THE VIRGINIA GAZETTE
Friday, April 14, at an event co-hosted by the Young Democrats and VOX, Virginia gubernatorial candidate Tom Perriello said that he would not have chosen to run had Donald Trump not won the presidential election.
A former U.S. representative of the 5th congressional district of Virginia, Perriello spoke of forming an opposition to hate and creating a positive agenda for change.
I think we also need to not just resist, we also need to offer a positive vision that will leave no one behind,” Perriello said. “We always want to continue to work on transformation of hearts and minds.”
“I think we also need to not just resist, we also need to offer a positive vision that will leave no one behind,” Perriello said. “We always want to continue to work on transformation of hearts and minds.”
A self-described pragmatic populist, Perriello's last-minute campaign has excited crowds and garnered national attention. He received the endorsement of Bernie Sanders April 4, and he continues to lead a tour around the Commonwealth, including in coal country. Meanwhile, his opponent, Lieutenant Governor of Virginia Ralph Northam, has received the endorsement of nearly every Virginia elected official. The two will go head-to-head in the primary June 13.
The reason for Sanders' endorsement became clear as Perriello described his plans for economic and educational change in Virginia, including a $15 minimum wage, two free years of community college or career and technical training and a detestation for trickle-down economics. He also emphasized that he wants to invest more in people, green energy and infrastructure, and he did not shy away from mentioning the possibility of raising taxes.
“We should wake up in the morning with a sense of urgency,” Perriello said. “We have a system right now that's not investing in people.”
Perriello also spoke about Virginia's outdated criminal code. He said that the Commonwealth has a code that is 50-60 years out of date, underpaid public defense attorneys and extremely high bail levels, all of which lead to extremely high numbers of imprisoned people. He said that Virginia needs to focus its resources on crimes that actually threaten public safety.
“In Virginia we make it a crime to be poor,” Perriello said.
Faisal Alami '20 raised concerns about the Affordable Care Act and how Perriello would go about helping the uninsured.
“Many people are still underinsured or uninsured because private healthcare companies carry a lot of power,” Alami said.
Perriello agreed and said he believes fights like this can be won not in Richmond but in Lee County and Wise County and areas that are not as populous and powerful as Richmond. He also emphasized that he wants to treat addiction as a disease and not as a crime.
“Hopefully if the circus about whether or not to keep the Affordable Care Act is over we can focus on how to strengthen it,” Perriello said.
Perriello discussed gerrymandering and how he would veto any gerrymandered proposals for redistricting, even if they were bipartisan. He also spoke about voting laws in Virginia and said that they make voting extremely difficult.
“We are the birthplace of American democracy; we are also the birthplace of slavery,” Perriello said. “Why on earth are we still voting like it's the 18th century? I've literally been in war zones with easier and more efficient voting than here.”
When asked about money in politics and how he can bring other progressives in on his coattails if he wins, Perriello said he believes the House of Delegates is in play, and that he would much rather have a slate of more diverse candidates than more money. He said the amount of money in politics is “ridiculous” and “corrupt,” yet admitted to benefitting from it himself.
Perriello said that any reform in Virginia would be a step forward, and that it is possible right now because of the momentum progressives currently have.
“We can win this thing because all the intensity is on our side,” Perriello said. “When I talk to Trump supporters now there's not a lot of fist-pumping, no ‘He really stuck it to the refugees today.'”
Haley Arata '17 said she also feels the excitement of Perriello's campaign. The Virginia gubernatorial race has traditionally been a test of the new president, as it is the first election to follow any president's inauguration.
Arata volunteered on Perriello's campaign for Congress but said that she especially feels the momentum of this race given current events.
When Perriello announced his candidacy it was like a breath of fresh air,” Arata said. “This is what democracy is about.”
“When Perriello announced his candidacy it was like a breath of fresh air,” Arata said. “This is what democracy is about.”
Perriello said that given the extremism of the White House, now is the time to capitalize on traditionally Republican voters. He said he believes that given the choice of voting party-line or voting for the needs and well-being of their families, Virginia Republicans will switch over.
“People don't identify with the extremism,” Perriello said. “We need to stand fiercely in opposition to hate.”
When asked about his controversial vote for the Stupak-Pitts amendment to the Affordable Care Act, an amendment which would prohibit the use of federal funds to pay for abortions except in special cases, Perriello said that he had made a commitment to his constituents at the time to not support any health care reform bill that allowed for public funding of abortions.
Perriello said he has always been pro-choice and that this vote was a mistake. He also said that he has evolved on the issue of public funding for abortion and now understands the structural inequalities that it encompasses.
“I won't just continue to veto attacks on women's rights but we will have to make sure we are fighting for women's rights,” Perriello said.
Perriello also addressed another controversy: the fact that he once had an A rating from the NRA and that it had endorsed his reelection campaign. He said that it had become a “nut job extremist” organization and was not what it was in the past.
Talia Schmitt '17 asked how Perriello was planning on uniting an extremely diverse and disparate state.
Perriello said that his campaign is visiting many red counties for this reason. He said he hopes to unite the commonwealth over shared family issues because the two groups most likely to use the community college system he is promoting are people in rural communities and people of color, the two groups Trump wants to set against each other.
“I believe this year is about something exciting, not just about holding onto the governorship,” Perriello said. “I want to build a coalition not just across parties but across regions and reduce human suffering.”
President of the Young Democrats Sahil Mehrotra '17 said he was grateful to have had both Democratic candidates for governor on campus and that he is glad students had the chance to question both about their platforms and what they want to do for Virginia.
“I think it's just great that we can have valuable conversations about what it means to be a Democrat and be a part of the Democratic Party and what the future of the party is,” Mehrotra said.
Companies cited in this article
The Investment Industry Association of Canada (IIAC) is lauding a decision by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the Treasury Department that it says will provide relief to IIAC member firms that operate as U.S. qualified intermediaries.
A qualified intermediary is a non-U.S. financial firm that has an agreement with the IRS to track the U.S. or foreign status of beneficial client-owners, report U.S.- source income, and to withhold U.S. tax.
On Aug. 4, the IRS issued a notice indicating that it and Treasury intended to delay the effective date of certain revised requirements related to Section 871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. The regulations associated with Section 871(m) are aimed at preventing non-U.S. persons from using derivative instruments to avoid U.S. withholding tax on U.S. equities. The IRS also intends to delay the phase-in period for certain other provisions related to 871(m).
"The [revised] changes expanded [the scope] of what firms have to report, and some of that expanded reporting has been delayed an extra year [to January 2019], which our firms wanted, because they have to change quite a bit of what they're tracking," says Adrian Walrath, assistant director of policy with the IIAC.
The delay in implementation will also give the IIAC more time to communicate with the IRS its members' reservations regarding some of the implications of the new regulations. In May, the IIAC wrote to the IRS outlining its concerns, one of which would be the possible effective double taxation of certain payments under the revised regulations.
"This [delay] is a good step to give us more time to either figure out how to avoid the double-taxation," Walrath says, "or to lobby the IRS to keep what they would call the temporary rules that are in place right now that don't have the expanded scope in place."
Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Wednesday demanded greater accountability from WhatsApp and said it would not take “rocket science” on the part of the social media giant to identify provocative messages that are being used to incite violence across the country.In a conversation with CNN-News18, the Information Technology minister said that WhatsApp is reaping commercial gains from India and must remain accountable and vigilant to prevent abuse of its platform.“I wish to convey to them in unmistakable terms that India is the biggest market for WhatsApp. Therefore, they have an important responsibility and accountability in India. More particularly, if their platform is being misused - to spread hatred or to instigate to kill - they have to act upon this information. That is plain and simple,” the minister said.WhatsApp has come under fire following a spate of lynching incidents triggered by provocative messages circulating on its platform. On Tuesday, the government issued a warning to the popular messaging app owned by Facebook asking it to take immediately take measures to prevent the spread of "irresponsible and explosive messages".The string of lynchings across the country that has been fueled by rumours of child lifters has left the government stunned and grappling for ways to control the rising violence. In the last one year, 31 people have been killed over the rumours for no fault of theirs.But the killings have seen a sharp spike in the last couple of months, with 19 people being beaten to death by mobs that fell for the fake social media messages.The cases largely feature villagers, some of whom may be using smartphones for the first time. Inflamed by fake warnings of child trafficking rings or organ harvesters, they have attacked innocent bystanders and beaten them to death. In Tripura, even the official that was appointed to dispel the rumours was lynched.WhatsApp has responded to the government notice saying it is "horrified" by the "terrible acts of violence" and has outlined steps being taken by the company to curb abuse of its platform. It also highlighted that fake news, misinformation, and hoaxes can be checked by the government, civil society and technology companies working together.Prasad said that curbing the rumours should not be tough for the US-based firm. “I acknowledge their prompt reply from California. Today in their reply, they've given two-three assurances that they're going to set-up systems to identify if bulk messages are being sent. They are also working with academics for more education about these things,” he said.He gave his own “plain and simple suggestion” to WhatsApp. “It does not need a rocket science. Technological solutions can be found in the event bulk messages are sent on a particular day, on a particular issue, in a particular area, of a particular state,” he said.When asked about WhatsApp's usual defence of end-to-end encryption, Prasad said he was not concerned about it. “I am more importantly concerned about the security and safety of Indians. If any misuse of WhatsApp continues, we know our powers,” he said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain has woken up to a morning of commuter chaos, school closures and public transport cancellations after yesterday's 'snow bomb'.
But it's not over yet, as forecasters have warned temperatures could plummet to -8C tonight as Britain continues to shiver in the Arctic blast.
The Met Office has issued several yellow weather warnings for snow and ice today, with areas in Scotland, Northern Ireland Wales and the Midlands suffering the most.
Some regions are set to see more snow either tomorrow or Tuesday, with ice and fog also affecting conditions on the roads, as well as causing delays and cancellations to public transport services.
Where snow has fallen through Sunday icy stretches are likely to form quite widely with some temporary melting of snow and then refreezing overnight.
Some further icy stretches are likely in parts of south Wales and southwest England where roads remain wet from overnight rain and seepage.
See how your area could be affected below.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Here is how your area will look
Scotland
Today has started with scattered wintry showers, which will quickly die out. It will be mainly dry and cold with some sunshine.
A yellow weather warning is in place for the Highlands, with some snow (between 2-5cm) possible over northern mainland Scotland until 4pm today.
What's left of the showers, which are wintry over high ground, will die away overnight.
A widespread frost, and maybe some icy stretches, will develop under clearing skies. Minimum temperature -7 °C.
Even more snow is possible on Tuesday, which will start frosty and dry before clouding over with sleet and snow expected after dark.
(Image: PA)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
North West England
It's been a chilly start to the day, with severe frost for many. The rest of the day will stay largely dry with plenty of sunshine.
Temperatures will remain low, with most areas struggling to rise much above freezing.
A dry and clear night for most with the risk of freezing fog patches. Turning very cold again with a widespread and severe frost. Minimum temperature -6 °C.
More snow could be possible on Tuesday, which will start dry before clouding over during the evening. Patchy rain, hill snow and a chilly breeze is expected.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Yorkshire and Humber
A mainly dry but very cold start to the week. Periods of winter sunshine in the west, although some wintry showers may affect the east.
A widespread frost at first, with temperatures struggling to climb above freezing
Tonight widespread frost is expected again, developing across the region through the evening. Some wintry showers persisting along the coast through much of the night, but easing by dawn. Minimum temperature -4 °C.
On Tuesday, you can expect a frosty start, then a largely dry, fine, but cold day with bright or sunny spells. Turning cloudier from the west later, with overnight rain.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Northern Ireland
Some icy stretches are likely in Northern Ireland today.
There will be a mixture of bright or sunny spells and wintry showers, the showers turning to rain at low levels. Feeling cold again with a freshening northerly breeze.
Tonight, showers will die away overnight as winds ease. A widespread frost will develop under clearing skies.
Minimum temperature -4 °C.
A mainly dry and bright start on Tuesday with the best sunshine in east. Outbreaks of rain, with snow on high ground, will spread east during the afternoon and evening.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Splash News)
East Midlands
Monday morning has started mainly dry and cloudy, with any remaining snowfall gradually dying out.
It will be very cold for most of the day, with temperatures struggling to climb above freezing.
Skies clearing through the evening with winds easing. Temperatures will fall sharply to give a widespread overnight frost.
Some wintry showers may affect the east coast through the early hours. Minimum temperature -4 °C.
On Tuesday, it will be a frosty start, then a largely dry, fine, but cold day with some bright or sunny spells. Turning cloudier from the west later, with overnight rain.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
West Midlands
A bitterly cold to start to Monday morning.
Light snow will affect some areas at first, mainly towards the east. This will ease through the morning to leave the rest of the day dry with sunshine. Very cold and icy throughout.
It will be dry overnight with largely clear skies, although a little freezing fog patches may form.
With light winds, there will be another widespread and severe frost with a continued ice risk. Minimum temperature -7 °C.
On Tuesday, any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Sunshine will turn hazier through the afternoon but it should remain dry until evening. Staying very cold.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: PA)
Wales
Widespread frost and ice to start with light snow across some southeastern areas.
This will soon clear to leave plenty of dry and sunny weather, although showers will affect some western coastal areas. Staying very cold throughout the day.
Tonight, showers across western coastal areas will gradually ease. Dry elsewhere with clear spells, although isolated freezing fog patches may form.
Very cold with a widespread and severe frost. Minimum temperature -8 °C.
On Tuesday, any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Turning cloudier through the afternoon with patchy rain in the west and more of breeze by evening.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA)
South East England and London
It's been a damp start to Monday morning, with a mixture of sleet and snow, along with strong winds, perhaps reaching gale force along Channel coasts.
Cold with icy patches in the north through the morning before becoming drier in the west later.
Tonight skies will clear from the west with winds easing. Temperatures will fall sharply to give an overnight frost.
Some wintry showers may affect the east coast through the early hours. Minimum temperature -4 °C.
On Tuesday, it will be a frosty start, then a largely dry, fine, but cold day with bright or sunny spells. Cloud pushing into the west later.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA)
South West England
A rather cloudy start with patchy rain, sleet or snow clearing southeastwards.
Turning drier and sunnier for most, although a few showers will affect the far west of Cornwall. A cold and windy day for most
Tonight, showers will continue across western Cornwall. Dry elsewhere with clear spells, although isolated freezing fog patches may form.
It will feel very cold with a widespread and severe frost. Minimum temperature -4 °C.
Tuesday morning will start sunny after the fog has lifted. It will turn cloudier through the afternoon with patchy rain and a breeze by the evening.
How to stay safe while driving in the snow - and the items you should never use to scrape ice off your car
Met Office has yellow weather warnings in place
The Met Office still has yellow weather warnings in place for certain regions around the country.
Some snowfall has continued over night, and ice has made commuters' lives a misery this morning with slow-moving traffic and cancellations to public transport.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
The Met Office's chief forecaster said: "With cold conditions and some snow lying over parts of England, as well as further rain pushing in from the southeast during the second half of the night, icy stretches have formed on untreated surfaces.
"At the same time some snow will fall over parts of southeast England this morning and early afternoon as well as over parts of East Anglia in the afternoon. However, most accumulations here should be above about 100 m.
"This is only a low impact warning with impacts much less widespread and less significant than across parts of England and Wales on Sunday."
KIEV/MOSCOW (Reuters) - A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing about his own killing by the Ukrainian state security service.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko (C), who was reported murdered in the Ukrainian capital on May 29, Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko (R) and head of the state security service (SBU) Vasily Gritsak attend a news briefing in Kiev, Ukraine May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria, had been shot dead at his flat and that his wife had found him in a pool of blood.
His reported murder had triggered a war of words between Ukraine and Russia and sent shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
But on Wednesday, an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying he had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on his life and said he was fine.
“I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through,” Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears at times, told reporters.
“I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the Hell that she has been through.”
He went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving his life and said the most important thing was that what he called other big acts of terror had been thwarted. He did not specify what those planned acts were.
The SBU said it had received information about the plot and had managed to prevent it.
Babchenko, a Putin critic, lived in the Ukrainian capital after receiving threats at home for saying he did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday he was convinced what he called “the Russian totalitarian machine” had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called his honesty.
The Kremlin described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
“This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder. It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough, objective investigation,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well.
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for his comments in a 2016 Facebook post on a Russian military plane crash. He said his comments had resulted in thousands of threats, his home address being published online and calls for him to be deported.
The plane, carrying 92 people, including dozens of Red Army Choir singers, dancers and orchestra members, crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016, killing everyone on board.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who was reported murdered in the Ukrainian capital on May 29, speaks during a news briefing by the Ukrainian state security service in Kiev, Ukraine May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
Share:
QUETTA - Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on Wednesday said that despite challenges the PML-N government during its five-year term in office had done much by bringing innovation and change in almost every sector of life and economy.
Speaking at the inauguration of National Incubation Center organised by the Ministry of IT and Telecom here, the Prime Minister said that be it economic growth, energy crisis, power outages, connectivity etc., the PML-N government remained successful in addressing major issues facing the country.
He said that the network of roads and highways as well as motorways constructed during the last five years were unprecedented. Similarly, the addition of thousands of megawatts of power in national grid during this period was also not done even during the last 65 years, he added.
The Prime Minister hoped that the next government would carry forward the prudent policies adopted and pursued by the present government. He said that an amount of Rs 26 billion was allocated for the development of IT sector in Balochistan which helped ensure 3G connectivity and services in the province.
The development of IT sector in Balochistan would help generate more job opportunities in the province, he added.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Christian Dior:
* CHRISTIAN DIOR GROUP RECORDED REVENUE OF 43.7 BILLION EUROS IN 2017, AN INCREASE OF 11% OVER PREVIOUS YEAR
* CAUTIOUSLY CONFIDENT FOR 2018
* PROFIT FROM RECURRING OPERATIONS REACHED 8,373 MILLION EUROS IN 2017, AN INCREASE OF 15%
* DIVIDEND OF 5 EUROS PER SHARE WILL BE PROPOSED IN RESPECT OF 2017 FISCAL YEAR
* FY NET PROFIT GROUP SHARE EUR 2.24 BILLION VERSUS EUR 1.76 BILLION YEAR AGO‍​
* SEES CONTINUED GROWTH MOMENTUM ACROSS ALL BUSINESS GROUPS IN 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PARIS -- Reigning US Open champion Sloane Stephens did not waste any time reaching the third round of the French Open on Wednesday, and her clinical display impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe.
Stephens, who did not play in Paris last year because of a foot injury, advanced at the clay-court Grand Slam with a 6-2, 6-2 win over qualifier Magdalena Frech.
Just FYI.
Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament — Patrick McEnroe (@PatrickMcEnroe) May 30, 2018
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point in the match.
Direct-to-home operator Tata Sky and video streaming major Netflix today said they have entered into a strategic partnership for content delivery.
Through this partnership, Tata Sky subscribers in India will be able to browse and access the entire Netflix service, including TV shows, films, documentaries, in the coming months through future Tata Sky platforms, according to a joint statement released by the companies.
"Tata Skys partnership with Netflix adds another dimension to providing world-wide quality content on-demand for our subscribers. Keeping up with our promise of pioneering innovation, we will soon announce the offering that is possible with this partnership," said Harit Nagpal, managing director and chief executive officer, Tata Sky.
The DTH operator currently has a presence across 2 lakh towns with over 18 million connections in the country.
Commenting on the partnership, Netflix global head of business development Bill Holmes said, "With this new partnership and Netflix's stellar line up of original content from across the world, Tata Skys customers will be able to seamlessly access and enjoy all the best entertainment in one place."
One of the dangerous ills of society we have not been able to resolve is the drunk driver.
Umpteen campaigns have not done it. Fines and suspensions have not done it.
How do you stop it? Mandate alcohol ignition devices for every vehicle?
Federal Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould wants to drop the legal limit of alcohol in your blood from .08 to .05.
Unhappy restaurant owners say that means couples won't be able to share a bottle of wine – they'd be down to one or two glasses and that means a loss of revenue.
What can they do – invite people to take a breathalyser before they leave?
In various provinces, blow over .05 and lose your drivers' license and vehicle for a short time and get fined. Blow over .08 and it's more of the above and you'll pay up to a grand to take a responsible drivers' course.
What more does it take?
How do you feel about a flat federal .05 law?
Would we be wiser to just bite the liquor bottle bullet and make it zero tolerance across the board?
Or, do you think there would still be just as many drunk drivers on the road?
Let me hear your solution.
Bob Layton is the news manager of the Corus Edmonton group of radio stations and a commentator for Global News.
Police are appealing for the public's help to trace a wanted man.
David Ambler, 20, is wanted in connection with two burglaries in Durham and criminal damage in Seaham.
Durham Constabulary is asking for information on his whereabouts. A spokeswoman said: “Mr Ambler knows that he is wanted and is evading police.
"Anyone harbouring him could potentially be committing a criminal offence.”
Mr Ambler has links to Durham, Seaham, Easington and Sunderland.
Anyone with information should contact Durham City CID via 101.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
SUB-BIDS REQUESTED Portland International Airport (PDX) Parking Additions and Consolidated Rental Car Facility Electrical Trade Partner Bids Due: 1/5/18 at 2PM JE Dunn Construction invites written and sealed proposals for qualified Trade Partners to provide preconstruction and design-assist services for Electrical Work on the PACR project. Upon successful preconstruction participation, the intent is to award the Trade Partner a contract ...
New Delhi: The US-based electric car major Tesla is in discussion with Indian government seeking relief on import duties till a local factory is built here, according to the company's Chief Executive Elon Musk.
Earlier this year, Musk had stated that he was hoping for Tesla to enter India this summer with its products, which has so far not materialised.
"In discussion with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built," Musk said in a tweet.
At present, India imposes 60 percent customs duty on import of completely-built electric cars priced less than US $40,000. If the electric car is assembled in India, the customs duty on the completely knocked down units is 10 percent.
If the value of the imported car is more than US $40,000 the customs duty is 100 percent.
Replying to Musk's tweet, Paytm founder Vijay Shekhar asked if there was an option to import some right hand drive Model X in India and indicated that, if so he would pay full duties.
Last year in April, Tesla had stated that it planned to enter India with its Model 3 in 2017 while it began global rollout of the vehicle in late 2016.
Model 3 is Tesla's most affordable car yet and achieves 215 miles of range per charge while starting at US $35,000 before incentives. The company's other models include Model S and Model X.
Musk has been showing increasing interest in the country of late and had earlier this month tweeted about India's commitment to sell only electric cars by 2030.
"It is already the largest market for solar power," he had tweeted.
Mahindra group Chairman Anand Mahindra responded to Musk's tweet in a lighter vein saying, "time you got out here Elon. You don't want to leave that whole market to Mahindra do you?? The more the merrier- and greener..!"
Madonna Sue (Barr) Hilligoss, 73, of Godfrey, died at 2:58 p.m. on Friday, Aug. 11, 2017, at Barnes Hospital in St. Louis.
She was born Feb. 6, 1944, in Mattoon, Ill., the daughter of the late Hubert and Iva (White) Barr. She was a member of St. John's Lutheran Church in Springfield. Mrs. Hilligoss was secretary for Illinois State Senator Robert Mitchler and legislative aide for speaker of the house, Robert Blair. She also was Administrative Assistant for the director of Illinois Fire Commission. Later in life, she was a partner with her husband, who owned Browns Chicken Restaurant and later The Shoe Factory; she also worked at Dillard's department store as a Sales Associate and retired as a teacher's aide from the Alton School District. She had a great love of pets and enjoyed rescuing them.
On Feb. 26, 1965, in Springfield, Ill., she married Robert Hilligoss and he survives. Also surviving are two sons; Kevin Hilligoss (Michelle) of Alton and Ryan Hilligoss (Kimberly) of Cortland, Ill.; four grandchildren, Graham Hilligoss and Aurora Hilligoss of Cortland, Ill., and Audrey Hilligoss and Annalynn Hilligoss of Godfrey; and one sister; Glenda Wikoff (Forest Wikoff) of Decatur, Ill.
She was preceded in death by one son, Sean Hilligoss.
Visitation will be from 10 a.m. until time of funeral service at 2 p.m. on Saturday, Aug. 19, 2017, at Gent Funeral Home in Alton with Jay McCurdy officiating. Burial will be private. Memorials may be made to www.MichaelJFox.org or Lightofday.org or 5A's animal shelter. Additional information and online guestbook may be found at gentfuneralhome.com.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
“Common sense tells you that if a witness says one thing in the witness box, but has said something quite different on an earlier occasion, this may reduce the value of his or her evidence,” Popescul told jurors Friday before the Crown rested its case.
Justice Martel Popescul's midtrial instructions to the jury came a day after some witnesses to the killing admitted on the stand that they made last-minute changes to their stories and lied to investigators.
BATTLEFORD, SASK.—Saskatchewan's chief justice addressed some inconsistencies Friday in the testimony from key Crown witnesses at the trial of a farmer accused of murdering an Indigenous man.
Gerald Stanley, 56, is accused of second-degree murder in the death of 22-year-old Colten Boushie near Biggar, Sask., on Aug. 9, 2016.
Boushie was sitting in the passenger seat of a grey Ford Escape SUV when he was shot to death on Stanley's farm. Boushie's friends have testified that they were looking for help with a flat tire when they went to the farm.
Stanley's son has testified that his father told him he was only trying to scare the young people away and the gun just went off.
Popescul was addressing the testimony of Eric Meechance, Cassidy Cross and Belinda Jackson, who were in the SUV with Boushie.
Cross admitted Thursday that he had lied to police in his initial statement about carrying a gun, how much alcohol he had consumed and about breaking into a truck on the day his friend was killed.
Jackson initially told police she saw a woman shoot Boushie.
“I wouldn't say I lied to them. I didn't tell them the whole truth,” Jackson said Thursday. “Everything started coming back to me later when I was on my own.”
Popescul said jurors should consider any explanation the witnesses gave for the differences.
“Consider whether the differences are significant,” he said. “You should also consider the fact, nature and extent of any differences when you decide whether to rely on their testimony.”
An autopsy report filed as evidence said Boushie had a blood-alcohol level more than three times the legal limit when he was fatally shot. Blood alcohol was listed between 263 and 266 milligrams. In Canada, legal intoxication is 80 milligrams.
Forensic pathologist Dr. Shaun Ladham detailed in his report that Boushie was a reasonably healthy young man. He said there were no other significant signs of trauma other than a bullet wound that entered just below the left ear and exited through his right neck.
Ladham noted the bullet had a downward trajectory.
Stanley's lawyer, Scott Spencer, told court he planned to present his opening arguments on Monday, but went ahead and called a gun and ammunition expert as the first witness for the defence.
— Follow @BillGraveland on Twitter
Miss World 2017: Haryana girl Manushi Chhillar ends India's dry spell at the International beauty pageant by reclaiming the crown 17 years after Priyanka Chopra's epic win
Source: Yahoo Lifestyle
Seventeen years ago, Priyanka Chopra made India proud by getting crowned Miss World 2000. And now, ending India's dry spell at the international beauty pageant, Haryana Girl Manushi Chhillar has won the Miss World 2017 crown. Miss World 2016 winner Puerto Rico's Stephanie Del Valle passed on the coveted crown to the new queen. Manushi was earlier crowned this year's Femina Miss India World 2017, which got her the ticket to the global competition.
Miss Mexico Andrea Meza was announced the first runner-up, while Miss England Stephanie Hill was declared the second runner-up at an event held at Sanya City Area, China.
Miss India Manushi Chillar, 21, was named one of the five winners of the Beauty with a Purpose award at Miss World 2017 at the Sanya City Arena . The other winners of the title were contestants from South Africa, Vietnam, Indonesia and Philippines. Our girl made it from top 40 to 15. As many as 108 beauty queens from different parts of the world participated in the prestigious beauty pageant.
It was her heartfelt response to the question posed by the judges that made her win the coveted title — which profession in the world deserves the highest salary and why. Manushi replied: “My mother has been my biggest inspiration, so I have to say, a mother's job. It is not always about cash, but love and respect as well. A mother deserves that the most,” she said.
Manushi Chillar, born to doctor parents from Haryana, studied at St. Thomas School in Delhi and Bhagat Phool Singh Government Medical College for Women in Sonepat. In an interview during her grooming, she said: “The only thing I believe is certain in life is uncertainty, and this is what is amazing about the pageant.”She had also said that she is confident of winning the crown. Apart from the title, Chillar also won the Beauty with Purpose award.
(With Inputs from IANS)
Like Richard Nixon in Watergate, Trump is methodically getting rid of the key U.S. Justice Department and FBI people who threaten him.
In a chaotic, yearlong presidency that never ceases to astound, this past week has been a turning point. But at least we can now see what shape Trump's catastrophic game plan is taking.
For the United States, on the brink of a historical constitutional crisis, the consequences will be profound. Such an assault on America's democracy may outdo Watergate in terms of enduring lethal damage.
It is now becoming clear what desperate steps Trump is preparing to take to stop the Robert Mueller investigation and salvage his failing presidency. And it is now becoming apparent that he will soon try to shut down the Mueller probe entirely.
Donald Trump is locked and loaded, as he would want it written, and America's bleeding democracy is in his crosshairs. The clock is ticking.
As the Mueller probe creeps closer to the Oval Office, an alarmed Trump is aggressively quickening his pace as a supine Republican Congress largely hides under the bed.
But no such happy ending is certain here.
This is resembling a slow-motion replay of Nixon's infamous 1973 “Saturday Night Massacre” in which he desperately tried to shut down the investigation that ultimately doomed his presidency. In that drama, largely due to principled opposition from his own Republican party, Nixon failed in his efforts — and the country recovered.
This week, Trump showed how bitterly he is now at war with the FBI and the Justice Department — determined to discredit the Mueller investigation as partisan and bogus by defaming the law enforcement agencies it relies on.
And one-by-one, Trump is trying to eliminate their leadership.
First, it was FBI director James Comey, the man who headed the investigation into Trump's Russia ties a year ago. He was fired by the president last May after refusing to pledge loyalty to Trump.
A month later, according to The New York Times, Trump tried to fire Mueller but held off — for the time being — after his White House counsel, Don McGahn, threatened to resign. And last Monday, after unrelenting criticism from Trump, deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe announced his sudden departure.
Next on Trump's hit list are certain to be the two remaining officials with integrity who stand between Trump and Mueller: deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein, who now oversees Mueller's probe, and FBI director Christopher Wray, who succeeded Comey after he was fired.
The president realizes that he needs to get rid of them first in order to get at Mueller, and is aware of the risks ahead of him if he doesn't act.
Trump knows what Mueller must now know — that Trump is not only guilty of obstruction of justice and collusion with the Russians, but even more damning, his suspect business empire has been knee-deep in illegal money-laundering schemes with Russian oligarchs and mobsters for years.
Beyond sexual blackmail the Russians may very well have on Trump — kompromat as it's known in Russian intelligence circles — what else would explain why America's president has been so beholden to Russia's Vladimir Putin?
It won't be long before Trump makes his next move.
He knows that the longer he waits, the more damning will be the criminal case that Mueller and his team are building against Trump and his family. And at least now — until the Democrats win next November's midterm elections — he undoubtedly believes that a largely passive Republican Congress will let him have his way.
A column that I wrote in August — titled “We now know how the Trump presidency will end. Let's hope we survive” — was picked up by several American websites and garnered thousands of responses.
In the column, I predicted what Trump would likely do as a last resort if he feels his presidency is threatened: “His only remaining hope will be a 9/11-scale disaster or contrived war that he can exploit.”
There is so much noise and distraction emanating from the Trump White House that it is easy not to hear certain things.
But if we listen closely, we can hear the quiet drumbeats of war in the halls of Washington regarding the desirability of military conflict with a nuclear-armed North Korea and, separately, with Iran.
In the perilous days ahead, we shall soon learn whether anyone in America is listening.
Tony Burman is former head of Al Jazeera English and CBC News. Reach him @TonyBurman or at tony.burman@gmail.com.
FILE PHOTO: A labourer works inside a coal yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad, India April 6, 2017.
REUTERS - Coal India Ltd, the world's largest coal miner, said its first-quarter profit fell 23 percent, missing analysts' estimates.
Profit fell to 23.51 billion rupees ($366.7 million) for the three months ended June 30, from 30.65 billion rupees a year earlier, the state-run company said on Monday. bit.ly/2vBuz4z
Analysts on average had expected the company to post a quarterly profit of 26.62 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Coal production of the Kolkata-based company, which accounts for more than 80 percent of India's output, fell to 118.84 million tonnes in the quarter from 125.67 million tonnes a year earlier.
($1 = 64.1050 rupees)
Share:
ISLAMABAD - The accountability court will announce its verdict in the Avenfield corruption reference filed by NAB against disqualified premier Nawaz Sahrif, Maryam Nawaz, Hussain Nawaz, Hassan Nawaz and Capt (r) Safdar on July 6 (Friday).
The court reserved the judgment after the defence counsel concluded his arguments in the case Tuesday. The court directed all the accused in the Avenfield corruption reference to ensure their presence before it on Friday.
The accountability court reserved the judgment in the Avenfield case after 117 hearings in which Sharif appeared for 78 times, Maryam Nawaz 80 times and Capt (r) Safdar for 92 times. The hearing was completed in nine months and 20 days.
The National Accountability Bureau filed the Avenfield corruption reference against the Sharif family on September 8, 2017. Later, it also filed a supplementary reference in the same case on the basis of new evidence on January 22, 2018. The prosecution produced a total of 19 witnesses before the court in the Avenfield case.
The accountability court indicted Nawaz Sharif on September 26, 2017, and Maryam Nawaz and Capt (r) Safdar on October 19, 2017. The former premier appeared before the court for the first time on September 26, 2017, and Maryam Nawaz on October 9 in the case. On October 26, the accountability court issued bailable arrest warrants for Sharif over his frequent absence from the court.
On June 11, defence counsel Khawaja Harris along with his team recused himself from all the corruption cases against the Sharif and withdrew his power of attorney, stating he could not work under pressure. He again appeared before the court on June 19 and filed a new petition for withdrawal of his earlier application through which he had recused himself from the corruption references against Sharif.
The court had also declared Hussain Nawaz and Hassan absconders after their failure to show up in the court in the Avenfield case.
Earlier, Amjad Pervez, defence counsel for Maryam Nawaz, while giving final arguments in the Avenfield reference, stated the joint investigation team (JIT) that probed the Panama Papers from the very beginning had made up its mind to tighten the rope against the Sharif family. He said an investigation based on honesty could only fulfil all requirements of a fair and transparent trial.
He pointed out the JIT did not take on board Lawrence Redley and Arena for investigation, which put a question mark on the status of the investigation and made it partial and biased. He said all the documents which went in favour of the Sharif family were not made part of the JIT report. He argued the JIT also did not furnish any reason for not making these documents part of the report.
“The Panama JIT team did not make any effort to dig out known sources of income of the Sharif family,” said Pervez. He said the JIT did not reveal information about mutual legal assistance (MLA) correspondence. “It could be mysterious why the JIT did not disclose the information about those MLAs that was furnished by the authorities concerned,” he questioned. He said the JIT demonstrated its biased conduct by hiding the information received in the response of the dispatched MLAs.
The defence counsel alleged, without receiving any response and reply about the real owners, it was contended in the court by the prosecution that Maryam Nawaz was a beneficial owner of Avenfield properties. He said the JIT did not receive any reply regarding the MLA of May 31, 2017. The JIT had a register to maintain a record of letters, Pervez said, adding there was no record available about the documents attached with the JIT report.
He said on the basis of British Virgin Islands (BVI) letters, a case was framed against Maryam Nawaz and the prosecution failed to prove the stance. Section G-21 was not implemented in this particular case, Pervez said, adding Maryam Nawaz had refuted the BVI letters. He also added the law considered second-hand evidence and testimonials as weak testimonies. “These are third-hand pieces of evidence and the law doesn't give any importance to such meager evidence,” he argued.
The defence counsel also stated the FIA and the BVI never stated that Maryam Nawaz was the beneficial owner of Avenfield properties. He contended any paper evidence coming from outside the country could not be solely relied upon. It had to be identified and judged in accordance with the law of the land.
He said the evidence provided by JIT head Wajid Zia was based on hearsay and the documents presented by him were baseless and grounded on hearsay.
Meanwhile, hearing in the Al-Azizia corruption reference was held in the accountability court and Wajid Zia was cross-questioned by Sharif's counsel. Zia informed the court that as per professional licence of Ahle Steel Company, Abdur Rasheed Ahle and Tariq Shafi were partners. He also told the court that a copy of this licence in Arabic manuscript was also available on page 70 of Volume-111 of the JIT report. He also said a translated copy of this licence was available on pages 87 and 88 of the JIT report. He contended the address of the working place was also mentioned on the licence.
The hearing in the Al-Azizia reference case was adjourned until Wednesday (today).
It's not even over yet but this year's flu season in the Interior Health Authority region is already being touted as a particularly bad one.
“This season we have seen a high number of cases in terms of people that tested positive for influenza,” Interior Health medical health officer with Dr. Silvina Mema said. “We have seen more than the two previous years.”
So far this season, there have been 456 cases of influenza within the Interior Health Authority region and likely many more because those are only lab-confirmed cases. Thirty-five deaths have been reported at residential care facilities during outbreaks. There were no deaths during the last flu season.
“This year it hit harder and faster than in previous couple of years,” Mema said.
Mema said there was a big and sudden spike in the number of cases in the first couple of weeks of January. That has since tapered off, so while the worst of it may be behind us, the flu season is far from over.
“There is usually one peak and then a second wave so I would expect there might be a second wave this year,” Mema said.
Okanagan residents are being urged not to let their guards down and continue exercising caution to avoid getting sick.
“There is still lots of influenza circulating,” Mema said. “People still should be exercising caution using the respiratory etiquette that we emphasize – cough in your sleeve, wash your hands, dispose of your tissues, and stay home if sick.”
Jacob Hawkins Scores Modified Victory and Rob Trent Tops Wild Stock Feature
ROSSBURG, Ohio (April 15, 2017) – Nick Hoffman has been winning major modified races across the United States but Saturday night he etched his name into the Eldora Speedway record book by capturing his first Late Model checkered flag, winning the 25-lap Sunoco American Late Model Series main event in the speedway's 64th season opener.
Jacob Hawkins dominated the 20-lap UMP Modified feature event, while two-time and defending track champion Rob Trent closed out the evening with a win in the 15-lap Stock Car chase.
Hoffman, from Mooresville, North Carolina, inherited the lead when race leader Kent Robinson jumped a restart on the second lap and Hoffman never looked back running the high-line around the high-banked, one-half mile oval to perfection to beat Robinson to the checkered flag by nearly five car lengths.
“This isn't just my first win here in a late model, this is my first win ever in a late model,” Hoffman said. “I guess there is no better place to win one then here. This is really amazing.”
Robinson finished in the runner-up position, while defending Late Model track champion Jon Henry finished in third-place ahead of Hawkins and Jeff Babcock, who rallied to his top-five finish after a spin on the opening lap.
“I didn't know the leader could jump a start,” a disappointed Robinson said. “But I am not sure it would have made any difference.”
Rusty Schlenk, Casey Noonan, Nick Latham, Jared Bailey and Dustin Nobbe completed the top ten.
Hawkins, of Fairmont, West Virginia, then jumped into his modified and jumped to the early lead from his outside pole starting position and never looked back picking up his 6th career win at Eldora.
“We were a little off after the heat race and the guys made a couple adjustments and they obviously were the right one's because the car was flawless,” Hawkins said.
Jerry Bowersock finished in the runner-up position, while defending track champion Jeff Koz, Mike Learman and Jonathan Taylor completed the top five. Rounding out the top ten were Dylan Woodling, Jared Spalding, Evan Taylor, Joel Dick and Aaron Orr.
“He was really good up there in the top groove and I just wasn't sure I want to run that close to the wall,” Bowersock said. “I was hoping I could force him up a little higher on one of the
restarts and may he would make a mistake but he was just too good. We finished second to what I consider one of the best modified teams in the country so I have no complaints.”
Trent had dropped as far back as fifth-place in the Stock Car main event but then go the break he needed when Woodard spun from the lead just three laps from the finish. Trent then moved around Craig Swartz and Paul Pardo on the restart and held off a late charge by Donnie Jeschke to pick up the opening night win.
“We were a little loose early, but the tires really came in right before that and we were hooked up those last three laps,” Trent, from Lima, Ohio said.
Jeschke finished in second-place ahead of Pardo, Craig Swartz and Ed Hounshell. Frank Paladino, Anthony Goode, Jeremy Creech and Brandon Archey rounded out the top ten.
Next Saturday night Eldora Speedway hosts the Saturday Night Speedfest featuring the UMP Modifieds, the Eldora Stock Cars and the Vores Compacts. The springtime start-times will once again be in effect with spectator gates opening at 4:00 p.m., hot laps beginning at 5:00 p.m. and show time at 6:00 p.m.
About Eldora Speedway:
Since carved from a cornfield in the natural amphitheater that existed between the Eldora Ballroom and the Wabash River by bandleader Earl Baltes in 1954, Eldora Speedway has grown to be a frontrunner in motorsports growth and stability. Baltes chose to sell the legendary high-banked clay oval to motorsports entrepreneur and NASCAR, IndyCar and USAC champion Tony Stewart in 2004. Eldora celebrates its 64th consecutive season of racing in 2017 featuring the biggest events in short-track racing, including the: $100,000-to-win Dirt Late Model Dream Weekend on June 8th-9th-10th; the $50,000-to-win Kings Royal Weekend on July 13th-14th-15th; the Camping World Truck Series' Eldora Dirt Derby – NASCAR's only race on dirt on Wednesday, July 19th; the 47th Annual World 100 Weekend on September 7th-8th-9th; and the historic 4-Crown Nationals on September 22nd and 23rd. The complete schedule for Eldora's 64th consecutive season, including ticket and campsite information will be posted at www.EldoraSpeedway.com. Fans can get off-season access from Eldora Speedway by following @EldoraSpeedway on Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat, hitting ‘Like' at www.facebook.com/EldoraSpeedway and adding to over 4.8-million views of exclusive video on www.youtube.com/EldoraSpeedway.
Garry Monk insists any shopping in the transfer market at Middlesbrough will be about quality rather than quantity.
Aside from the goalkeeper department, where Boro have lost numbers one and two, Victor Valdes and Brad Guzan, there is very much a full squad at the Riverside.
It's always about only adding what is needed and necessary – it's not about bringing in numbers, it's about bringing in the right quality GARRY MONK
Former Swansea City and Leeds boss Monk said: “I have a good idea of where the squad is at and what it is.
“Of course, there will be ongoing discussions over the next couple of weeks, where we'll go a bit more in depth about how we're going to manage the group and if we do need to bring anyone in.
“It's always about only adding what is needed and necessary – it's not about bringing in numbers, it's about bringing in the right quality and what we can actually do.
“I've got a really good feeling about the clarity and how we're going to go about that – it aligns with how I work and I'm looking forward to that challenge as well.”
Monk believes there should be no hangover from the club's instant drop back to the Sky Bet Championship, instead pointing to the ability already there in the squad.
“I'm very excited to be working with the players and the squad,” said the 38-year-old. “There is a lot of quality here – a talented squad and a good squad.
“Over the next couple of weeks, I will assess where we are and what we need and how we take it forward.
“On the football side, I'm very clear about what I need to do. There is a clear way to try to get to the Premier League.
“After relegation, it feels like a big disappointment at the moment, but we need to get refocused and ready to go again.”
On the goalkeeping front, former Hartlepool United favourite Dimi Konstantopoulos is out of contract, while Tomas Mejias, Connor Ripley and Joe Fryer have returned from loan spells at Rayo Vallecano, Oldham and Pools.
Muddy car pulled from canal in Cape Coral
An unoccupied vehicle was pulled out from the bottom of a canal Wednesday morning on Southeast 20th Avenue.
The sedan was covered in mud and the windows were shattered. Witnesses said whoever was driving the car knocked over a sign before driving straight into the canal.
No one was inside the car when it was pulled from the water. The Cape Coral Police Department said no one was hurt and there are no charges pending at this time.
“It's scary. The first thing we thought was maybe there somebody inside,” Cape Coral resident Pablo Zuniga said.
The circumstances leading up to the crash and the identity of the driver remain unclear at this time.
Reporter: Brooke Shafer
Writer: Katherine Viloria
It takes a certain kind of person to land a Navy fighter jet on the deck of an aircraft carrier in the darkness. The execution must be perfect. When you are on a mission like this, knowing you have a hometown and a family who loves you, is a comfort. In this case, the town is Montesano and […]
The post Montesano's Joel Bialkowsky Flies High on His Way Home appeared first on GraysHarborTalk.
Comments
The Dominica Festivals Committee (DFC) has cut all ties with Val Cuffy and has informed him that with immediate effect he is no longer its Festival and Events Manager.
DNO understands that he was informed of the decision on Thursday.
The new development follows Cuffy's resignation submitted to the DFC earlier in the week which, according to reports, would take effect at the end of February.
In a no holds barred interview with state-owned DBS Radio, Cuffy gave two reasons for resigning from the organization, which he said was based “on principle and my conscience after several attempts to try and do things properly.”
The first had to do with the DFC's decision not to allow eight-time calypso monarch, Dice, to perform at the Carnival Street Festival, which formally launched carnival activities in Dominica, last week.
Cuffy clearly opposed the decision, although he explained that in keeping with the contractual arrangements of his job, he signed the letter informing Dice of the DFC's decision.
He said that he made the decision for Dice to perform at the function with his team based on its value to the Carnival product.
“I think the banning of Dice from singing on the Bayfront was really a much to-do about nothing,” he said.
Cuffy stated that Dice's song “Lootahs” has gained prominence from the saga and he told the CEO of the DDA (Colin Piper) that he should tell whoever gave him the instruction to give to him (Cuffy), that Dice should have stayed on the program.
“I am a calypsonian, I am a businessman, so I think I am uniquely placed to understand both sides of the coin,” he said.
Cuffy told DBS the other incident that prompted his resignation involved the Chairman of the DDA, Benoit Bardouille, who he said became angry because he was not invited to the Carnival Street Festival.
Businessman and calypsonian Cuffy explained that no invitations were sent out to VIPs because it was a “low key carnival launch.”
“It was not an important function,” he explained. “What we were doing at the Bayfront was handing over the key to the city by the mayor to Mr. (Gerard) Cools-Latigue who just had to say the carnival had started and then we went straight into the festivities. When he (Bardouille) inquired about his invitation, I informed him that he should liaise with the CEO and not me. The man became very irate over the phone and told me that he would not sign the check for carnival.”
“So I told Benoit Bardouile he does not sign the check for Bullseyes Pharmacy (Cuffy's business place), it belongs to me or my wife and when the bank calls, it doesn't call him, if he doesn't want to sign the checks for DDA that's a matter to him and on principle Benoit Bardouille is not executive chairman and he is operating as if he owns and operate a business called DDA and that must come to an end. I told Mr. Bardouille exactly how I felt and I knew from there on he was going to rally his troops,” Cuffy told DBS news.
Cuffy stated that he is neither bitter nor angry over the matter but recommended that the DDA and its board must be reviewed.
“The Ministry of Tourism must look at the board of DDA, it must look at the management structure of the DDA,” he remarked. “People are dying inside there. We have lost Monique Jacob, we lost Ezra Winston, Claudine Springer, Val Cuffy, lots of people are frustrated because of the way things are being done.”
He said the DDA is not the private business of one man but there is a board which must be directed and be in consultancy with the Ministry of Tourism, the minister, and cabinet.
“I understand all this a political job but they must let an events manager and events professional do their work and let the people continue to manage their affair,” Cuffy noted. “There is too much unnecessary involvement and then Mr. (Colin) Piper (CEO of the DDA) does not even have the ability to do what he wants to do as CEO because has to be micromanaged, then he micromanaged it. So that is a fundamental problem.”
Cuffy also said he is not blaming the Prime Minister nor the cabinet over the entire issue.
“I am not blaming these people at all because they have their jobs to do but there are some people that have influence on the cabinet and the government and they are square pegs in round holes who must know that at some point in time the power they think they hold will come to an end,” he said.
Val Cuffy said following what happened to him, a complete audit and analysis of the DDA and Dominica Festivals Committee (which falls under the DDA) is needed.
“It is high time because you have a problem sitting there and just as we have lost agriculture, just as we have seen the tourism product is going down, if you keep the square pegs in round holes that are running this department through the DDA on a board level and a management level, we are not going to see any progress in this country,” he said.
Cuffy said he will continue to be the voice of reason for Dominica.
“I from today will continue the mission to be the voice of reason for the people of Dominica who understands development, who understands tourism and who wants to see a better Dominica,” he said.
DNO understands that Samantha Letang and Gerard Cools-Latigue are taking up Cuffy's responsibilities.
DNO contacted Bardouille but said he was driving.
DNO will continue to seek a comment from him on the matter.
PARIS (Reuters) - Emmanuel Macron plans to award multi-year grants for several U.S.-based scientists to relocate to France, his office said on Monday on the eve of a climate summit hosted by the president to raise finances to counter global warming. French President Emmanuel Macron attends the "Tech for Planet" event at the "Station F" start up campus ahead of the One Planet Summit in Paris, France, December 11, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe WojazerMacron unveiled the “Make our Planet Great Again” grants after President Donald Trump in June said he was pulling the United States out of an international accord to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that was brokered in Paris in 2015. Macron repeatedly tried to persuade the U.S. leader to reverse his decision. In a statement, the Elysee Palace said 13 of the initial 18 grants will be awarded to scientists based in the United States. “You will now settle in, develop projects, enrich French, European research, because we've decided to give even bigger resources and to fully recognize what you are doing,” Macron said in a speech at Station F, a start-up incubator in Paris. Macron was addressing the winners of the grants, some of whom attended his speech. Ivy league universities, including Princeton, Stanford and Harvard, were among those from which the winning researchers were selected, the presidency said. At Tuesday's summit, Macron will urge wealthy nations to increase climate financing and urge investors to turn their backs on polluters in a bid to accelerate efforts to combat global warming. Members of the Elder group, former Secretary-Generals of the United Nations Kofi Annan (L) and Ban Ki-moon (R) sit across from France's President Emmanuel Macron at the Elysee Palace in Paris, France, December 11, 2017. REUTERS/Michel Euler/PoolFrench state-controlled utility EDF on Monday said it would invest 25 billion euros to develop 30 gigawatts of solar capacity in France between 2020 an 2035. Daily Newspaper Les Echos quoted the chief executive of Engie, Isabelle Kocher, as saying her company would invest one billion euros to improve the energy efficiency of buildings. Separately, nine European energy companies including EDF, Italy's Enel, Spain's Iberdrola and Britain's SSE said they would include green bonds in their financing policies. Slideshow (2 Images)Developing nations say that the rich are not on track with a broader commitment in the Paris accord for wealthy economies to provide $100 billion a year by 2020 - from public and private sources alike - to help developing countries switch from fossil fuels to greener energy sources and adapt to the effects of climate change. Oxfam estimated that there was only between $4 - $8 billion available for adaptation and that recent estimates showed the cost of helping to emerge nations deal with rising sea levels, droughts, flooding and other effects of global warming could add up to $140 to 300 billion per year by 2030. “Right now, the world's poorest people are getting only a tiny fraction of the help they desperately need to survive,” Oxfam said in a statement. “This year's barrage of climate disasters showed that poor communities are often completely unprepared to deal with extreme weather.”
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Related Coverage Blood drive honors patient battling sepsis
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — A month ago, 31-year-old Dale Kompik of Grand Rapids went to the emergency room. He was having back pain and some trouble breathing.
His condition turned worse fast.
His father Dale Kompik Sr. remembers getting a call from Spectrum Health Butterworth Hospital after his son's initial check-in. Doctors alerted him that his son needed to have emergency surgery.
“We asked them, ‘OK, well, where do we go?' And they said, ‘No, you don't go. We have to start this operation in five minutes or he's not going to make it,'” Kompik Sr. recalled to 24 Hour News 8 Monday.
Doctors eventually discovered what was wrong: a bad case of sepsis triggered by a bout of pneumonia.
To keep the younger Kompik alive, doctors removed one of his lungs and have since had to remove part of both his legs and most recently his spleen. He'll likely have to have both hands amputated as well.
Still, after some half a dozen surgeries, he's alive. Doctors are calling it a miracle, his father said.
“They can't explain what's happened,” Kompik Sr. said. “The doctors gave him a 2 percent chance of survival at the beginning. Last week he was up to 50. This week the doctors are talking about when they're going to discharge him, what their goal is.”
Doctors are working to slowly wean Kompik Jr. off the machines that have stabilized him. He could be discharged sometime in mid-January, barring setbacks.
His incredible story of resilience has gone national. It was featured by People magazine last week, leading to a flood of letters of support from all over the world.
Back home in West Michigan, the support has been overwhelming. Kompik Jr. has relied heavily on blood transfusions during his hospital stay, and donors have stopped by Michigan Blood and stepped up to help him.
His father is still pleading for donations and still hoping his son can live a full life.
“We're not asking just for Dale. We're saying for the community as a whole. Give blood because it might be you getting that horrifying midnight call sometime,” Kompik Sr. said.
—–
Online:
GoFundMe account for Kompik Jr.
Kompik Jr.'s Facebook page
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Dharamsala: Two days ahead of the second One-day International against India, the Sri Lankan cricket team was left stranded in the hill town that has been lashed by heavy rain.
The Sri Lankan team's chartered plane could not take off for Mohali, venue for the next match, due to bad weather on Tuesday morning.
Media in-charge of the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association, Mohit Sood, said, "While the Indian team reached Mohali on time, incessant rain and bad weather left Sri Lanka stranded at the airport for about four hours. The team then decided to head back to the team hotel and is likely to fly out tomorrow."
Sri Lanka beat the home side by seven wickets in the first ODI yesterday to go ahead in the three-match series.
"This is the first time a team has been stuck here. There have been delays earlier but it has never happened that the planes have not been able to land or take off," said Sood.
He said that the Sri Lankan team was not willing to travel by road at night.
"We had a discussion with the team management and they decided to stay back. But if the weather doesn't clear up on Tuesday then the only option left will be to take the road," Sood added.
The road journey to Mohali, about 240-250 km, takes 8-10 hours to complete.
The local MeT office has predicted heavy rain over the next 48 hours in and around Dharamsala.
Police have located a 10-year-old boy who went missing in the area of the Evanston Fourth of July Parade on Wednesday.Evanston Police tweeted about the missing boy, Bryce Evans, Wednesday afternoon. Evans was separated from his mother in the area of McDaniel Avenue and Central Street. He was last seen wearing a tan Boy Scout uniform and riding a blue bike. Evans is described as a thin, black boy standing 5 feet, 6 inches tall.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week, Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars' “Versace on the Floor,” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models. Now, Mars has released his own video for the song, which stars Zendaya.
Related: Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him. And in separate images, Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery, silver dress. Of course, both artists are wearing Versace, but considering how nice Zendaya's outfit is, it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor.
A woman was found dead Wednesday in a stairway of the power plant building on the grounds of Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, officials said.
A hospital staff member made the discovery about 1 p.m., according to the San Francisco Department of Public Health. The woman was not identified, and it's unclear if she was a patient.
“We don't know how this woman gained access to the area where she was found, and we are absolutely looking into that,” Rachael Kagan, a spokeswoman for the health department, told reporters.
Wednesday's discovery evoked a similar incident at the city-owned hospital five years ago that raised questions about safety and security at the sprawling hospital campus. In 2013, a patient was found dead in an emergency stairwell 17 days after she vanished from her hospital room.
Lynne Spalding, 57, had arrived at the hospital with an infection and went missing from her bed two days later. The San Francisco Sheriff's Department searched the hospital while the woman's family and friends distributed hundreds of fliers.
Eventually, a hospital worker discovered Spalding's body in an exterior stairwell enclosed by wire mesh on the fourth floor of the hospital.
San Francisco's medical examiner determined that Spalding died from dehydration and complications from alcoholism. After Spalding's death, San Francisco General revamped security and implemented new procedures to prevent a similar incident.
A claim brought by her family was settled in 2014 for $3 million, the San Francisco Chronicle reported.
CAPTION Harvey Weinstein arrives at the New York Police Department's 1st Precinct headquarters Friday morning. Harvey Weinstein arrives at the New York Police Department's 1st Precinct headquarters Friday morning. CAPTION Harvey Weinstein arrives at the New York Police Department's 1st Precinct headquarters Friday morning. Harvey Weinstein arrives at the New York Police Department's 1st Precinct headquarters Friday morning. CAPTION ABC has canceled its revival of "Roseanne," the network announced Tuesday. ABC has canceled its revival of "Roseanne," the network announced Tuesday. CAPTION Los Angeles Times sports writer Andy McCullough and columnist Dylan Hernandez talk about Dodgers baseball and Clayton Kershaw's return. Los Angeles Times sports writer Andy McCullough and columnist Dylan Hernandez talk about Dodgers baseball and Clayton Kershaw's return. CAPTION The median sale price for new and resale houses and condos was $520,000 The median sale price for new and resale houses and condos was $520,000 CAPTION President Trump has canceled the planned June 12 summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. President Trump has canceled the planned June 12 summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
alene.tchekmedyian@latimes.com
Twitter: @AleneTchek
Vehicle crime is continuing to rise in Hartlepool after it was revealed six vehicle thefts a day were taking place in the town.
Figures released by the Safer Hartlepool Partnership show that, between July and September this year, there were 268 vehicle crimes – a rise of 77% from the same period last year.
There are multiple offenders operating right across the town using different methods Rachel Parker
Almost two-thirds of those offences were thefts from vehicles, a meeting of the partnership heard.
It was also revealed that recorded crime overall in the town has gone up by 12% in the last year, from 2,321 cases between July and September in 2016, to 2,598 in the same period this year.
Addressing a Safer Hartlepool Partnership meeting, Rachel Parker, Hartlepool Borough Council's community safety research officer, said that the ‘trend' of increased thefts from vehicles had continued since September.
She said: “Vehicle crime, particularly theft from a motor vehicle, is occuring right across Hartlepool.
“Unfortunately, this crime trend is continuing into quarter three.
“There is now an average of more than six theft from motor vehicles cases taking place every day across the town.
“There are multiple offenders operating right across the town using different methods.
“It's very much a town-wide issue and as a partnership it is important we continue to deliver the message to remind people of the importance of securing their vehicles, removing valuables and reporting any suspicious activity in their area.”
The Mail revealed in October that vehicle crime had doubled in Hartlepool in the space of a year, with 1,094 offences committed between last October and September of this year, compared to 583 incidents for the same period 12 months earlier.
A Cleveland Police spokesman said: “It is really important to help prevent thefts from vehicles that people double check that they are kept secure and that valuables are kept out of sight.
“Even loose change that is left in a vehicle can tempt a thief into stealing.
“Always keep valuables locked in the boot or take them out of the vehicle.”
The figures discussed by the Safer Hartlepool Partnership also showed that domestic burglary cases had slightly risen between July and September, compared to the same period last year, from 168 cases to 177.
Shoplifting went up from 314 incidents to 357 – a 14% increase – while there was a 19% rise in violent crime which did not result in injuries.
The number of anti-social behaviour incidents reported to police in the same period, though, dropped.
There were 2,138 such cases reported between July and September 2016, compared to 1,967 between those months this year – a drop of 8%.
Share:
CHITRAL-The hunger strike camp of the Forest and Wildlife Department in Chitral continued for the seventh consecutive day against non-payment of salaries for the last nine months.
The protesters who had set up a hunger strike camp at Booni Chowk in Mastuj tehsil said they were protecting the forests and wildlife for the last three years, but their salaries had been withheld for the last nine months and they had come to know that their services had been suspended.
Muhammad Nabi, an affected employee, told this scribe that he had been working with the Forest Department for the last two years and he had collected a lot of seeds, but he had not been paid for it. Another affectee, Syed Kausar Ali Shah said his children did not wear new clothes on Eid as he did not get his pending salaries of nine months. Shabbir Wali, another affectee at the hunger strike camp, said the employees had been at hunger strike since Monday, but the department had not bothered to send anyone to them for negotiations.
Local sources said four employees at the hunger strike camp fainted on Friday after which they were taken to Booni Hospital. Divisional Forest Officer Ijaz Ahmed said these employees were appointed last year. He said a forest officer monitored the work of these employees and raised objection of their performance in his report. He said the employees had not been suspended. He said an inquiry team had been formed to resolve the issue and salaries would be paid to only those employees who had done their job according to required standards.
ISLAMABAD - The executive board of the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) will meet on Tuesday (today) to discuss the bureau's future course of action on Hudaibiya Paper Mills case as well as other corruption cases, the Nation has learnt.
The NAB Chairperson, Qamar Zaman Chaudhry, will chair the meeting and all regional DGs and officials of the legal wing will participate.
Well placed sources in the NAB confirmed to The Nation that the executive board meeting would be held on Tuesday and it would discuss future strategy on Hudaibiya Paper Mills case.
He denied that recently referred four references by the Supreme Court against the Sharif family would be part of the agenda of the meeting.
Additional Prosecutor General had informed the Supreme Court on July 21st that the bureau would file appeal in SC to open the Hudaibiya Paper Mills case within seven days but the bureau had failed to follow the given timeframe.
According to the available documents with The Nation, on July 20th, the NAB had decided in a meeting to file “Civil Petition for Leave to Appeal” in the Supreme Court to seek reopening of Hudaibiya Paper Mills case on the return of NAB prosecutor general of accountability from the United Kingdom.
The prosecutor general returned on July 23rd.
NAB Director-General (Operations) Syed Zahir Shah briefed the NAB chairman during the meeting that the bureau had collected a number of new evidences in the Hudaibiya Paper Mills case from the joint investigation team (JIT) in the Panama Papers case.
According to the documents, Mian Muhammad Sharif, Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, Shehbaz Sharif, Abbas Sharif, Maryam Nawaz, Hussain Nawaz and Hamza Shahbaz had been accused of receiving ill-gotten money in the case.
It is worth mentioning here that the NAB had filed two references in the Hudaibiya Paper Mills case.
Minister Ishaq Dar was nominated as an accused in the first reference, but the bureau in its final reference expelled his name after he recorded a confessional statement.
A bureau's top official claimed that the NAB chairman had already given the green signal to file “Civil Petition for Leave to Appeal (CPLA)” in the Hudaibiya Paper Mills case.
He said Prosecutor General (Accountability) Waqas Qadeer Dar had prepared the final draft of appeal with the consultation of the NAB chairman and other officials of the bureau.
The official said that after getting the green signal from the SC in this case, the bureau would summon all the accused to record their statements in the case.
He said that the NAB chairman would take the officials in confidence on the issue in Tuesday's meeting.
The Nation tried to contact the bureau's spokesperson through telephone calls and text messages to get his version on the issue but he did not respond till filling of this story.
In 2014, the Lahore High Court (LHC) had quashed the Hudaibiya Paper Mills reference against the Sharifs and the NAB did not challenge the decision in the apex court.
The incumbent NAB chairman had also denied filing an appeal in the Hudaibiya Paper Mills case during the Panama Papers case hearing.
The JIT had strongly recommended the reopening of Hudaibiya Paper Mills case, observing that substantial evidence substantiated the FIA and the NAB investigations and established linkage between the investigations of the two departments.
The JIT had also summoned a former and current NAB chairmen and Ishaq Dar, and had recorded their statements in this case.
The JIT had also asked the NAB chairman to provide the attested copies of Hudaibiya Paper Mills case record.
Earlier, Finance Minister Ishaq Dar had submitted a confessional statement regarding money laundering before a magistrate on April 25th, 2000 during the Hudaibiya Paper Mills reference.
Dar and his lawyers frequently disowned the confessional statements during the Panama Papers hearings.
The SC had told Dar's lawyer that if the confessional statement in the Hudaibiya Paper Mills case was considered withdrawn, his status as co-accused in the case would be restored.
On the other hand, the PTI Chairman, Imran Khan, criticised the NAB's role in Hudaibiya Paper Mills case in a public gathering on August 13th.
He said that the aim behind ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif's road march was to put pressure on the NAB and the courts.
Nokhaiz Sahi
Gwadar: For over a decade, Pakistani officials have dreamed of transforming the small but strategically located fishing port of Gwadar into a duty-free port and free economic zone – Pakistan's answer to Dubai.
The aim is for Gwadar – located on the Arabian Sea near Iran and the mouth of the Persian Gulf – to become a regional commercial, industrial and shipping hub, as part of the ambitious China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) project.
The corridor is designed to give China a shorter, more secure trading route, via Pakistan, to West Asia and beyond, while also boosting Pakistan's economy.
Right now, however, the dusty “next Dubai” on Pakistan's coast resembles the original mainly in one respect — it doesn't have much water.
“It hasn't rained here for the last three years,” explains a local journalist, Sajid Baloch.
Abdul Rahim, who works for the Gwadar Development Authority, under the provincial government of Balochistan, said climate change is playing a role in Gwadar's thirst.
“I would say because of climate change the rains have stopped – it used to rain much more often and in every season. Now Gwadar is facing severe water issues. There is no fresh water here,” Rahim said.
Nearby Akra Kaur reservoir dried up two years ago, and water must now be brought from a more distant source, he said. Some of the water coming in is contaminated, leading to an increase in waterborne illnesses such as hepatitis, he added.
Tapping groundwater isn't a solution. “There is no point in digging wells as the underground water is all brackish,” Rahim said.
Growing fast
Right now, the Gwadar peninsula – a hammerhead-shaped projection of land into the Arabian Sea – is home to about 1,00,000 people, following completion of the first phase of the port development.
But as development continues, the area's population is expected to grow to 5,00,000 by 2020, according to the port authority's website.
On one side of the peninsula is the deep-sea port, built by the Chinese state-owned China Overseas Holding Company. On the other side lies the local harbour.
Fishing was Gwadar's main economic activity before the port started operations, and some local people say they so far see little benefit in the government's grand plans.
“We are dying from thirst, there are no doctors in our hospitals, the electricity comes and goes and there is garbage everywhere as no one collects it,” complained Rasool Bux, a fisherman who lives near the harbour.
“First fix all these problems. Then develop this dream of Dubai,” he urged.
Bux said most in the town get their water from tankers that make the two-hour drive from Mirani Dam. But the tankers only come once or twice a month to his area, Bux said, and shortages are common.
Muhammad Ali Kakar, the province's planning and development secretary, told a government committee in December that the total demand for water in Gwadar city was 6.5 million gallons a day, but tankers supplied only 2 million gallons.
Satisfying thirst
To help solve the water shortages two desalination plants have been built in the port, with Chinese expertise. The smaller can provide 2,00,000 gallons of potable water per day to the port, while the larger one, recently completed in the adjacent duty-free zone, can supply double that amount.
Both plants rely on power from generators, as there is not enough grid power in Gwadar to run them, said Sajjd H Baloch, the director general of Gwadar Development Authority.
Some fishermen say they now buy clean drinking water from the port, paying up to 50 Pakistani rupees (around $0.40) for a three-litre can.
Gul Mohammed, the operations director for the port authority, said his agency was willing to supply clean water outside the port and duty-free zone, but would need to be paid to produce it.
“We are willing to provide water from the larger plant to the city of Gwadar at the rate of 0.98 rupees per gallon, but the government of Balochistan has to sign an agreement with us,” he said.
The provincial government is reluctant to accept the offer, hoping for rains this year to fill the Akra Kaur dam, Rahim said.
The Pakistani army, tasked with protecting the CPEC project, meanwhile, also has laid the foundation for a large desalination plant to be built with help from the United Arab Emirates and Switzerland.
The plant, to be completed by July, will provide 4.4 million gallons of water a day, free of cost, to the inhabitants of Gwadar city, according to an army press release.
Providing better services, including clean drinking water, is seen as a way of helping win local support for the development push – and to help quell an ongoing insurgency by Baloch separatists in the province.
As part of the winning-hearts effort, the army also has brought in specialist doctors to supplement those already working at the local government-run hospital.
A new road will soon connect the port to the Makran Coastal Highway, which links Gwadar to Karachi. Gwadar's new airport will be Pakistan's largest when it is complete.
The China Power Company also plans to open a 300-megawatt coal-fired power plant around 20 km (12 miles) from the port to provide electricity to Gwadar.
Meanwhile, tourism has started too, and the port is increasingly bustling with visitors.
“Certainly the security in Gwadar has improved considerably in the last two years. I would say that, given all the recent development, the dream of Dubai will be realised in a decade or so,” said Munir Ahmed, a port security officer.
There have been so many couples on Grey's Anatomy throughout the years. Each main cast member has been in a relationship with at least two different people throughout the 12-and-a-half-year run. Here's a look at the top six Greys Anatomy couples throughout those years. 6. Alex and Jo 10. Alex Karev and Jo Wilson (Grey's Anatomy) pic.twitter.com/3iDgr9UUqw — kennedy (@abbyskanes) December 24, 2016 This is going to be a controversial decision considering the current storyline, but there is one main reason the two work together: they have very similar backgrounds. Their shared backstories have helped them understand each other in ways that nobody else could. Unfortunately, those backstories have also led to a breakup. Jo lied to Alex about being married. She feared her husband would find her and hurt Alex. If it wasn't for the current court case, maybe more Grey's Anatomy fans could be supportive of them as a couple. There was an element of Jo just trying to protect Alex, but it backfired on her. 5. Callie and Arizona—Calzona Callie & Arizona from Grey's Anatomy :(( (calzona) pic.twitter.com/fwPzDMTmQ7 — laura • semi hiatus (@percadexth) December 15, 2016 There were definitely some major flaws in this couple, but it didn't stop fans rooting for them to stay together. Arizona helped to build Callie's confidence in liking women, and that was a major storyline for LGBT fans. The two helped to prove that sexual preference has no effect on your ability to do a job and care for patients. The show also helped prove that true friends will never judge over sexual preference, but it can still be difficult for family members. Unfortunately, the major flaws did lead to the end of the relationship. It also led to one of the most opinion-divided custody battles on the show. Who did you think should have gained full custody over Sofia? 4. Jackson and April—Japril Jackson & April from Grey's Anatomy (japril!!!) pic.twitter.com/jFcfu4Ju1W — laura • semi hiatus (@percadexth) December 15, 2016 Jackson and April are perfect for each other. They were friends before they hooked up, and they did at one point want the best for each other. It wasn't overly selfish reasons that broke the two up. They lost a child and couldn't find a common way to grieve afterward. It was clear that April wanted to do something to get away from the place that she lost her son for a while, but Jackson just couldn't understand that. There is hope for Japril in the future. They have a daughter together and Jackson is trying his hardest to be a dad, despite April telling him he had an out. Now if only we can get rid of Catherine Avery's meddling! #3. Meredith and Derek—MerDer O começo de Merder ???? pic.twitter.com/z0R3ZWy1B7 — Grey's Anatomy (@greysdepressao_) December 29, 2016 Yes, a controversial positioning for this couple. Meredith and Derek were the first couple to get together. They broke up temporarily when Derek tried again with Addison, but they ultimately found themselves together again. Why aren't they the top spot, like Hollywood Gossip believes they should be? Derek was far too selfish. He focused so much on his career that Meredith didn't stand a chance. When she stood up for herself, Derek made a decision and then blamed Meredith for that. He put far too much pressure on her to “prove his decision right.” As Cristina said in the Grey's Anatomy Season 10 finale, Derek thought he was the sun, but that was really Meredith. 2. Lexie and Jackson While Jackson and April are great together, Jackson and Lexie were better. They made a beautiful couple and cared about each other. They didn't care what others thought about them being together, and Jackson cared so much about Lexie that he arranged a visit to Molly so Lexie didn't have to meet his mother. While it seemed strange at first, it's now very understandable why he did that! There was a chance for the two to be together, but in the end, Jackson decided to give Lexie an out. He knew that she was still in love with Mark and didn't want to play second fiddle. He did the best for the two of them with that decision, even if it seemed like a hurtful one at first. #1. Lexie and Sloan—Slexie mark & lexie | grey's anatomy | “You think you broke me little Grey? You're the one who put me back together.” pic.twitter.com/kcNJEmIKqB — kianna (@ayydotham) December 23, 2016 This couple had a bittersweet ending, and maybe that is the reason for them being in the top spot. They didn't have the chance to mess everything up once they got back together. Many people claim that Lexie was selfish. She broke up with Mark because he wanted a family and she didn't. He wanted her to be a stepmom to the teenage daughter he didn't know he had (and a step-grandmother), and then he wanted her to be a stepmom to his baby with Callie, Sofia. Lexie wasn't ready for such a commitment. She was a decade younger than Mark at least, which caused problems for them. They did try to push past that, and eventually, Lexie admitted that she loved Mark too much to let age and family preferences keep them apart. It was too late; an episode later, Lexie died in a plane crash, with Mark soon following after. Do you agree with this list? Don't forget that Grey's Anatomy Season 13 returns on January 19 on ABC. [Featured Image by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Share:
ISLAMABAD - A roadside bomb killed at least two soldiers and injured three others Wednesday in North Waziristan Agency, the military said.
The blast occurred in North Waziristan, one of the country's seven semi-autonomous tribal districts, where the army has been battling Taliban and Al-Qaeda linked militants for years.
Two soldiers were killed and "three others injured when a security forces vehicle struck an improvised explosive device planted along the roadside by terrorists", the military said in a statement.
"The injured have been evacuated to Combined Military Hospital in Peshawar," the statement said.
North Waziristan is part of Pakistan's tribal belt - a block of seven districts along the country's northwest border with Afghanistan which are home to an estimated five million people, mainly ethnic Pashtuns.
Pakistan's parliament last week passed a constitutional amendment paving the way for the troubled region to enter the mainstream political fold, bringing an ending to a colonial-era arrangement that fuelled militancy. The legislation still needs to be signed into law by the president.
Oakland County Republican Party Chair Theresa Mungioli (photo provided)
The leaders of the Oakland County Republican and Democratic Party will be making a joint appearance on Jan. 12.
Vicki Barnett, chair of the countys Democratic Party, and Theresa Mungioli, chair of the countys Republican Party, will be speaking at the Women Officials Network quarterly breakfast in Bloomfield Hills.
The networks goal is to encourage women to become involved in public policy through elected and appointed office by empowering the leaders of today and mentor women leaders of tomorrow.?
2017 was the first year that the countys two largest political parties were both led by women.
Advertisement
Barnett, who is serving her first year as chair, and Mungioli, her third year, will share their priorities for the upcoming election season, the mutual benefits of electing women to public office and the countys current political landscape.
Im really looking forward to this opportunity and I think its going to be a lot of fun, said Barnett. There is a tremendous amount of interest in women running for elected office and getting more involved in the political process.
Mungioli said she will be speaking about ways women can get involved in the upcoming election.
Im always looking forward to sharing my ideas on how women can get involved in the Republican Party, said Mungioli. Ill be talking about what our party is doing as we head into the election season.
Barnett said women can really have a tremendous impact on their community by getting involved in politics.
IF YOU GO
 The Women Officials Network Quarterly Breakfast
 Friday, Jan. 12
 7:30 a.m. to 9 a.m.
 The Doyle Center of Birmingham Schools, 7275 Wing Lake Road, Bloomfield Hills
 Tickets for the breakfast can be purchased at womenofficialsnetwork.org/memberships/pay_for_won_events
Can a splash of grey pavement paint help combat global warming?In Los Angeles, where summer temperatures regularly surpass 100 degree Fahrenheit (38 degree Celsius), workers are coating streets in special grey treatments in a bid to do just that.The City of Angels, home to four million people, is the first major city to test the technology.Normal black asphalt absorbs 80 to 95 percent of sunlight, while the grey "cool pavement" reflects it — dramatically lowering ground temperature and reducing urban street heat, advocates of the method say.During a demonstration of the technique, Jeff Luzar — sales director at GuardTop, which markets the product — showed how applying the paint could drop street temperatures by about 12 degree Fahrenheit after just one coat.Los Angeles is the first city in California to test the treatment on a public road, after initial trials on parking lots, according to Greg Spotts, assistant director of the city's Bureau of Street Services."We're hoping to inspire other cities to experiment with different ways to reduce the heat island effect," he said. "And we're hoping to get manufacturers to come up with some new products.""Potentially there could be a huge market for cool pavement products, and in fact, it's part of a much larger economic trend where solutions for climate change could be the next great investments for the future," Spotts added.The city will also monitor how Angelenos react to the newfangled asphalt — and how quickly the notoriously thick LA traffic dirties the grey coating.George Ban-Weiss, an assistant professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the University of Southern California, said cool pavements show promise in reducing heat, but "may have some environmental penalties.""Recent and current research is working out whether the environmental benefits of cool pavements outweigh those penalties," Ban-Weiss told AFP.Still, "the city of Los Angeles is taking the right approach and installing and assessing several cool pavement test sections before committing to widespread adoption," he said.Ban-Weiss noted that heat mitigation strategies like planting trees along streets and using cool roofing materials were more "no-brainer" remedies.Alan Barreca, an environmental science professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, said the pavement cooling technology could be more equitable than current methods like air conditioning."Not everyone has the resources to use air conditioning, so there's concern that some low-income families will suffer," he said. "That bothers me on a moral dimension. The pavement would provide benefits to everyone.""It can protect people who have to be outdoors," he added.Plus, he added, "lower temperatures — due to the pavement — mean less reliance on air conditioning. So, that means less greenhouse gases."
You could turn a tidy profit on a minor sports miracle on Saturday.
It's one of those rare nights that will see Vancouver's big three professional sports team all in action and the B.C. Lottery Corporation is taking advantage of the occasion by allowing fans to lay money on all three squads with a special parlay wager.
The Vancouver Canucks host the Edmonton Oilers, 7 p.m., at Rogers Arena, the B.C. Lions entertain the Ottawa RedBlacks, 4 p.m., at B.C. Place Stadium, and the Vancouver Whitecaps hit the road for a 2 p.m. match against the New York Redbulls.
You can bet your hard-earned cash on all three teams to win with the B.C. Bonanza wager at Playnow.com. With the initial odds on the Vancouver trifecta set at 19/1, a $20 bet will pay out $400.
Of the three Vancouver teams, only the Lions are favoured to win — and they've lost two straight games and five of their last six.
So, you've got to ask yourself, do you feel lucky?
Sarah Jessica Parker is trying her hand at bridalwear.The "Divorce" actress's "SJP by Sarah Jessica Parker" label has teamed up with the fashion brand Gilt on a 10-piece range of bridal styles set to launch on April 24, WWD reports. The collection will allegedly span dresses, jumpsuits, skirts and bodysuits for a variety of events including wedding receptions and bridal showers, and will be complemented by 15 exclusive shoe designs. Most pieces will run in sizes 0 through 14, and will be priced between $295 and $2,395."Whether you're the person walking down the aisle, or you're attending, these are all pieces that should be relevant in your closet," Parker told WWD. "There are some pieces that feel more decadent and more specifically bridal."The collection marks the latest big design move from Parker, who first launched her SJP fashion label back in 2014, focusing on colorful, fashionable shoes with a signature grosgrain ribbon detail. The star has since added accessories and a series of "LBD" little black dresses to the lineup. She also recently found the time to design a limited edition children's fashion range with Gap, which hit stores back in March.
By Andrew Horschak
Sports Correspondent
And Mike Ramczyk
Sports Editor
The weather Gods showed mercy on the Burlington softball team – at least for one day.
After a couple rainouts to begin the week, the Lady Demons finally saw their first action of the season Tuesday afternoon at home.
The visiting Wilmot Panthers spoiled the season opener, taking a 6-2 victory after jumping out to a 6-0 lead.
Burlington's Alexis Lois smashed the first home run of the season, but the Demons only totaled four hits and committed three errors.
On the mound, Wilmot's Sarah Hutchinson kept Burlington in check with five strikeouts and a walk in seven innings.
Lois went 2-for-3 to lead the Demons, and Josie Klein and Jaina Westphal each added a hit.
Burlington continues SLC play at 4:30 p.m. Thursday at home against Elkhorn.
Still looking up at Westosha
The battle for softball supremacy in the Southern Lakes Conference will be up for grabs this season.
Defending champion Westosha Central and runner-up Union Grove, a WIAA Division 1 state semifinalist last year, must both replace a number of talented seniors.
Experienced Wilmot and Delavan-Darien, last year's WIAA Division 2 state runner-up, could challenge for the top spot after finishing in a tie for fourth place a year ago.
As for Burlington?
With eight returning letterwinners (seven starters), the under-the-radar Demons are also expected to be in the thick of things after finishing in third place in the SLC at 9-5 and 21-7 overall. The 21 victories were a school record.
According to Burlington coach Gary Caliva, Westosha and Union Grove are still the favorites, though.
“Since I've been coaching at Burlington, they've been the teams to beat,” the sixth-year coach said. “I don't see that changing this year. Until you knock them down, they're still at the top of the heap.
“Would we like to do that this year? Absolutely. Our goal is always to win conference. To do that, you have to beat Union Grove, Westosha and Wilmot.”
Westphal, Klein lead the way
The Demons boast one of the league's top players in junior Jaina Westphal. A first-team All-SLC player as a sophomore (.525, 48 runs scored), Westphal will move from second base to shortstop with the departure of Talyn Lewis, who has performed admirably in her first season at NCAA Division I Iowa State University.
“Jaina has good range at short and a nice arm,” Caliva said. “We're expecting her to play up to her first-team all-conference abilities again this year.”
Junior Josie Klein, a second-team All-SLC outfielder as a sophomore, will be the team's No. 1 pitcher with last year's top starter Danielle Koenen now playing at Davenport University in Grand Rapids, Mich.
Playing primarily in center field, Klein batted .462 with a team-leading 36 RBI last season. The right-hander also had a 6-1 record in the circle as the team's No. 2 pitcher.
“Danielle was a heck of a pitcher,” Caliva said. “Josie is a pretty good pitcher, but we haven't seen a lot of her yet. It's kind of an unknown. She pitched in six or seven games last year, but not against the top opponents. It will be a learning experience for Josie and for me.”
Junior Kya Kafar, who played on the junior varsity last year, is the team's No. 2 pitcher.
Helping eases the transition, junior catcher Halie Behnke is a returning starter behind the plate.
Third baseman Kira Allen and outfielder Alexis Lois are the only two seniors on the roster. Allen is a captain along with Klein and Westphal.
“We had a lot of sophomores last year,” Caliva noted.
Other returning letter-winners are juniors Ashley Schmalfeldt and Jenna Schmalfeldt and sophomore Alexandria Naber. Jenna Schmalfeldt will take over in center field for Klein.
Other varsity newcomers along with Kafar are juniors Hannah Ketterhagen and Leah Zinnen, sophomores Maddie Berezowitz, Rachel Sanchez and Emily Zuleger and freshman Gracie Peterson.
“We're as talented in the outfield as we've ever been,” Caliva said. “We have more speed than we've ever had. And, I think our bench is stronger than it has ever been.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
"For weeks my lawyers & Mgmt have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed but this morning I feel that my fam, the women that raised me, my friends & fans especially the youth need to hear from me. I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain," the performer wrote in another tweet.
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the country's famed pyramids at the Giza plateau just outside Cairo, the Antiquities Ministry said Saturday, the latest discovery that authorities hope will help revive the country's staggering tourism sector.
The tomb was found in a wider area of Giza's western necropolis, which is known to be home to tombs from the Old Kingdom.
It likely belonged to a woman known as Hetpet, who archaeologists believe was close to ancient Egyptian royals of the 5th Dynasty.
The tomb, unveiled to the media on Saturday, is made of mud brick and includes wall paintings in good condition depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Other scenes also depict a monkey — in pharaonic times, monkeys were commonly kept as domestic animals — picking fruit. Similar scenes have been found in other tombs belonging to the later 12th dynasty, according to the ministry's statement. Another scene shows a monkey dancing before an orchestra.
According to the ministry, the archaeological mission behind the discovery started excavation work last October. Archaeologists have been making discoveries near the site since the 19th century, and Mostafa al-Waziri, who led the mission, believes there is still more to be found.
READ MORE: 1.7 billion-year-old chunk of Canada found in Australia, suggesting supercontinent
“This is a very promising area. We expect to find more,” Al-Waziri told reporters at the site. “We have removed between 250-300 cubic meters of layers of earth to find the tomb.”
“What we see above the earth's surface in Egypt doesn't exceed 40 percent of what the core holds,” he added.
Al-Waziri believes Hetpet had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis and said that excavation work is underway to find that one too.
Hetpet is a previously known figure in Egyptian antiquity though her mummy has not been discovered yet. Fragments of artefacts belonging to Hetpet were found in the same area back in 1909, and were moved to a museum in Berlin at the time, Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said Saturday, speaking at the site to reporters and Western diplomats.
Despite all the discoveries already made about ancient Egypt, experts say they hope to find much more — in part thanks to modern technology — treasures still buried under the vast desert.
The area of the latest discovery is close to a new museum under construction that will house some of Egypt's most unique and precious artifacts, including many belonging to the famed boy King Tutankhamun.
The first phase of Grand Egyptian museum is expected to be opened later this year while the grand opening is planned for 2022.
In January, Egypt placed the ancient statue of one of its most famous pharaohs, Ramses II at the museum's atrium, which will include 43 massive statues.
Throughout 2017, the Antiquities Ministry made a string of discoveries across Egypt — including some in the southern city Luxor known for its spectacular temples and tombs spanning different dynasties of ancient Egyptian history.
WATCH: Montreal photographer pairing people with ancient doppelgängers
Egypt hopes the inauguration of the new museum, along with the recent discoveries, will draw back visitors to the country where tourism has been hit hard by extremist attacks and political turmoil following the 2011 popular uprising that toppled longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak and the authorities' struggles to rein in an insurgency by Islamic militants.
The government has tightened security around archaeological and touristic sites and spent millions of dollars to upgrade airport security especially following the 2015 downing of a Russian airliner over the restive Sinai Peninsula by the Islamic State group, killing 224 people on board.
The bombing dealt Egypt's vital tourism sector a hard blow after Russia suspended flights to and from Egypt.
In December, Cairo and Moscow signed a security protocol and announced plans to resume Russian flights to the Egyptian capital, due to start this month.
The body of a 19-year-old trekker, who had gone missing three days ago, was found in a deep trench on Monday.Abhinav Kumar, a local, had left for a 12-km trek to Adi Himani Chamunda, a hill top temple situated at the height of around 13,000 ft in Dhauladhar ranges, on March 16 with his 7 friends, the police said.But he went missing midway and the matter was reported to the police on Sunday, Senior Superintendent of Police Santosh Patial said."It was a group of seven boys on the trek. The three who reached the hill top first thought that the missing boy was with the rest of the boys who were on their way, while they presumed he has reached the hill top," Patial said.He said rescue teams were pressed into service immediately but to trace Kumar, who could not be found yesterday. This morning the body was traced in a 100-metre deep trench, the SSP said.
Alton Middle School's Theater Department will present its spring musical, “CATS,” under the direction of Theater Director Paul Herbert Pitts.
The musical will be presented at 7 p.m. Friday, April 21-22. Admission is $6 for adults and students.
The performance venue is in Alton Middle School's newly dedicated Cliff Davenport Auditorium, 2200 College Ave. in Alton. The entrance is in the Main Building, with handicapped-accessible entrance through the cafeteria.
Based on T.S. Eliot's “Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats” and composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber, this imaginative show features breathtaking music, including one of the most treasured songs in musical theater — “Memory.”
“CATS” tells the story of one magical night when an extraordinary tribe of cats gathers for its annual ball to rejoice and decide which cat will be reborn.
“‘CATS' is a great show that has challenged our students here at Alton Middle School,” Pitts said. “Unlike last fall's musical, ‘Seussical The Musical,' ‘CATS' requires the students to really perfect their dance moves. It has been such a treat to audition, choreograph, vocal direct, and teach acting techniques this show. I have seen the students grow leaps and bounds as performers.”
Student cast included Macie Miller as Grizabella, Joseph Whiteside as Old Deuteronomy and Victor Hull as Rum Tum Tugger. Other cast members are Eli Hill, Ethan Plate, Cora Lucas, Aaliyah Jones, Bryan Richardson, Haley Hanson and Ali McCarty.
The public is invited to see this Tony Award-winning musical come to life.
Cast List
Grizabella…………………………………..….………… Macie Miller *
Old Deuteronomy………………………….…………Joseph Whiteside *
Munkustrap……….………………………….…………Elias (Eli) Hill *
Alonzo…………………………….…………….………......Ethan Plate *
Jellylorum………………………….…………..…….……..Cora Lucas *
Demeter…………………………….………………….…Aaliyah Jones *
Rum Tum Tugger………..……….………….………………Victor Hull
Macavity/Rumpus Cat……………….…..……………Bryan Richardson
JennyAnyDots (Gumbie Cat)….…...………..……….…Haley Hanson *
Jemima………………………………….....…. Allison (Ali) McCarty *
Bomborlurina………………………………….…..….Morgan Palmer *
Victoria………………………….…………….…..……..….Hallie Lewis
Mr. Mistoffolees……………….……………………….Alyssa Eagleton
Bustopher Jones………………….……..…….……..….Jaron Ammons *
Mungojerrie…………………….……………...….…….…Diego Perez *
Rumpleteazer…………………………...…Katie Rich/Sophia Kumagai *
Gus (Old Shakespearian Cat Actor)….…………...……Cooper Haynes *
Skimbleshanks……………………….……….……………..Kyle Neace
Etcetera……………………………….…….………..….TyRia Rounds *
The Man (T.S Elliot)…………………………….………Trevor Eagleton
CATS Vocal and Dance Ensemble
Ana Bagwill*, Josie Giertz*, Caroline Hussey*, JyRyn Hinton*, Isabella Hall, Taylor Holtzclaw, Angelica Jones*, Sophia Kumagai, Ellie Levi*, Kamryn Mason El*, Caitlyn Neely, Daeshana Petty, Alexia Paulin*, Quin Price, Lucas Rulo, Katie Rich, Yadan Shourd, Cadence Trask, Ebony Webster* & Evan Valladares
KITTENS/Dancing Mice & Beetles (Children's Ensemble)
Jack ………………………………………….……………………………Devin Sadler
Alex………………………………………….…………………………Miles Wrischnik
Saddy …………………………………..……………………………Kaelee Shewmake
Quixo………………………………………………..……………………….James Hull
Zena………………………………………….…………………………..Kennedy Fuller
Tahtomille………………………………………………………………Exzavier Pierson
Warson……………………………………………………………..……..Meredith Rulo
Ribbons………………………………………………………………..……Gracie Hetge
Lidia…………………………………………………………...…………….Sabrina Coy
Bubbles…………………………………………………………...……Christopher Jones
Ella………………………………………………………………………………..Alysa Dutko
Adult Production Members
Mr. Pitts, Theater Director- Overseer
Ms. Peres, Choreographer
Ms. Enskat, Asst. Choreographer
Mrs. Sadler & Mrs. Hanson, Publicity House Managers
Ms. Reif, Props & Tech Crew Supervisor
Ms. Shobe, Costume Design and Makeup
Mr. Adams, Set Design Directors
Tech Crew
Student Director…………………………………..…Sam Clark *
Tech Student Director………...…………..…….. Gabriel Hayes
Student Assistant Tech Director……..………......Wesley Dutko *
Student Stage Manager……………….………...Olivia Spangler *
Student Light Board Operator…….…………....Jovon Ammons *
Student L.E.D Light Operator………………..….. Logan Gaffney
Student Curtain Operator……………………...…Jeff Frankford *
Student Spotlight Operator 1………………....Garret Billingsley *
Student Spotlight Operator 2……………………Andrea Bickley *
Student Stage Floor Manager………………….…..Ella Maberry *
Student Assistant Stage Floor Manager…..…….......Jhalil Rhodes
Tech Students: (Painters/Builders/Set Movers)
Kayleigh Butler, Olivia Buck, Aiden Draper, Ashley Durham,
Mia Eickhoff, E'Niya Fields, Will Hussey, Luke (Michael) Jacobs, Bryant Johnson,
Blake Markel*, James Spencer, Austin Steward*, Spencer Steele,
Max Ontis, Austin Walsh*
Student Tech Make Up/Paint
Maddie Darr, Addison McCarty*, Shannon Malone
* Denotes Alton Middle School's Junior Thespians, part of the International Thespian Society. The International Thespian Society is the only organization to honor middle school students for outstanding work in theater.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Internet-savvy This Is Us fans have heard a ton of theories about how Jack dies over the last few months: Jack dies in a plane crash, a house fire, Miguel kills him . . . all very creative, very plausible causes of death for Milo Ventimiglia's beloved character. Unfortunately (or fortunately?), these are all incorrect. That's the word from This Is Us series creator Dan Fogelman at this year's panel for the show at the ATX TV festival. Fogelman was actually not even present for the panel, but the sentiment was delivered by NBC Entertainment president Jennifer Salke, after the cast was asked what their favorite theory about Jack's death is (Ventimiglia's is that Miguel kills Jack). While Salke acknowledged that the internet-based fan theories are "entertaining," she said that according to Fogelman, "none of them have gotten close to what it is."
Not even close? Damn. Of course, maybe Fogelman hasn't seen every single theory on the internet about Jack's death. But if this is the truth, that means that all the most highly circulated theories aren't true. It's OK if you had a really good one — it's just time to put on your foil hat and keep trying.
Share:
PESHAWAR - The National Accountability Bureau Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa arrested Sher Jan, a resident of Charsadda district, for alleged involvement in cheating public at large under the garb of Islamic mode of investment, fleecing them of millions of rupees.
The NAB KP had initiated an inquiry against the accused upon receipt of several complaints. It transpired during the investigation that the accused in connivance with each other persuaded and motivated the public to invests in their business showing them multiple businesses of wheat, vehicles and timber. They promised exorbitant profit to the public on their investments but in fact there was no such business. Thus, the accused defrauded the general public and deprived them of their earnings.
North Korea violated United Nations sanctions to earn nearly $200 million in 2017 from banned commodity exports, according to a confidential report by independent U.N. monitors, which also accused Pyongyang of supplying weapons to the Assad regime and Myanmar.
The report to a U.N. Security Council sanctions committee, seen by Reuters on Friday, said North Korea had shipped coal to ports, including in Russia, China, South Korea, Malaysia and Vietnam, mainly using false paperwork that showed countries such as Russia and China as the coal origin, instead of North Korea.
The 15-member council has unanimously boosted sanctions on North Korea since 2006 in a bid to choke funding for Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, banning exports including coal, iron, lead, textiles and seafood, and capping imports of crude oil and refined petroleum products.
"The DPRK (North Korea) is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system," the U.N. monitors wrote in the 213-page report.
The North Korean mission to the U.N. did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report. Russia and China have repeatedly said they are implementing U.N. sanctions on North Korea.
Syria, Myanmar
The monitors said they had investigated ongoing ballistic missile cooperation between the Assad regime and Myanmar, including more than 40 previously unreported North Korea shipments between 2012 and 2017 to Syria's Scientific Studies and Research Centre, which oversees the country's chemical weapons program.
The investigation has shown "further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs," the U.N. monitors wrote.
They also inspected cargo from two North Korea shipments intercepted by unidentified countries en route to Syria. Both contained acid-resistant tiles that could cover an area equal to a large scale industrial project, the monitors reported.
One country, which was not identified, told the monitors the seized shipments can "be used to build bricks for the interior wall of a chemical factory."
The Assad regime agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013. However, diplomats and weapons inspectors suspect the regime may have secretly maintained or developed a new chemical weapons capability.
The Syrian mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report.
The U.N. monitors also said one country, which they did not identify, reported it had evidence that Myanmar received ballistic missile systems from North Korea, along with conventional weapons, including multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles.
The Myanmar mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the report.
Banned exports, imports
Under a 2016 resolution, the U.N. Security Council capped coal exports and required countries to report any imports of North Korean coal to the council sanctions committee. It then banned all exports of coal by North Korea on Aug. 5.
The U.N. monitors investigated 16 coal shipments between January and Aug. 5 to ports in Russia, China, Malaysia and Vietnam. They said Malaysia reported one shipment to the council committee and the remaining 15 shipments violated sanctions.
After the coal ban was imposed on Aug. 5, the U.N. monitors investigated 23 coal shipments to ports in Russia, China, South Korea and Vietnam. The U.N. monitors said all those shipments "would constitute a violation of the resolution, if confirmed."
"The DPRK combined deceptive navigation patterns, signals manipulation, transshipments as well as fraudulent documentation to obscure the origin of the coal," the monitors said.
The U.N. monitors "also investigated cases of ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products in violation (of U.N. sanctions) ... and found that the network behind these vessels is primarily based in Taiwan province of China."
The monitors said one country, which they did not name, told them North Korea had carried out such transfers off its ports of Wonsan and Nampo and in international waters between the Yellow Sea and East China Sea between October and January.
The report said several multinational oil companies, which were not named, were also being investigated for roles in the supply chain of petroleum products transferred to North Korea.
Rameswaram: Twenty-seven Tamil Nadu fishermen were arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy for allegedly fishing in their territorial waters early on Tuesday, an official said.
The fishermen from Jegadapattinam and Kottaipattinam in Pudukottai district were arrested off Neduntheevu by the Lankan Navy and taken to Kangesanthurai port there along with five boats, Assistant Director of Fisheries department, Pudukottai, Kumaresan said.
In another incident, nearly 3,000 fishermen who had ventured into the sea last evening in 500 boats from here were chased away by the Lankan Naval personnel while they were fishing near Katchatheevu islet, Rameswaram Fishermen Association President S Emerit said.
The naval men came to the spot and opened fire in the air to drive off the large group of fishermen before damaging their fishing equipment, he said
The fishermen were forced to return to the shore without a catch, he said.
On 2 December, 20 fishermen from Nagapattinam district were arrested by the Lankan Navy on charges of fishing off Neduntheevu.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Below is a summary of Friday's Transactions on the National Stock Exchange of India's wholesale debt market segment: TOTAL WDM TRADES Friday's So far this week ---------------- --------- ---------------- --Total traded value in mln rupees : 19,010.0 80,910.5 --Total traded value of repo deals in mln rupees : --- --- --Total number of trades : 29 200 GOVERNMENT SECURITIES Friday's So far this week --------------------- --------- ---------------- --Total traded value in mln rupees : 14,410.0 58,396.0 --Total traded value of repo deals in mln rupees : --- --- --Total number of trades : 13 97 NON-GOVERNMENT SECURITIES Friday's So far this week ------------------------- --------- ---------------- --Total traded value in mln rupees : 4,600.0 22,514.5 --Total traded value of repo deals in mln rupees : --- --- --Total number of trades : 16 103 TOP SECURITIES TRADED TODAY IN NON REPO TRADES - GOVT. SECURITIES -------------------------------------------------------------------- Security Traded Value Weighted Yield (%) (mln rupees) ---Traded value--- > 1 cr -------------------------------------------------------------------- India Govt. Dated-Securities ---------------------------- 6.35%, 2020 5,000.00 6.92 6.05%, 2019A 3,450.00 6.81 5.69%, 2018 2,000.00 6.65 TOP SECURITIES TRADED TODAY IN NON REPO TRADES - NON-GOVT. SECURITIES -------------------------------------------------------------------- Security Traded Value Weighted Yield (%) (mln rupees) ---Traded value--- > 1 cr -------------------------------------------------------------------- Public Sector Unit Taxable Bond ------------------------------- 7.24%, RECL2 201 700.00 7.80 Public Sector Unit Taxable Bond ------------------------------- 8.27%, RECL25 700.00 8.12 Corporate Debentures -------------------- 7.57%, LICH2 201 650.00 8.15 WHOLESALE DEBT MARKET TRADES CONCLUDED: REPO TRANSACTIONS ----------------- INSTRUMENT NO. OF TRD.VALUE HIGH LOW LAST TRADED Value WEIGHTED TRADES (MLN RS) -------PRICE (RUPEES)------- Wt.Avg.Pr. YIELD ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------nil---------------- NON-REPO TRANSACTIONS --------------------- INSTRUMENT NO. OF TRD.VALUE HIGH LOW LAST TRADED Value WEIGHTED TRADES (MLN RS) -------PRICE (RUPEES)------- Wt.Avg.Pr. YIELD ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Corporate Debentures -------------------- 9.05%, DHFL 2019* 1 50.00 100.5418 100.5418 100.5418 100.5418 8.6084 7.45%, HDFC 2018* 1 250.00 99.7354 99.7354 99.7354 99.7354 7.8300 8.15%, HDFC 2018* 1 500.00 99.9589 99.9589 99.9589 99.9589 7.9000 8.70%, HDFC 2018* 1 250.00 100.1968 100.1968 100.1968 100.1968 7.9000 9.11%, LICH 2018A* 1 100.00 100.1303 100.1303 100.1303 100.1303 7.7600 7.57%, LICH 2021* 1 650.00 98.4862 98.4862 98.4862 98.4862 8.1500 7.70%, LTHF 2020* 2 500.00 98.6208 98.6208 98.6208 98.6208 8.3000 7.00%, RIL 2022* 1 250.00 96.4290 96.4290 96.4290 96.4290 7.9400 8.10%, RJIC 2019A* 1 250.00 100.1747 100.1747 100.1747 100.1747 7.9000 9.25%, RJIC 2024* 2 250.00 103.7924 103.7924 103.7924 103.7924 8.4300 Total 12 3050.00 Central Government Goi Dated Securities --------------------------------------- 5.69%, 2018* 1 2000.00 99.4000 99.4000 99.4000 99.4000 6.6495 6.05%, 2019A* 2 3450.00 99.2821 99.2821 99.2821 99.2821 6.8100 6.35%, 2020* 2 5000.00 98.9891 98.9891 98.9891 98.9891 6.9200 8.79%, 2021* 2 600.00 105.0200 105.0200 105.0200 105.0200 7.2346 7.73%, 2034* 1 410.00 97.5091 97.5091 97.5091 97.5091 8.0000 8.17%, 2044* 2 200.00 102.8585 101.6250 102.8585 102.2418 7.9650 Total 10 11660.00 Institutions Non-Slr Bond ------------------------- 7.88%, EXIM 2033* 1 150.00 97.6477 97.6477 97.6477 97.6477 8.1500 Total 1 150.00 Public Sector Unit Taxable Bond ------------------------------- 7.24%, RECL 2021* 2 700.00 98.2211 98.1902 98.2211 98.2057 7.7950 8.27%, RECL 2025* 1 700.00 100.7170 100.7170 100.7170 100.7170 8.1200 Total 3 1400.00 State Government Development Loan --------------------------------- 7.82%, KRN 2027* 1 500.00 97.6428 97.6428 97.6428 97.6428 8.1700 Total 1 500.00 Treasury Bill ------------- 317-Days (maturing on) ---------------------- Mar 15, 2018* 1 2000.00 99.3669 99.3669 99.3669 99.3669 6.1200 Total 1 2000.00 Treasury Bill ------------- 91-Days (maturing on) ---------------------- Mar 22, 2018* 1 250.00 99.2536 99.2536 99.2536 99.2536 6.1000 Total 1 250.00 (*) Indicates at least one deal in above securities is of Rs. 5 crore or above. Contact Mumbai Rate Reporting Unit: +91 22 6180 7222 / 3317 7222 rru.data@thomsonreuters.com
Both nervous and determined, I stood to make my first speech at the full Oxfordshire County Council meeting on July 11th. In fact, I spoke twice.
First, I supported the motion for the County Council to move to a committee system of governance rather than the existing cabinet system. I spoke about working together, across party lines, for the common good. And how this could be best achieved through a committee system, encouraging round-table decision making, than the cabinet model of top-down governance. The motion, with amendment to investigate the options available and to change the structure as soon as practicable, was carried.
I also spoke in favour of a motion to invite all Oxfordshire MPs to come to a meeting of County Council to discuss how we can work together to better serve our local residents. When this happens, I plan on asking questions about school funding, local bus services and protecting the Green Belt, amongst other issues. All elected representatives have a duty to their electors. Integrating our local and national efforts to achieve the best outcomes for Oxfordshire residents makes sense.
My appetite is now whetted, and I have mental drafts of three motions I wish to put to full council in September. Of course, our Lib Dem Group will work through all of our ideas and choose the best ones to present to council. It is great to be part of a team of 13 Lib Dem County Councillors. I'm learning a huge amount from my colleagues who have served for many years, and also enjoying the company of fellow newbies like the wonderful Liz Leffman, who brings a wealth of experience into the role.
Choosing our priorities and working as a team is definitely effective for political action. In the Lib Dem Group we each have our assigned committees and duties. I'm serving on the Planning and Regulation Committee and on Corporate Parenting. I'm also substituting for the Education Scrutiny Committee. A lot to learn, but what a difference we can make. Time well spent, from my point of view.
* Kirsten Johnson is the Liberal Democrat Parliamentary Spokesperson for Oxford East and a member of the Federal International Relations Committee.
A 58-year-old Berwick man was charged Friday with DWI third offense, according to Berwick police.
—Adrian Angeron, 58, of Parro Lane in Berwick, was arrested at 2:24 a.m. Friday on charges of DWI third offense-refusal, speeding 57 mph in a 45 mph zone, driving under suspension and no proof of insurance. No bail was set yet.
Berwick Police Chief James Richard reported the following arrest:
—Eddie Gray, 25, of Utah Street in Berwick, was arrested at 5 p.m. Saturday on charges of operating a vehicle while intoxicated and careless operation with a crash. Gray posted $2,750 bail.
Morgan City Police Chief James Blair reported the following arrests:
—Ronald Picou, 52, of Karen Drive in Morgan City, was arrested at 9:55 a.m. Saturday on a warrant charging him with failure to appear to pay a fine.
Picou was located in the area of Sixth and Louisa streets and it was determined that Picou had a city court warrant for his arrest. Picou was jailed.
—Frank D. Peavy, 45, of First Street in Morgan City, was arrested at 12:46 a.m. Saturday on charges of disturbing the peace, criminal damage to property and remaining after being forbidden.
Officers responded to a home on Louisa Street in regard to a disturbance with an individual that had previously been told not to return to the home. Officers located the individual, Peavy, who was yelling and using profanities outside of the home, Blair said. Peavy had also damaged a door inside the home, Blair said. Peavy was jailed.
—Chris J. Boudreaux, 50, of McDermott Drive in Morgan City, was arrested at 5:08 p.m. Saturday on a warrant charging him with contempt of court. Boudreaux was located at his home, arrested and jailed.
—Danzell A. Washington, 26, of Frederick Drive in Thibodaux, was arrested at 4:32 a.m. Sunday on charges of driving under suspension, switched license plate and no insurance.
A patrol officer in the area of La. 182 and Martin Luther King Boulevard observed a vehicle traveling at a rate higher than the posted speed. A traffic stop was conducted and the driver, Washington, had a suspended driver's license, Blair said.
There was also no insurance on the vehicle and the license plate had been switched, Blair said. Washington was jailed.
—Lantrell Ayers, 26, of Mallard Street in Morgan City, was arrested at 9:53 a.m. Sunday on a warrant charging him with theft less than $1,000, remaining after being forbidden and no driver's license.
A patrol officer in the area of Mallard Street observed a vehicle driven by Ayers. The officer, knowing of an active warrant on Ayers, conducted a traffic stop, Blair said. The warrant stems from a Dec. 1 incident where Ayers allegedly took an item from a business without paying.
Ayers also did not have a valid driver's license and had been previously barred from all Morgan City Housing Authority Property, Blair said. Ayers was jailed.
—Drake Wood, 17, of Parro Street in Berwick, was arrested at 12:17 a.m. Friday on charges of possession of marijuana, illegal use of a controlled dangerous substance in the presence of juveniles and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Patrol officers observed a vehicle being operated in an erratic manner in the area of Roderick Street. A stop was initiated, and Wood was identified as an occupant of the vehicle.
Wood was in possession of suspected marijuana and drug paraphernalia, Blair said. There were also two juveniles in the vehicle. Wood was jailed.
St. Mary Parish Sheriff Mark Hebert reported that deputies responded to 170 complaints in the parish and reported the following arrests relating to east St. Mary Parish:
—Frank Rock Jr., 30, of Patterson, was arrested at 8:28 a.m. Thursday on charges of remaining where forbidden and possession of marijuana.
A deputy responding to a complaint of trespassing in the Patterson area located Rock inside a home that he had previously been told to vacate, Blair said. The deputy also located marijuana inside the home. Rock was jailed with bail set at $2,500.
—Jonathan Brown Sr., 58, of Clarke Road in Bayou Vista, was arrested at 2:33 p.m. Sunday on a warrant for failure to appear on charges of aggravated assault with a firearm and disturbing the peace by using offensive language.
During booking at the parish jail, a correctional deputy located the active warrant for Brown's arrest. No bail is set.
Patterson Police Chief Patrick LaSalle reported no arrests.
Russia's jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny has urged thousands of supporters to turn out for nationwide rallies on President Vladimir Putin's birthday on Saturday to protest against his nearly two-decade rule.The charismatic anti-corruption campaigner who has declared his intention to run in a presidential election next March to unseat Putin is hoping to see protests in some 80 Russian cities with the main rallies in Putin's hometown of Saint Petersburg and the capital Moscow.In an address dictated from his prison cell, the 41-year-old Yale-educated lawyer, with a street-smart image and a penchant for catchy slogans, compared life under Putin's regime to a forced diet of "turnip.""If we do nothing, they will be feeding us this damn turnip for the rest of our lives. And our children too," Navalny said this week.A court on Monday sentenced him to 20 days in jail on charges of repeatedly violating a law on organising public meetings.Contested elections along with Navalny's release from jail and permission for him to put his name on the ballot are the opposition's top demands.The authorities in Moscow and Saint Petersburg have refused to allow the protesters to gather in the city centre, and the rallies could end in violence.In a strongly-worded video address released by Navalny's campaign team, one of Russia's most acclaimed film directors, Andrei Zvyagintsev, slammed Putin for hindering Navalny.He criticised the prospect of Russians voting in polls where "we are asked to choose one out of one.""It's just revolting watching this spectacle," he said.Putin, who turns 65, has ruled over Russia since 1999. He said this week he has not yet decided whether he will seek another six-year term. But he is widely expected to run in March elections and win.Navalny brought tens of thousands of supporters -- many of them were students and schoolchildren -- onto the streets for unauthorised protests across the country on March 26 and June 12.The participation of minors in opposition rallies stunned the authorities, with the protests ending in violent clashes.Police arrested more than 1,000 people in Moscow alone at the March 26 demonstration.Navalny himself was detained even before arriving at those two rallies in Moscow and served 15 and 25 days in jail for organising the events. Several protesters were given lengthy prison terms.Navalny has been able to breathe new life into the protest movement by tapping into the anger of Russia's young generation who have grown up under Putin and yearn for change.Polina Kostyleva, the head of the opposition politician's campaign headquarters in Saint Petersburg, was hard-pressed to say how many people would turn out in the city on Saturday after the latest series of arrests and searches targeting Navalny and his supporters."Anything can happen. Young people show up -- they have nothing to lose," she told AFP."This event will show the authorities' attitude towards Navalny and us."Navalny was arrested last week as he was planning to travel to a rally in a provincial city, part of his election campaign that has seen him rouse supporters across the country.One of his closest allies, Leonid Volkov, has also been sentenced to 20 days in jail.In the past days, Navalny's Moscow campaign headquarters and several other offices have been raided.Officials have said he is not eligible to run for president because he is serving a suspended sentence for fraud.Navalny shot to prominence as an organiser of huge anti-Putin rallies that shook Russia in 2011-2012 following claims of vote-rigging in a parliamentary poll but gradually died down.Navalny stood for Moscow mayor in 2013 with a Western-style campaign and a message of snuffing out corruption, coming second against a Kremlin-backed incumbent.Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Putin would celebrate his birthday with his family and also chair a meeting of Russia's security council.Officials and Kremlin supporters seek to outdo one another as they sing Putin's praises on his birthday.
An attorney for a British cybersecurity researcher accused of creating malicious software to steal banking information says the researcher is “brilliant” and “a hero” who will eventually be cleared.
Marcus Hutchins pleaded not guilty on Monday in Wisconsin federal court to charges of conspiring to commit computer fraud. He was arrested Aug. 2 in the Las Vegas airport on his way home to England after a cybersecurity convention.
Until then, Hutchins had been seen as a cybercrime-fighting hero for finding a “kill switch” earlier this year that slowed the outbreak of the damaging WannaCry virus.
Hutchins' attorney Marcia Hoffman says he will vigorously defend himself and will be “fully vindicated” at trial.
An Oct. 23 trial date has been set.
Hutchins, 22, works for the Los Angeles security firm Kryptos Logic. But federal prosecutors say that, at least at one point in his career, he had malicious intent. In a July 12 indictment unsealed this month, Hutchins is described as having created, maintained and marketed the Kronos banking Trojan from July 2014 to July 2015.
The program — often distributed through document attachments in phishing emails — monitors consumers' online browsing and leads them to fraudulent websites designed to look like legitimate banking services. Kronos then harvests usernames, passwords and other information from unsuspecting consumers. Sellers described Kronos as capable of evading antivirus software and snooping on the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox and Internet Explorer.
The allegations from a two-year FBI investigation point to one of the cybersecurity sector's most distinctive traits: the revolving door between those trying to stop attacks and those launching them.
People often transition between hacking with malicious intent and working as well-meaning investigators. The mischievous work of the past can be an asset to companies and law enforcement agencies looking to get an edge on new waves of criminals. But it also can mar the reputation of the burgeoning industry.
Times staff writer Paresh Dave contributed to this report.
Washington: US president Donald Trump has authorised the release of a controversial Republican memo alleging intelligence abuses, hours after he accused the justice department and FBI of a "pro-Democrat bias", saying they had "politicised" the probe against Republicans.
White House spokesman Raj Shah said the document has been transmitted to the minority and majority members in the House
Intelligence Committee. The document was also sent to House Speaker Paul Ryan's office, he said. The White House requested no redactions, Shah said, according to CNN.
Speaking in the Oval Office, Trump implied the memo revealed political bias at the FBI. He said he believed the purported bias was a "disgrace" and said certain people should be "ashamed of themselves". The extraordinary decision to release the classified four-page memo with a never-before-used House Intelligence Committee rule would escalate the partisan fight over the investigations into Russian election meddling and possible collusion.
This will likely have major repercussions for the relationship between the Justice Department and Capitol Hill. The memo's release would also threaten to further fracture the frayed relationship between the president and his justice department and intelligence community, both of which opposed the release of the document, which is based on classified intelligence.
The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the memo omits key information that could impact its veracity. The memo, spearheaded by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, alleges that the FBI used the opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia written by ex-British intelligence agent Christopher Steele to secure a FISA surveillance warrant on former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page without disclosing that the dossier was funded in part by Democratic sources.
In a statement earlier this week, Nunes said, "It's clear that top officials used unverified information in a court document to fuel a counter-intelligence investigation during an American political campaign."
The memo alleges FBI abused its surveillance tools during its probe into the alleged Russian collusion in the 2016 US presidential election.
Trump's accusation is the rarest of the rare instance as it maligns people he appointed to their roles, including FBI director Christopher Wray, who he nominated after firing former James Comey in May. "The top leadership and investigators of the FBI and the justice department have politicised the sacred investigative process in favour of Democrats and against Republicans —
something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago," Trump said in a tweet.
"Rank and File are great people!" he added.
The tweet also puts Trump squarely on the side of the Republican lawmakers who view the memo as a document that exposes the nefarious designs of the FBI.
In a follow-up tweet, Trump quoted from a recent speech given by American activist and president of conservative watchdog operation Judicial Watch, Tom Fitton, in which he alleged the Democrats attempted to conceal their funding of a dossier that accused Trump of personal ties to the Kremlin.
"'You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama administration to convince a court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team, Tom Fitton'," Trump wrote.
Lilium, a German start-up with Silicon Valley-scale ambitions to put electric "flying taxis" in the air next decade, has hired Frank Stephenson, the designer behind iconic car brands including the modern Mini, Fiat 500 and McLaren P1. Lilium is developing a lightweight aircraft powered by 36 electric jet engines mounted on its wings. It aims to travel at speeds of up to 300 kilometers (186 miles) per hour, with a range of 300 km on a single charge, the firm has said. Founded in 2015 by four Munich Technical University students, the Bavarian firm has set out plans to demonstrate a fully functional vertical take-off electric jet by next year, with plans to begin online booking of commuter flights by 2025.
Stephenson, 58, who holds American and British citizenship, will join the aviation start-up in May. He lives west of London and will commute weekly to Lilium's offices outside of Munich. His job is to design a plane on the outside and a car inside. Famous for a string of hits at BMW, Mini, Ferrari, Maserati, Fiat, Alfa Romeo and McLaren, Stephenson will lead all aspects of Lilium design, including the interior and exterior of its jets, the service's landing pads and even its departure lounges.
"With Lilium, we don't have to base the jet on anything that has been done before," Stephenson told Reuters in an interview.
"What's so incredibly exciting about this is we're not talking about modifying a car to take to the skies, and we are not talking about modifying a helicopter to work in a better way."
Stephenson recalled working at Ferrari a dozen years ago and thinking it was the greatest job a grown-up kid could ever want. But the limits of working at such a storied carmaker dawned on him: "I always had to make a car that looked like a Ferrari".
His move to McLaren, where he worked from 2008 until 2017, freed him to design a new look and design language from scratch: "That was as good as it gets for a designer," he said.
Lilium is developing a five-seat flying electric vehicle for commuters after tests in 2017 of a two-seat jet capable of a mid-air transition from hover mode, like drones, into wing-borne flight, like conventional aircraft. The jet, with power consumption per kilometre comparable to an electric car, could offer passenger flights at prices taxis now charge but at speeds five times faster, Lilium has said.
Nonetheless, flying cars face many hurdles, including convincing regulators and the public that their products can be used safely. Governments are still grappling with regulations for drones and driverless cars.
Start off the new year with an exclusive look at the innovative security technology in the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis in our annual Security Technology & Innovations Report. This issue also includes guides for retail security leaders on video surveillance techniques, tips for retrofitting your access control systems, and recommendations for the new U.S. president on cybersecurity and terrorism.
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ford Motor's China joint venture will recall 567,167 vehicles from Feb. 25, China's quality watchdog said on Friday.
The recall is due to some brake-related problems, according to a statement posted on the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine's website. (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — The Kent County Sheriff's Office is warning citizens of a child pornography video that is showing up in Facebook messenger inboxes.
Authorities said multiple reports of a video containing child pornography and an accompanying message asking people to spread the video to identify the victim and the perpetrator have been made. They are asking the public to stop forwarding, sharing or showing the video to anyone, as it could be considered dissemination of child pornography no matter what the intentions are.
If anyone finds the video in their inbox, they are encouraged to delete it immediately.
The Kent County Sheriff's Office said it is investigating the matter.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Brisbane: German number one Alexander Zverev beat Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to give his country a 3-1 win over Australia in their Davis Cup World Group tie in Brisbane on Sunday.
Zverev produced some superb tennis to down Kyrgios 6-2, 7-6 (3), 6-2 in one hour and 48 minutes.
Zverev served beautifully throughout, only facing two break points in the match, both at the end of the second set and both of which he saved.
He also returned well, getting many of Kyrgios's thunderbolts back in play and then winning the battle from the back of the court.
"It's awesome, it's an amazing feeling and without my teammates, it wouldn't have been possible," Zverev said.
"Obviously we're happy but hopefully this is just the beginning for us."
Kyrgios went into the match full of expectation after an impressive win over Jan-Lennard Struff in Friday's opening singles.
Zverev, on the other hand, had looked out of touch on Friday and was pushed for almost four hours before seeing off 18-year-old Alex de Minaur in five sets.
But following the Germany win in the doubles on Saturday to give them a 2-1 lead, all the pressure was on Kyrgios, who had to win to keep the tie alive.
The mercurial Australian opened brilliantly, holding his serve to love much to the delight of the boisterous home crowd.
But that was almost as good as it got for the Australian team, as Kyrgios lost two of his next three service games to surrender the opening set in just 23 minutes.
Kyrgios appeared troubled by an elbow problem in the first set and it became more noticeable in the second, the Australian often shaking his right arm between points.
He served better in the second set, firing down eight aces, but at 4-3 he had a medical timeout for treatment on his arm.
The Australian continued to serve well and had two set points on Zverev's serve at 6-5, but the German saved both then played a superb tiebreak to take a stranglehold on the rubber.
Once Zverev broke to go ahead 3-1 the result was never really in doubt and at 2-5, Kyrgios was broken again to give Germany the tie.
Under new Davis Cup rules, the dead rubber between Struff and de Minaur was not played.
New Delhi: Automaker Ford India on Monday said it will increase prices of its models by up to 4 percent from January to partially offset the impact of rising input costs.
"The price increase is necessary due to several external factors, such as frequent fluctuations in commodity prices and rising input and freight costs," Ford India Executive Director-Marketing, Sales and Service, Vinay Raina said in a statement.
The company has tried to minimise the impact on its customers by absorbing a large part of these incremental costs and capping the price hike to 4 percent, Raina added.
The company said the price hike would apply to all Ford products, including the recently launched new Ford EcoSport.
"From an introductory price of Rs 7,31,200, Ford EcoSport is expected to see revision of up to Rs 30,000 across variants," it added.
Ford currently sells a range of models, from hatchback Figo with price starting at Rs 4.8 lakh to iconic sports car Mustang priced at Rs 71.62 lakh (all prices ex-showroom Delhi).
Out&About at NEPA Vegfest
Coping Your guide to area support groups (read more)
Syrian refugees to serve homeland's dishes at Global Tastes dinner When Faten Al-Mahameed fled the war-ravaged Daraa region of Syria with her husband and children in 2015, she left much behind to get her loved ones to safety in America. What the family didn't lose during its resettlement in Scranton through Catholic Soci (read more)
Matriarch's zucchini saute a lake house staple The Cieros are all about food and family. Norma Ciero's daughter, Donna Nelson, won the Local Flavor contest in August for her Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe. (read more)
Say a final goodbye to season with Polynesian Cake It's officially fall, but Irene Santarsiero gave us one last taste of summer. She made a cake so delicious it practically begged us to revisit the hot weather: Polynesian Cake (read more)
Melting Pot transforms into senior center serving international fare Long before it was taken over by a trio of brothers who repurposed it as a senior center, the Melting Pot in West Scranton served as a warm gathering spot for parties, banquets and special occasions. (read more)
"Anytime a pitcher has a little bump in the road there's some concern," manager Mike Scioscia said. "I think that everything that was evaluated says just that. This is a bump in the road. We'll get him out on the mound as soon as possible."
Big winegrape grower and winemaker, Treasury Wine Estates (TWE), has more than doubled its first half net profit posting an after tax result of 136.2 million.
The former wine marketing division of Fosters and now name behind brands like Penfolds, Wolf Blass and Wynns has attributed part of its good result to earnings flowing from its purchase of Diageo's wine assets in the US in 2015-16.
Treasury achieved earnings per share (EPS) of 18.5 cents.
“All regions delivered double digit EBITS growth and importantly, growth was delivered sustainably,” said chief executive officer, Michael Clarke.
“I am delighted to report a strong interim 2017 financial result highlighted by further margin accretion, excellent cash conversion and outstanding EPS growth, despite the higher share base.”
“The result announcement demonstrates we are executing on all the initiatives we have communicated to the market and importantly, that TWE is continuing to deliver sustainable value to its shareholders”.
TWE's Asian market profits have jumped 16-fold in the past three years, but the US business is now the largest profit centre in its stable following the $754m Diageo purchase.
Mr Clarke is now set to base himself part-time in the US, in California.
He said if the company made another large acquisition he would seriously contemplate permanently shifting Treasury's head office to the US.
But for now the company would stay headquartered in Melbourne.
TWE has 9000 hectares of Australian and New Zealand vineyards based on the Barossa and Coonawarra regions in South Australia and Marlborough on NZ's South Island, plus 4000ha in California.
Pakistan batsman Nasir Jamshed has been banned for a year for failing to cooperate with the Pakistan Cricket Board's (PCB) Anti-Corruption Unit (ACU) regarding an investigation into corruption, the governing body said on Monday.
Jamshed, who has played 48 one-day internationals for Pakistan, was suspended from all forms of cricket in February for violating the PCB's anti-corruption code.
“Anti Corruption Tribunal has imposed one year ban on cricketer Nasir Jamshed for non-co-operation with PCB ACU, more charges will be brought up in near future,” the PCB said on their official Twitter account.
The 27-year-old did not participate in the first two editions of the Pakistan Super League (PSL) but is alleged to have played a major role in the spot-fixing scandal that engulfed the Twenty20 tournament earlier this year.
Batsmen Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif were handed five-year bans for their role in the scandal, while paceman Mohammad Irfan and all-rounder Mohammad Nawaz received respective suspensions for 12 and two months.
To secure its borders against the terror threats emanating from northern Syria, Turkey launched Operation Olive Branch on Jan. 20. Today, two months later, the operation is continuing successfully with the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) and the Free Syrian Army (FSA) recently taking full control of Afrin, an important town in northern Syria for the terrorists, as well as nearby villages. Since the first day of the operation, Turkey has been using, to a significant extent, domestically developed military vehicles, arms and ammunition. Representatives of the national defense industry, academics and bureaucrats have stressed that the success of Operation Olive Branch is thanks to the domestically developed defense systems - including an indigenous radar jammer, the T-155 Fırtına self-propelled howitzers, the Kirpi (a mine-resistant ambush vehicle), multiple rocket launchers, the ATAK Advanced Attack and Tactical Reconnaissance helicopter, precision guided kits and unmanned aerial vehicles.
The defense industry, academics and bureaucrats came together for the SAHA Istanbul Defense and Aerospace Cluster Association'sthird anniversary. The importance of domestic production in the defense industry and the correlation that it has to the success achieved in Operation Olive Branch in Afrin was discussed at the gathering. It was pointed out that some embargo-imposed defense industry products are produced in Turkey.
Representatives of the defense industry also underlined that the rate of localization for Roketsan, a major Turkish weapons manufacturer and defense contractor, increased to 75 percent.
Speaking at the meeting, the Undersecretary for Defense Industries (SSM) Dr. Ismail Demir stated that Turkey has defense companies in the world's top 100 in terms of the defense industry pyramid, but that there are no companies entering the central part of that pyramid.
Noting that the foundation companies should now be the driving force and they should support the small-scaled industrialists, Demir said private companies are now internalizing the foundation companies. Demir pointed out that the public's perception in the defense industry is quite good today.
"The army now in operation is getting good results, using national and domestic weapons. This is such a sector that it is our duty to provide the soldiers currently under tough conditions with the best weapons and logistic support," Demir continued. "Turkey's current fight and keeping its head upright requires us to work 24/7 tirelessly in a spirit of mobilization. The young people in this industry have the same spirit."
Meanwhile, Roketsan Chairman M. Emin Alpman said President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan stressed permanent nationality and locality in the defense industry.
Evaluating the embargo on smart ammunition used in the Afrin operations, Alpman said they have mini-smart ammunition, which has contributed to the success of the operation.
"We had to take a piece of it from abroad and faced an embargo. We had to find it fast. And now one of our companies is making that piece," Alpman added.
Stressing that with the understanding of "national and domestic products" the state backs the companies, Alpman said they have reached 87 percent in nationality and 75 percent in locality.
"Locality and nationality are very important. We also produced the embargo-imposed products due to the Afrin operation with domestic and national means," he noted.
"We are a group that has been producing for the defense industry since the 1980s. A strong Turkey is the collateral of the regional countries. Now there is great will for the national and domestic defense industry. We can take action backed by this will," Istanbul Chamber of Industry (ICI) General Assembly Chairman and Kale Group Chairman Zeynep Bodur Okyay said. "Let us not forget this sector is shaped by the state. At the beginning of the 2000s, we were the sixth most importing country in the defense industry. We fell to 11th place thanks to the locality project we carried out in the past. This is an important indicator."
TBMM Industry, Trade, Energy, Natural Resources, Information and Technology Commission Chairman Ziya Altunyaldız underlined that Turkey has experienced a significant paradigm shift in the past 15 years.
"Industrialists and universities are no longer separated in Turkey. We are now evolving toward a culture that is not sitting, but acting, finding a solution partner, regarding the involvement in the construction and value process is a must for being successful," Altunyaldız said.
Recalling that they set out three years ago with 27 founders, SAHA Istanbul Chairman Hasan Büyükdede said at the point they have arrived today, they have raised their national potential. He noted that they aim to be the contact point of more than 65,000 industrial facilities and universities with institutions affiliated to the Undersecretariat, and companies such as STM, Roketsan, Havelsan, TAI and Aselsan.
"The needs of the defense industry can no longer be procured from the outside. It is time to act together in this regard," he said.
By FESTUS OKOROMADU, Abuja
The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Authority (PPPRA) has refused to confirm or refute allegations by the President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) Comrade Ayuba Wabba who claimed during the weekend that the federal government is attempting to hike the prices of petroleum products.
He was speaking at the opening of NLC's National Executive Council meeting in Sokoto, stated that the body would not hesitate to protest against such increase.
According to the NLC president, such an act would further increase the sufferings of Nigerians, stressing that congress would mobilise Nigerians to resist any increase.
“While Nigerians are still struggling to cope with the severe hardship imposed on them by the last increase in the price of petroleum products, there are ongoing media campaigns and contradictory statements by the NNPC and government officials on yet another plan to review the template for the pricing of petroleum products,” Wabba stated.
“We are totally opposed to any further increases as we are yet to see the benefits of the last increase even as the current Minimum Wage Act has not been reviewed.
“It would amount to unleashing further hardship on workers and the poor if any further price increase is allowed.
“The government must not take us for granted. Indeed, the patience and perseverance of the entire populace must not be taken for granted, as we will sure mobilise the entire citizenry for mass protests in addition to other legitimate actions to resist any further increase.”
When contacted to comment on the purported price increase the spokesperson of PPPRA, Mr. Lanre Oladele did not pick his calls even as he failed to respond to short text messages sent to his phone.
It will be recalled that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has being import petroleum products in recent times with some persons claiming that the Corporation is subsidizing the products unofficially.
Like this: Like Loading...
Wed, Jun 14: Global's Leslie Horton talks to Calgary Stampede President Dave Sibbald about the 2017 Calgary Stampede Parade Marshals.
Well-known McGill University professor, choral conductor and musical scholar Eleanor Stubley has been found dead.
She had been missing since Monday, Aug. 7.
READ MORE: Well-known McGill music professor missing, police and family asking for help
The 57-year-old was last seen dropping off a friend near the intersection of Notre-Dame and Saint-Philippe streets in Montreal's Sud-Ouest borough.
Stubley lived with multiple sclerosis.
WATCH BELOW: Police were searching for Eleanor Stubley last week
When it was reported Stubley was missing, her colleagues at McGill expressed concern.
“She's a widely respected choral conductor and has been teaching at McGill for well over 20 years,” Stephane Lemelin, chair of the Department of Performance at the Schulich School of Music, told Global News Sunday.
“She's a choral conductor, she's a musicologist, she's written extensively about Canadian music in particular. She's a thought-provoking, articulate scholar.”
Police say they do not suspect foul play.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is taking a second emergency move to keep the government from going above the debt limit that is now back in effect.
In a letter to congressional leaders, Mnuchin says he will not be able to fully invest in a large civil service retirement and disability fund. He says skipped investments will be restored once the debt limit has been raised.
In September, Congress agreed to suspend the debt limit, allowing the government to borrow as much as it needed. But that suspension ended Friday.
The government says the debt subject to limit stood at $20.46 trillion on Friday. Mnuchin has said he will employ various "extraordinary measures" to buy time until Congress raises the limit.
Don MacIntyre, MLA for Innisfail-Sylvan Lake, resigned from the United Conservative Party Caucus on Friday citing family reasons. Kim Smith reports.
Having earlier accused Congress of using impeachment notice against the CJI as a political tool, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday blamed eminent lawyers who are also part of political parties of dragging "intra court disputes into the parliamentary process".In a long Facebook post, second in four days, Jaitley said business persons and industrialists have frequently been accused of attempting to influence policy by using parliamentary processes. But now lawyer politicians were using the same methods."Most political parties have given nominations to some of them since their value, both in court and Parliamentary debates, is significant. The incidental impact of this has been a growing tendency of lawyer Members to drag intra court disputes into the parliamentary process. The misconceived motion for the impeachment of the Chief Justice of India is just one example of this," wrote Jaitley in his post.On Saturday, Opposition MPs handed over the impeachment motion to Vice Chairman of Rajya Sabha Venkaiah Naidu. The notice was moved "on five grounds of misbehaviour".The notice was subsequently shot down by Naidu claiming that the Opposition MPs were "unsure" of their own case and that their notice was based on "suspicion and conjectures".In his post titled 'Why the Malafide Impeachment Motion was bound to fail?' Jaitley detailed how it was wrong at so many levels.Jaitley said the notice was filed on untenable grounds and with the "purpose to intimidate the Chief Justice of India and other judges of the highest judiciary"."The Congress Party is capable of dragging the judges into an unsavoury controversy and make them controversial, should their judicial opinion not appear favourable in the cases in which the Party has an interest...The Congress Party knew this. It's object was not the passage of the Motion but intimidation of India's judiciary," said Jaitley.Jaitley also said the impeachment notice was "poorly drafted" and it failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the said judge was guilty.Much like Congress's five counts of misbehaviour against Justice Misra, Jaitley too came up with five reasons why the petition was malafide and improper.Jaitley termed Congress's decision to file a petition in the Supreme Court a "blunder"."For the Congress Party to carry forward its mistake of subjecting legislative processes to judicial review would be a blunder. The Parliament is supreme in its own jurisdiction. Its process cannot be subjected to judicial review," said Jaitley.Read Jaitley's complete Facebook post here:
Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times
A multiple-exposure portrait of Chinese contemporary artist and human rights activist Ai Weiwei, made on film in Beverly Hills, on the occasion of his new documentary, "Human Flow."
A multiple-exposure portrait of Chinese contemporary artist and human rights activist Ai Weiwei, made on film in Beverly Hills, on the occasion of his new documentary, "Human Flow." (Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times)
This is one of those things that's been on the Internet for a while and for whatever reason is only now making its way to my eyeballs. But now that I've seen it, I can't look away.
When you watch, you'll likely see a reflection of yourself in it. You're either free and easy, dancing like nobody's watching, or you're the bird on the left, arms folded in a corner of the party hoping everyone leaves you alone.
So which cockatoo are you? The not-feeling-it bird on the left, or the'm-all-in bird on the right?
0
Writer/Producer Lena Waithe is having a moment, but it's a moment that she'd like to turn into a series of moments that stretches over the length of a career, and she's definitely amassing a compelling body of work with its own clear but evolving voice that will continue to lead her down that path. After the highly praised “Thanksgiving” episode of Netflix's Master of None, for which she was the first black woman to win the Emmy for writing in a comedy series, she defied expectation and went on to bring us the drama series The Chi, currently airing on Showtime, which is set in the South Side of Chicago and centers on a group of residents who become linked by circumstance, but bond over the need for connection and redemption. And in between making that show, which she created, and writing various other scripts for TV and film, she flew to London and shot a role in Steven Spielberg's Ready Player One.
While at the TCA Press Tour presentation for Showtime, Collider got the opportunity to sit down with Lena Waithe to chat 1-on-1 about why she feels her moment is only just beginning, that she never could have imagined acting in a Steven Spielberg movie, finding her voice as a storyteller, how The Chi has evolved, the challenge of finding directors that share and understand her voice, what she'd like people to know about Chicago, how far ahead she's thought about where she'd like to take the series, and that being yourself is truly a revolutionary act.
Collider: Everybody says that you're having your moment. Do you feel like you're having your moment, or do you feel like your moment is only just beginning?
LENA WAITHE: I feel like it's just beginning. I feel like I wanna have a series of moments. It's scary when they say you're having a moment because moments are momentary. I get it, though. It's a culmination of things that have come together. I think it's just because I had a year where I was working on a lot of different things. I was working toward getting The Chi picked up, I was in London filming Ready Player One, and then Aziz [Ansari] came to London so I could co-write my episode of [Master of None], which ultimately became “Thanksgiving.” I did that all in one year. And then, the following year, these things started coming out into the world, and I'm excited for Ready Player One to come out, at the end of March. We're all looking at the fruits of my labor, and it blossomed, all at the same time. It's so interesting because I appreciate the moment. I really do. At the end of the day, it's about building off of that moment and maybe slowing down, here and there, but always having cool things that I'm a part of, so that they come out sporadically and the moment keeps going. I also like to spread the love and shed the light on other creators and writers. I feel like the moment should be for all of us. Everybody deserves a moment.
Could you ever have imagined that you'd be acting in a movie directed by Steven Spielberg?
WAITHE: No! It's really crazy! Oprah might have been quoting somebody else, but she said, “God can always dream a bigger dream than you can dream for yourself.” I think that's one of those God dreams. I didn't even have the chutzpah to dream that up. Also, the acting thing came organically. Allison Jones mentioned me to Aziz. Ellen Lewis, who cast Ready Player One, found me and said, “Come in and read for this thing.” And Steven saw the tape and said, “Yeah, this girl should be in the movie.” It's just a matter of being blessed and having these opportunities, and me just being myself. I'm very grateful that I'm the kind of actor where I'm not some character actor. I can't disappear into a world. Who knows? I may end up doing that. But I think people really like the sauce that I bring to things, my cadence, and my sensibility. To be yourself is truly a revolutionary act, and I think more and more people should try it because it's gotten me a pretty cool life.
Did you have a moment on that set where you freaked out about being directed by Steven Spielberg?
WAITHE: You do, the first day. The first day, you're like, “This is crazy!” But honestly, he's so great about that. He understands that when he walks into a room, the energy shifts, so he's really good about keeping everybody taking deep breaths and remaining grounded. You're so busy playing and having fun. That movie really lends itself to that. You're just so busy going, “So, I'm gonna jump over this thing, land here, and then point the fake gun there? Okay, great!” There are so many elements at work, and a lot of it was motion capture, so we were always paying attention to our movements and what we were doing. And then, when we were doing the live-action part of it, it was shot on 35mm film, so you could mess up, but you didn't want to because it wasn't just going again because they'd have to reload. You really just wanted to be your best self, every day on set. You didn't have time to think about, “What's Steven gonna think?!” You were just like, “I wanna hit my mark, I wanna get my line, I wanna make sure I step into my light, so that way, I don't mess up this take.” But, he's like family. I love him. Every time I see him, I tell him I loved him and that I missed him. I can't wait to work with him again. He's phenomenal. He's everything you would dream he is. He's great.
How long did it take you to find your voice, as a storyteller, and to be confident in that voice?
WAITHE: I'm still trying to find it. It may be hard to believe that because I'm putting things out into the world, people really liked “Thanksgiving,” and we've gotten such great positive feedback on The Chi. But every time I sit down to write something, I'm trying to find it. I'm trying to find the voice I need for that particular story. I'm the voice of all the characters. I have to step into every character's shoes. For me, it's always about understanding my characters very well, understanding the story I'm trying to tell, and making sure I get the fuck out of the way, honestly. My opinion and what I think doesn't matter. It's about, what is the truth? If I do have an opinion, I'm gonna give that opinion to this character because I believe that character would have that opinion, but another character wouldn't believe what I believe. For this feature I'm writing right now, I didn't want the female character to believe in God. That's important for her. I do. Lena does, but I've gotta remember that when I'm writing her. She's very pragmatic. For her, things are by accident and not destined, but the person she's talking to believes everything is destined, so how does that affect when they communicate with each other. It's all about who's story I'm telling, in that moment, how the conversation is looking, and how honest I can make it. The thing for me is to always tell the truth. Not to preach, but to tell the truth.
You wrote The Chi on spec in 2015, and since then, you've re-shot the pilot and recast some of the actors. How did that decision come about?
WAITHE: Funny enough, the script didn't change, but the director and the cast did. It wasn't that the director or cast was bad. They were all great. But we needed a director that was more in tune with my voice, which is very young and very specific. I don't think there's a show on TV like The Chi, which is great. That's the kind of stuff I want to make. I want to do things where people say, “Oh, I haven't seen that before.” Showtime really understand that and were like, “We've gotta get her somebody that does things off the beaten path,” which is Rick Famuyiwa, with him doing Dope, The Wood and Brown Sugar. He really was the perfect person to come in and breathe a little bit more color and life into it. And then, we got a new casting director with Carmen Cuba, who's a bit more unorthodox, and we really got a unique and dynamic cast. For example, with Ronnie, we cast a little bit older. The lines don't change, but making the character older makes the character that much more sympathetic. Jason [Mitchell] is a little bit more of an everyman. He doesn't have movie star looks, which makes the character a little bit more relatable. The Guild will tell you, the script literally did not change. We kept the credits as is, but we changed the director and the cast, which was a real testament to the pilot that Showtime bought and agreed to shoot. They wanted my voice, but they wanted to elevate the cast and the director, which I was cool with. I was really happy with the outcome.
When it is so much your voice, is it challenging to find directors to hand your scripts over to, who shares that voice?
WAITHE: It is, actually. And Rick is somebody that I really bonded with. He's not just the director of my pilot. He's my friend. He's someone I love. I call him my black Superman. He really did swoop in and say, “Okay, I get what you're doing. Let me go do my thing.” Justin Simien is someone I would literally hand a script to and walk the fuck away because I trust him that much. And Melina Matsoukas is somebody I would give a script to and say, “Do your thing. I trust you.” Those are my people. I have no desire to direct. I really don't. I want to trust directors to do their thing and elevate my material. It's a gene I was born without. I've directed three short films, and I did not enjoy the process of directing. I enjoyed writing those short films. I enjoy writing or producing or acting, and I like doing them separately. That's why it was weird for me to do “Thanksgiving.” It's strange for me to write lines that I was gonna go say. It was so meta because it was me and my story. Aziz loves that shit. For me, I'm like, “Do I have to star in this episode?!” The kid versions of me is what made it digestible. Those are the things that I enjoy doing.
What would you like people to know about Chicago, and more specifically, the Chicago that you know?
WAITHE: That it's more of a community that people would expect. It's not a fuckin' jungle. Every black boy was not born with a gun in his right hand and a pile of drugs in his life. It's really a community. People say hello to each other and talk to each other. It's a hard-working city, it's a strong city, it's a resilient city, and it's a beautiful city. It's full of culture, music, art, love and passion. I wouldn't be sittin' here, if I weren't from Chicago. It's a big part of who I am and I owe the city a huge debt, and I'm always gonna be trying to pay it forward.
How far ahead have you thought about the story you want to tell with The Chi?
WAITHE: I have some big ideas, but I try to not be the Svengali of it all. The writers' room may change. One of the actors may want to go off and do something else. You don't know. You have to leave a little space for God to come in. I'll hold onto my ideas for some things that I like and I wanna do, and I'll pitch them when the time is right, but I really wanna leave room and space. Whenever I meet young writers and they're like, “I've got this pilot and I've got the first 10 seasons mapped out,” I always go, “Good luck to you with that.” You've gotta leave some space for your writers' room. Some exec will say, “Where do you see it going by Season 3?” And I go, “I'm not [Aaron] Sorkin. I'm not Matthew Weiner. My brain doesn't work that way.” We'll see where the world is. We'll see where the actors are. We'll see what that writers' room looks like. You could have a whole new writers' room for Season 3, and they may have ideas that you never could have imagined, and they may be great and you may go, “That's a cool way of doing it. That's interesting.” Sometimes actors go, “You know what? I'm done. I'm good.” I would hope that myself, Showtime and the studio could come together and figure out a way for someone to exit the show that makes sense, that's interesting, that's entertaining and that's beautiful, and gives them room to go do what they wanna go do in their career. That's what people don't think about. When Season 2 or 3 rolls around, everything could be different. Even with Master of None, there's no way that Aziz could have imagined that I'd get cast in a Spielberg and that my show would get picked up. He's super happy for me, but it meant that, in Season 2, he would only have me for a month. If Season 2 was gonna be all about Denise, he woulda been fucked. You have to leave space for people to have lives and to have some spontaneity.
Do you think people are surprised that this show is set from the point of view of five male characters?
WAITHE: There's a reason why I like multi-protagonist stories, particularly when the characters are people of color, because it shows that not all people are a monolith. These characters are all black and they're all male, but they're all so different and they see the world through very different eyes, even though that's a thing that people probably won't pick up on right away. They're all from the same city, they're all male, they're all black, and they all have completely different ways of looking at the world. Isn't that a novel idea? I think that will go a long way.
Did it surprise you that the first show you got out there happened to be a drama?
WAITHE: It was surprising to me, but I was very flattered that people reacted to it the way they did. I was like, “All right, I'm gonna roll with it.” This story is from my belly and from my gut, which is as valid as any comedy I've ever written. I like that people know me as a comedic person, and then they see this drama and it gives them a sense of, “Oh, she can do anything.”
The Chi airs on Sunday nights on Showtime.
The decision by a politically powerful labor group to openly campaign against an embattled Los Angeles-area lawmaker drew a sharp rebuke on Friday from Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon.
The Lakewood Democrat lashed out hours after the State Building and Construction Trades Council of California filed paperwork for a political action committee to defeat Assemblywoman Cristina Garcia (D-Bell Gardens). Garcia, who's seeking her fourth term, took an unpaid leave of absence in February following allegations of sexual misconduct. She has denied the reports and an Assembly investigation remains underway.
Rendon didn't criticize the labor group by name, insisting instead that the decision was driven by oil and gas industry interests.
"This is a thinly veiled attempt by Big Oil and polluters to intimidate me and my members. It is an affront to my speakership,” Rendon said in a statement. “We are proud of the work that the Assembly has done to increase jobs and wages while defending our environment. We will vigorously defend the members of our caucus from any ill-advised political attack."
A statement from the labor group, which sparred with Garcia last year on her effort to link new climate change policies with a crackdown on air pollution, said it had decided to “reverse” past support for her.
“The Trades have thousands of hardworking members in Garcia's district, and we look forward to lifting up another Democrat in the 58th Assembly to better represent them and their families,” said the statement.
The political action committee's campaign finance filing on Friday listed nonmonetary “in kind” contributions from Erin Lehane, a public affairs consultant aligned with the building labor group. Lehane said she had begun “researching” Garcia in November. In January, a former legislative staffer accused her of groping him in 2014.
Lehane, who identified herself as a spokesperson for the labor group's political action committee, said on Friday that she believed Garcia's “hypocrisy threatened a movement that will dictate how much harassment and abuse my daughter will face in her work life.”
Garcia, who has been an outspoken advocate for women in the #MeToo movement, has complained that her political opponents helped fan the flames of the accusations. Through a campaign consultant, she declined to comment on Friday.
Rendon's critique came on the heels of a full-page ad in The Times on Friday, partly paid for by the Trades Council, that criticized “well-funded ivory tower elites” who push proposals that hurt the oil and gas industry.
“We are the real jobs that fuel the real California economy,” read the advertisement.
It takes all kinds of readers to make the book lovin' world go ‘round. There are readers who keep any number of titles open on their e-reader at the same time, bookworms who love to juggle several different genres at once, book nerds who dip into one title after another before committing fully to one read, and literati who arrange their reading material based on free time or location (think: Rory Gilmore's bus book.) Then, there are monogamous readers — those folks (myself included) who can only ever commit to one single book at a time, from beginning to end. No. Matter. What.
While there are definite pros and cons to each reading style, there are just some struggles that only monogamous readers understand — challenges unique to the one-book-at-a-time crowd. Things like balancing book clubs, squeezing in re-reads, respecting reading recommendations, keeping up with the latest literary trends, and working through those sky-high TBR piles that never, ever seem to get any smaller.
If you consider yourself a monogamous reader — aka: your commitment to the book you're reading rivals Noah Calhoun's to Allie Hamilton — then you'll definitely empathize. These are 12 struggles that every monogamous reader will understand.
1.That TBR pile that never ends. Giphy Anybody else's TBR pile (make that piles) reach the ceiling recently? Inevitably, the natural consequence of only ever reading one book at a time — no matter how fast you read — is that you rarely, if ever, read your way thought an entire TBR pile.
2 Two (or more!) of your favorite authors have books coming out on the same day. Giphy As anyone familiar with the publishing industry knows, new books are somehow always, ALWAYS released on the same day each month. Ergo, it is the plight of monogamous bookworms everywhere that between two and 20 books you've been eagerly waiting for will be published on the exact same day — and you will definitely waste valuable reading time trying to decide which one to crack open first.
3 ‘Overnight' bestsellers. Giphy It's a fact of book-loving life that a book nerd will always be in the middle of a book — never are we not busy reading something, and rarely does much (if any) time pass between what we were last reading and what we're reading now. Which is why the overnight bestseller (think: Gone Girl, Girl on the Train, etc.) is a monogamous reader's nightmare. No matter how many of our friends tell us we just have to read such-and-such brand-new title immediately, we've simply got to finish the book we're currently immersed in first — meaning that we often find ourselves behind the books that are trending (and don't even get me started on spoilers.)
4 Two words: book clubs. Giphy I don't know about other bookworms, but I personally have a problem with book clubs — in that I love them dearly and join them compulsively. For the monogamous reader, one or two book clubs at a time is manageable... but there have definitely been moments in my reading life when I've been a member of at least seven (sometimes more!) For anyone not counting, that's seven books a month, plus all the other books I want to read. (Refer back to list item number one at this time, if needed.)
5 You're really (really) struggling to finish a book. Giphy I am seriously against any and all DNF-ing of books (for those less book-obsessed than I, DNF is “did not finish” in bookworm lingo.) But sometimes it is just SO HARD to finish a book that is dragging along or that simply isn't speaking to me. And yet, as a monogamous and anti-DNF reader, I can neither discard the book unfinished, nor pick up another while I'm trudging through. Ugh.
6 The angst of deciding which book to read next. Giphy For the monogamous reader, selecting your next read is like selecting your next lover — who do you want to spend private, uninterrupted, exclusive time with for 200 pages or more? No pressure.
7 The angst of someone lending you a book. Giphy Don't get me wrong, I love getting reading recommendations from friends as much as the next book nerd — but when you lend me a book, you've now interrupted my reading agenda with your reading agenda. No matter what I might want to read next, I HAVE to read what you've just lent me. If I have a finely honed queue of books I'm working my way through, this is enormously disruptive. I'm sorry, but it's true.
8 School. Giphy I haven't been a full-time student in more years than I'd like to admit, but boy do I remember the struggle of balancing my academic reading with my personal reading. When professors assigned several books at the same time, look out.
9 To re-read or not to re-read. Giphy When you're only committing to one book at a time, the book genuinely worthy of a re-read is hard to find. And yet, all us book lovers have them. It's kind of like hooking up with your ex-boyfriend (the one you're still on great terms with) even though in the back of your mind you know you have coffee scheduled with that cute guy you met at the bookstore last week.
10 When your book purchasing exceeds your reading speed. Giphy Again, let me refer you back to list item number one. I don't know about other readers, but if I continue to acquire books at my current rate, I will never be able to read all the books I own. Not even if I live forever (speaking of which, I wonder how Jesse Tuck's TBR pile is looking these days...).
11 Factoring in magazines, newspapers, blogs, and all other non-book reading material. Giphy Seriously, just kill me now. And don't even get me started on where audiobooks fit into all of this.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans for the future of Farnborough are up for debate one last time before the borough council seeks to make its new guidelines official.
Residents have a final chance to comment on Rushmoor Borough Council's latest draft of the Rushmoor Local Plan, which sets out how Aldershot, Farnborough and North Camp might be developed up to 2032.
The council is holding a public consultation exercise, which began on Friday last week and will finish on Friday July 21.
The plan says that Farnborough town centre currently has a ‘reasonable' range of shops and a ‘good selection' of food stores. However, the proportion of restaurants and cafés is ‘significantly' below the national average while fast-food outlets, takeaways, banks and other financial services are ‘significantly' above.
The plan's priorities for the town centre are to ‘develop a more attractive retail core' by reducing the number of vacant units in Kingsmead, attracting more family restaurants and cafés and expanding the evening and leisure economy.
'Enhanced green space'
It seeks to improve accessibility by providing better connections between the town centre and the railway station, edge-of-town stores, Farnborough Business Park and nearby residential areas.
The plan identifies Farnborough Civic Quarter (between the town centre and the council offices) as having a ‘significant opportunity for development that integrates with the town centre'.
It proposes an ‘enhanced central green space' and improved community facilities for this area, as well as ‘active ground floor uses' and the development of around 700 homes including affordable housing with improved pedestrian and cycle links. It also envisages ‘focal gateway buildings' on Sulzers and Pinehurst roundabouts.
The plan for North Camp is to promote development that ‘enhances the vitality and viability of the centre by preserving its local and specialist retail functions and vibrant evening economy'.
Development proposals in North Camp should demonstrate that they improve accessibility, particularly by improving links for cyclists and pedestrians, the plan states.
The plan also supports the development of offices outside the town centre, describing Farnborough as part of ‘science and technology corridor' which is an ‘economic asset of national importance'.
'Sound basis'
Among the other topics covered by the plan are housing needs, employment sites, open spaces, military and aviation heritage and future operations at Farnborough Airport. At the end of the consultation, the council will compile all the comments received and send them to the Planning Inspectorate along with the draft plan.
Anyone objecting to the plan will be invited to appear before a planning inspector at a public hearing, which is likely to take place early in 2018.
If the inspector finds that the Rushmoor Local Plan is legally compliant, the council can adopt the plan and use it to guide development and regeneration in the area and to help make decisions on planning applications.
Councillor Martin Tennant, RBC's cabinet member for service delivery, said: “The local plan is the blueprint for development in Rush-moor up to 2032. I believe this final draft version provides a sound basis for future development.”
To see the draft plan, go to www.rushmoor.gov.uk/newlocalplan. Hard copies are available at RBC's offices in Farnborough and at Aldershot and Farnborough libraries.
Comments can be emailed to plan@rushmoor.gov.uk or by letter to the planning policy and conservation team at the council offices.
The candidate filing deadline in the race to replace former Assemblyman Jimmy Gomez in the 51st Assembly District was Thursday.
Gomez vacated the seat last month after being elected to Congress to replace Xavier Becerra, who became California's attorney general.
We took a look at RhinoShield's new cases and love them, and now we're teaming up with Rhinoshield to give one lucky winner an iPhone X and RhinoShield protection set, and 10 additional winners free cases! Keep reading for more info about the cases, a special discount, and to get entered into the giveaway!
The RhinoShield SolidSuit is a stellar case for your iPhone X. It's a slim protective case that gives you maximum protection as well as a touch of class with a premium finish. It comes in 10 different types of finishes / colors and each finish is chosen carefully for the highest quality. 8 out of the 10 finishes / colors have been listed on the website (Classic Black / White / Gray, Carbon Fiber, Leather, Black Oak, Dark Walnut, Light Walnut) and there will be at least 2 more coming up - Microfiber and Brushed Steel.
Unlike the first version, RhinoShield has added a bit of modularity to the reinvented SolidSuit Case — it's now compatible with their add-on lenses and the buttons are removable, giving you the choice to swap button colors for a personalized look. And it's made of their latest ShockSpread™ material which provides over 11 feet of impact protection while being thin and lightweight. Pretty cool! And for a limited time, iMore readers can use the code iMore to save 20% on RhinoShield cases!
Enter to win an iPhone X!
THE PRIZE: One iMore reader will receive an iPhone X with full RhinoShield protection set (3 x RhinoShield SolidSuit Cases of your choice + Impact Protection Screen Protector) and 10 runners-up will receive a RhinoShield case of their choice (or $30 gift card if case is not available for the winner's phone).
THE GIVEAWAY: Use the widget at the bottom of this page. There are multiple ways to enter, each with varying point values. Complete all of the tasks for maximum entries and your best shot at winning! Keep in mind that all winning entries are verified and if the task was not completed or cannot be verified, a new winner will be chosen. Phone service is not included with the prize and we make no guarantees that the phone will work with your service provider, so be sure to check that before you enter. International winners will be responsible for any customs fees incurred during shipping.
The giveaway is open through June 12, 2018, and the winner will be announced right here shortly after the closing date. Good luck!
Win an iPhone X with full RhinoShield protection set from iMore!
By entering you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Grand Rapids, MI (June 13, 2017) – Focused on strategically growing and expanding its presence in the grocery channel, Boxed Water appoints Joe Jankowski as National Account Executive Grocery Mass. In this role, Joe will lead all sales efforts with large grocery chains nationwide.
“Boxed Water is experiencing momentum within the grocery channel, so we know consumers are looking for us there,” said Daryn Kuipers, CEO of Boxed Water. “We have done well in on-the-go purchases in convenience and retail store fronts. The next natural evolution is expanding our footprint in grocery. Joe has tremendous experience which is critical in moving this part of our business forward.”
In his new role as National Account Executive, Joe will lead the Grocery, Mass and Club channels. Joe will tap into over twenty-two years of CPG experience in sales, operations and management for large brands positioned at grocery, as well as over fifteen years managing beverage brands. Prior to joining Boxed Water, Joe was in sales leadership with a focus on national accounts and distributors at Sunny Delight Beverages Co. Joe not only managed channel strategy but was instrumental in the business development with many key entities such as Kroger, Safeway – Albertsons, Walmart, Southeastern Grocers and Ahold Delhaize.
Prior to Sunny Delight, Joe worked for Pepsi as a general manager managing both field operations and sales functions.
“I am very excited to join a company on the forefront of beverage innovation,” said Joe Jankowski, National Account Executive Grocery Mass for Boxed Water. “Our focus on the planet and sustainability are resonating with consumers who put a lot of thought into what they purchase.”
About Boxed Water
Boxed Water is better. Better for the planet. Better for us all. Boxed Water was founded in the belief that sustainability matters with the purpose of changing the way packaged water is shipped, sold and enjoyed. Boxed Water provides people with a better option for purchasing packaged water by producing pure water in recyclable cartons made using paper from well-managed forests. Boxed Water is a proud member of 1% for the Planet and partner of the National Forest Foundation (NFF). The simple act of choosing Boxed Water is a statement that sustainability matters. Boxed Water is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan with filling locations in Michigan and Utah. www.boxedwaterisbetter.com #ReTree
Chinese Women Face Rampant Gender Discrimination From Employers, Report Says
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Schiefelbein/AP Mark Schiefelbein/AP
China's employers engage in blatant gender discrimination, often advertising jobs for "men only," while others hire women with physical attributes aimed at appealing to their male coworkers, according to a new study published this week by Human Rights Watch.
An analysis by HRW of more than 36,000 job postings over the past five years in China found rampant gender discrimination in employment in both the state and private sectors.
"Four decades of rapid economic growth in China have created unprecedented economic opportunities for women, but gender discrimination in employment remains widespread," the report, titled "Only Men Need Apply: Gender Discrimination in Job Advertisements in China," says.
Human Rights Watch YouTube
In 2018 civil service job postings, 19 percent specified "men only," "men preferred" or "suitable for men," while only a single listing was found specifying a preference for a woman.
"These job ads reflect traditional and deeply discriminatory views: that women are less physically, intellectually, and psychologically capable than men; that women are their families' primary sources of child care and thus unable to be fully committed to their jobs or will eventually leave full-time paid employment to have a family; and that accommodating maternity leave is unacceptably inconvenient or costly for the company or agency," the report says.
In one online job recruitment video for male technicians posted by Alibaba, China's largest internet company, the narrator says chosen candidates will work with a staff of beautiful women.
The narrator promises there are "goddesses" working at Alibaba who are "smart and competent at work and charming and alluring in life."
"They are independent but not proud, sensitive but not melodramatic. They want to be your coworkers. Do you want to be theirs?" the narrator says.
That is followed by shots of female employees of the company saying how much they love to work with tech guys. "The most important thing is that he treats me well and that he's handsome" a young, female Alibaba employee manages to explain while pole dancing.
Alibaba's recruitment social media site also posted a series of photos of several female employees, describing them as "late night benefits" of working for the company.
Other Chinese technology companies, such as Tencent and Baidu have also put out recruiting ads touting their female employees.
"I mean, as a woman, of course, I felt quite disgusted," says Maya Wang, Human Rights Watch's China senior researcher for Asia says.
"I think it tells you that the problem is fairly common and widespread and quite accepted as a practice that they didn't even think twice or didn't think it would create any pushback or uproar," she says.
Last year, Tencent apologized for footage of an annual company outing showing female staff kneeling, appearing to use their mouths to open water bottles tucked between the legs of their male coworkers.
Tencent and Baidu have both apologized in the wake of this latest report, and Alibaba defended itself, saying that nearly half its employees are women and that women occupy a third of its management positions.
However, Wang says until China's government starts cracking down on gender discrimination – something she says it does not do – this type of discrimination will continue.
According to the reports, "Some women in recent years have brought successful court challenges to gender discrimination in job ads, but the compensation the companies were ordered to pay was low: in three separate court cases, the victims were each awarded 2,000 yuan (US$300). For many firms, such modest fines are unlikely to serve as a deterrent."
New Delhi: In yet another sign of humanity, Sushma Swaraj has assured of granting visa to a Pakistani woman, suffering from cancer for her treatment in India.
Faiza Tanveer, Pakistani national is suffering from cancer. Faiza requested Sushma Swaraj to grant her medical visa, saying India should provide her assistance to celebrate its 70th Independence Day.
In Twitter, Faiza posted,”Ma'am you are mother for me. Please grant me visa as India is about to celebrate its 70th Independence Day. Please help me thankyou.”
Swaraj, informing about her medical visa tweeted in response, “Thanks for your greetings on India's Independence day. We are giving you the visa for your treatment in India.”
Faiza Tanveer is suffering from Ameloblastoma, basically an oral tumour which is aggressive in nature.
One of our readers, Laurie Sidoni, has started her own website, A Classicist Writes, covering a mix of topics that looks propitious:
…on myriad themes, including – but, not limited to – ancient Rome to cats (especially THEO!) to “The Walking Dead” to Amsterdam too atheism to hockey to “Everybody Loves Raymond” to “Les Mis” and almost ALWAYS quotes Emerson!
So have a look at her site. And I'd be remiss if I didn't direct you to her most recent post, “. . . on cats what ain't cats“, which shows something I've long recognized: medieval artists simply couldn't paint cats accurately. Laurie shows lots of grotesque attempts to depict felids (giving her funny responses), and I'll show but two:
One thing I noticed in Laurie's collection is that the malformed cats, like the two above, often have humanlike faces. Did these artists even look at cats, or did they just slap a human face on a catlike shape? Who knows? Perhaps readers have their own theories that are theirs.
But when Laurie sent me the first such picture, it reminded me of this completely screwed-up attempt by a Spanish woman “artist” to restore a damaged fresco, resulting in what the New York Times called “probably the worst art restoration project of all time.”
“Let's look at the $1,000 clue just for the fun of it,” host Alex Trebek joked during the category.
Comments
0
When a feature film adaptation of Ready Player One was in the works, author Ernest Cline was candid about his doubts the movie would ever happen. Not only can development be a fickle beast, but the book is so packed with IP from various rights holders that including just a fraction of the references from the book would cost a boatload. As it turns out, Warner Bros. landed possibly the only director who could both navigate the various licensing issues and cut great deals: Steven Spielberg.
While the film takes place in the future and revolves around the virtual reality world of the OASIS, it's packed to the gills with references to books, movies, video games, cartoons, and more from various decades—but mostly the 80s. A new trailer arrived over the weekend that revealed even more Easter Eggs in the film, including a character from the fairly new video game Overwatch, King Kong, and more than one Street Fighter character.
Here's what we spotted—and click on any image for high-resolution.
Officials debate new parking garage at Clam Pass in Naples
A plan to ease parking problems at a popular Southwest Florida beach is stirring up controversy.
Right now, the lot has over 170 parking spots, but the county says that's not enough. They want to build a three-story parking garage to make sure beach-goers always have a spot, but some people say that would mess with the natural beauty of the place.
Russ Masterson rides his bicycle through the half-empty parking lot at Clam Pass, hoping officials don't pave it and put in a parking garage.
“They just expanded this one. They never filled it except maybe three or four days all year long and now they're going to put in 300 more places?” Masterson said.
The county says that every year, over 150,000 people visit. Right now, only 171 parking spots exist. Officials say the garage could add 300 more.
Some people think it would make parking a lot easier, but others disagree.
“I wouldn't be very happy about it. It takes away from it I think. So many more people will be here, it will be crowded and I just wouldn't like it,” said Naples resident Kevin Gerber.
Officials say the multi-million dollar project would look similar to the parking garage for Vanderbilt Beach.
Residents to the area like Masterson say it's a waste of taxpayer money.
“The point is they're spending millions of dollars to build something they don't need. There's no need for it,” Masterson added.
Commissioners delayed the vote on this project until April. It could cost up to $10 million.
Reporter: Kelsey Kushner
Writer: Erica Brown
Has Parramatta's food scene been given the fine-dining boost it deserves? Kate Symons gives Alex&Co. a taste. The school discos of my childhood provided chaotic delight: a scout hall full of ra-ra skirts shaking to the tune of Agadoo while budget lighting and smoke machines worked overtime. I loved those smoke machines. While girlfriends were dipping a toe into the labyrinthine world of flirting, I'd be busting a move towards the wandering fog.
I was reminded of my smoke machine predilection recently when Alex&Co. dished up the adult version. When my entrée – young kingfish tartare, sea grapes, watercress, tomato granita and green olive – arrived, it was closely followed by a chef armed with tomato consommé and liquid nitrogen. As he prepared the granita tableside, a familiar mist swirled around us. Gimmicks aren't often my bag, but this one impressed. And I really wanted to be impressed. Parramatta has long been touted as Sydney's next ‘it' postcode, but the evolution has been slow. Alex&Co. is the precinct's new high-end offering and the ambitious project shapes up as a missing piece of the cultural puzzle. The $2.5 million venue has cast a wide net, trading as a cafe, bar and restaurant. The vast space – it seats 350 – stretches across 600 square metres underneath the new Meriton Altitude towers: cocktail bar at one end, restaurant at the other.
Executive chef Kyle Quy (Nola Smokehouse) has peppered his modern Australian menu with international elements; a nod to the restaurant's multicultural home. This is most obvious with the ‘Parra spice', a signature mix including sumac, cumin and turmeric.
2 Dallas police officers wounded in shooting outside store
Two Dallas police officers were critically wounded in a shooting Tuesday outside a home improvement store, authorities said.
Police Chief U. Renee Hall said a store loss-prevention officer also was shot in the incident about 4:15 p.m. outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.
In a tweet about the shooting Tuesday evening, the Dallas Police Department said the officers were critically wounded. During a news conference Tuesday night at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, Hall declined to give an update on their conditions, citing consideration for the privacy of the officers' families.
“We're asking you to continue praying for our officers,” Hall said.
The two police officers went to the store to assist an off-duty police officer with taking a man into custody and then the shooting happened.
A 29-year-old man is being sought as a person of interest. Hall said the man left the scene in a white pickup truck.
“I continue to be upset at the lack of respect of our police in this city and in our country,” said Mayor Mike Rawlings, who also attended the hospital news conference.
In 2006, four Dallas police officers and a transit officer were shot dead by a sniper in an ambush that came toward the end of a peaceful protest over the police killings of black men that had occurred in other cities.
Author: Associated Press
Justin Turner tied a team postseason record with five RBIs and Yasiel Puig had two hits, including a triple, and two RBIs as the Dodgers won Game 1 of the best-of-five series.
Game 2 is Saturday at 6 p.m. PT at Dodger Stadium. Robbie Ray will be on the mound for Arizona and Rich Hill for the Dodgers.
Firearm officers working in the capital will be given head-mounted cameras to boost transparency, more than three years after the plans were first mooted.
The Metropolitan Police said officers working for armed response units will have the devices attached to baseball caps and ballistic helmets.
Cameras have already been given to 17,500 officers in the country's largest police force, with the latest tranche seeing 1,000 members of Firearms Command getting the devices.
The plans were first suggested by previous Met commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe in 2014 in the wake of the death of 29-year-old Mark Duggan.
Sir Bernard said giving firearms officers cameras would result in speedier justice for victims and help the force "be more accountable" in the wake of the death which sparked riots in 2011.
Commander Matt Twist, in charge of the Firearms Command, said: "Officers who carry an overt firearm as part of their role very much welcome the use of Body Worn Video.
"It provides a documented and accurate account of the threats officers face and the split second decisions they make.
"The cameras also offer greater transparency for those in front of the camera as well as those behind it."
Only those officers who carry a firearm overtly will be given a camera, while other units including Mounted Branch, Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection and Specialist Crime Units to be given the devices by October.
London mayor Sadiq Khan said the technology "will make a real difference to those carrying firearms"
He said: "As we complete the London-wide rollout, the cameras will also provide our officers with confidence in the transparency of their actions, as they continue their great work on the front line fighting crime and keeping our city safe."
Media center app Plex is venturing into podcasting: Plex added podcasts to its mobile, Roku and web apps Wednesday, allowing users to subscribe to their favorite podcasts and listen to them across multiple devices. With the addition of podcasts, Plex also revamped its mobile apps to make it easier to consume content from a number of different sources.
Plex's new podcast feature comes with a catalog of some of the most popular podcasts, allowing users to subscribe to their favorites. The app keeps track of any podcast listening, making it possible to start a podcast on your phone on the go, and then continue it at the right spot on your Roku at home.
Users can also subscribe to new podcasts by adding a show's feed address if it isn't part of Plex's catalog yet. The app suggests related podcasts, and offers some podcast-specific functionality known from other podcast apps, including the ability to change the playback speed. Podcasts on Plex are available at no charge to all users, regardless of whether the pay for the company's Plex pass premium subscription or not.
CREDIT: Plex / Screenshot: Janko Roettgers / Variety
Plex podcasts on the web.
Related NPR, This American Life, WBEZ and WNYC Buy Podcasting App Pocket Casts Plex Is Bringing Its VR App to the Gear VR
However, podcasts on Plex are clearly a work in progress: Downloads of podcast aren't supported yet, but are supposed to be added in the coming weeks, complete with controls over how many episodes of a show to keep. Casting podcasts to a Chromecast-compatible speaker also isn't available at launch, but will be coming soon.
The addition of podcasts comes as Plex is looking to widen its appeal by adding new content sources. Plex added DVR functionality for broadcast TV content in late 2016, and incorporated news reports from a variety of publishers last year.
The addition of news and podcasts has the potential to change how consumers use Plex: The app had long been focused on playing personal media collections stored on a single server, be it a PC running Plex's software or a device like Nvidia's Shield game console. This server-centric model doesn't work as well once you add content from multiple sources.
That's why on Wednesday, Plex also rolled out a refresh of its mobile apps, which now allow consumers to customize their Plex home page with content from multiple sources. This makes it possible to for example prioritize music on mobile, or easily access movies and TV shows from multiple servers. Similar customization options will come to the Plex web version and Plex's TV apps soon, a spokesperson said this week.
× Expand Southern Illinois University Edwardsville's Susanne James, associate professor and graduate program director in the School of Education, Health and Human Behavior's Department of Teaching and Learning, was presented the national Teaching with Technology Award on Sept. 29 at the Focus on Teaching and Technology Conference in St. Louis.
The award recognizes her use of technology and pedagogy in innovative and effective ways to actively engage students in the classroom and through online courses. James' major focus on integrating technology into her classes is virtual simulation.
“I am honored to be recognized for my efforts to integrate technology to deepen my students' learning and increase their opportunities for experiential learning,” James said. “Virtual simulations are a well-established feature of training programs in a wide range of professional fields, including aviation, medicine, military and law enforcement, but new to the field of education.”
“Through SIUE's Virtual Practice Lab, our teacher candidates are able to practice their knowledge of content and teaching in a non-threatening virtual classroom,” she added.
According to Susan Breck, chair of the Department of Teaching and Learning, James is not only an exceptional educator and champion for the use of virtual teaching simulations, she is a strong “technology mentor” for her colleagues.
“By introducing virtual simulations to the department, Dr. James has led the way for us to become one of the innovators in using this technology to help teacher candidates hone their skills in a safe, no-fault environment,” Breck said. “She has shown herself not only to be an excellent teacher, but a leader in teaching excellence. Along with serving as a ‘technology mentor' for our faculty, she has provided our newest faculty with the opportunity to research, present, and publish with her on this innovative teaching strategy.”
During the conference, James and SIUE assistant professor Barbara Martin did a presentation on using virtual simulation and cloud platforms to facilitate collaboration between elementary education and special education teacher candidates.
SIUE was a gold sponsor of the regional conference in St. Louis, a commitment James appreciates as it provides an important professional learning experience for faculty.
“This conference increases my understanding of the emerging trends in technology applications in higher education,” James said. “I appreciate the professional development opportunity and am thankful to SIUE Information Technology Services and my colleagues for supporting my efforts to infuse the latest technologies into my classes.”
For more information on SIUE's Virtual Practice Lab, visit siue.edu/virtual-practice-lab.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
The most and least expensive homes sold in North Lincolnshire in August have been revealed.
According to data from the Land Registry, the most expensive property sold in our area during the month was a detached house on Wold Road in Barrow-Upon-Humber, which went for £450,000 on August 4.
The least expensive was a semi-detached house on Southfield Road in Scunthorpe, which sold for £57,000 on August 25.
Here is a list of the five most and least expensive homes sold in North Lincolnshire during the month.
Most expensive:
(Image: Google Maps)
Nokomis, Wold Road, Barrow-Upon-Humber, which is a detached house, sold for £450,000 on August 4
86 Kingsway, Scunthorpe, which is a detached house, sold for £349,950 on August 1
Old Stables, Jeffrey Lane, Belton, which is a detached house, sold for £295,000 on August 4
24 Traffords Way, Hibaldstow, which is a detached house, sold for £275,000 on August 8
Rosedale, 35 Main Street, Bonby, which is a detached house, sold for £275,000 on August 7
Least expensive:
(Image: Google Maps)
26 Southfield Road, Scunthorpe, which is a semi-detached house, sold for £57,000 on August 25
10 Laceby Road, Scunthorpe, which is a semi-detached house, sold for £60,000 on August 11 (This sale may have been a buy-to-let, a transfer to a company, or a repossession)
35 Station Road, Keadby, which is a terrace house, sold for £61,500 on August 15 (This sale may have been a buy-to-let, a transfer to a company, or a repossession)
3 New Row, Ulceby, which is a terrace house, sold for £62,500 on August 10
9 Ormsby Road, Scunthorpe, which is a terrace house, sold for £62,500 on August 4
According to the Land Registry, 30,423 residential sales have been registered across England and Wales from August 2017. There were 663 £1 million-plus sales, including 115 at £2 million-plus.
The most expensive residential sale in August was of a flat in the Knightsbridge area of London for £18,250,000. The cheapest residential sale in August 2017 was of a terraced property in Cannock Chase, Staffordshire, for £5,300.
The Land Registry lists the price paid for every property bought at market value. The data also includes sales under a power of sale/repossessions, buy-to-lets (where they can be identified by a mortgage) and transfers to non-private individuals.
It may take several weeks for sales to be registered after completion so some sales from later in the month may not be listed yet.
The BC Prosecution Service (BCPS) will appeal a B.C. Supreme Court decision to stay first-degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder charges against gangster Jamie Bacon in connection with the Surrey Six murders, which happened in 2007.
Earlier this month, the BCPS announced that charges against Bacon in connection with the deaths of six people in Surrey's Balmoral Tower were stayed, but the reasons for the decision were sealed.
Bacon had been charged with conspiracy to murder Corey Lal, who was one of the six killed in the Surrey incident.
WATCH: From Dec. 1 — Jamie Bacon shocker
The BCPS reviewed the decision and is taking the case to the Court of Appeal based on numerous grounds:
The service believes the B.C. Supreme Court ruling contained errors of law
The service believes that, had the errors not been made, then the ruling would not have come down the way it did
The service believes an appeal would serve the public interest
The BCPS will ask that the stay on the charges be lifted and that a new trial happen.
The service warned that filings connected to the appeal are likely to be sealed, given what happened with the Supreme Court decision.
READ MORE: Charges stayed against gangster Jamie Bacon in connection with ‘Surrey Six' homicides
In deciding to stay the proceedings involving Bacon, Madam Justice K.M. Ker of the B.C. Supreme Court said the gangster's case involved a “number of pre-trial applications involving complex legal and factual issues.”
Bacon's counsel had, for example, “come into possession of privileged information that they cannot use in his defence which impacts upon Mr. Bacon's fair trial rights.”
“In part, this arose from the manner in which the police handled aspects of privileged and confidential information,” Ker wrote in her ruling.
B.C. Attorney General David Eby later expressed “tremendous disappointment” at Ker's decision, and said the BCPS would review the matter and “identify possible avenues of appeal.”
In this Feb. 21, 2018 photo, Venezuelans cross the International Simon Bolivar bridge into the Colombia. As Venezuela's economic crisis worsens, rising numbers are fleeing in a burgeoning refugee crisis that could soon match the flight of Syrians from the war-torn Middle East. Fernando Vergara AP
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Hideki Matsuyama withdrew from the Waste Management Phoenix Open before his second-round tee time Friday because of a left wrist injury, ending his bid to match Arnold Palmer's record of three straight victories in the event.
Matsuyama opened with a 2-under 69 on Thursday at TPC Scottsdale. The 25-year-old Japanese star has five PGA Tour victories, also winning the World Golf Championships' HSBC Champions and Bridgestone Invitational last year. He tied for 12th last week at Torrey Pines in San Diego.
Matsuyama won the past two years on the fourth hole of playoffs, beating Rickie Fowler in 2016 and Webb Simpson in 2017. Palmer won the Phoenix Open three times in a row from 1961 to 1963.
Chiradzulu, October 5, 2017: A 14 year girl (name withheld) from Mkhwayo in Ndanga Village in the area of Traditional Authority (TA) Kadewere in Chiradzulu who died mid this year is alleged to have risen from the dead.
According close relatives and community members, the girl died on May 5, 2017 and was later buried.
However, on Wednesday October 4, 2017 morning, the girl mysteriously resurfaced at her village and went to her house where she found her grandmother and told her that she wanted to see her mother and sister because where she was staying she was facing problems.
The grandmother referred her to Chiradzulu District Hospital where her mother was with her sister who was admitted.
Commenting on the matter, an eye witness Gradson Phiri said the girl's mother was surprised to see her when she saw her daughter.
He said the girl is looking fine and is able to communicate with her mother and relations who went to see her.
Councillor Franco Kaliya of Thumbwe Ward, where the mystery has happened, confirmed to have received the news but did not comment much saying he was occupied with other duties.
Efforts to speak to Thumbwe Police Officers where the girl was taken before being taken to the hospital proved futile as their phones were out of reach.
Chiradzulu Police Station Officers confirmed knowing about the case but did not comment much and kept pushing the matter from one office to another.
The girl is currently being kept at Chiradzulu District Hospital where reporters were denied access to speak to the mother and the girl saying that they should wait for the District Health Officer (DHO) who was attending a meeting outside the district.
Chiradzulu District Hospital Public Relations Officer, Owen Chataika said he was not aware of the matter and asked the reporters to feed him with the information gathered on the ground adding that this is a mystery case hence difficult to comment on.
This is not the first time that the country has experienced such a case with most people associating this with witchcraft.
Dev site has moved
The dev site has been moved to New URL
If you have this bookmarked you should bookmark the new URL. You can do this by clicking the button.
Bookmark new dev
The family of Ruma Amar is fondly remembering her as a hard-working, loving person after she was one of two people fatally shot outside of a Toronto bowling alley late Saturday.
“She was a beautiful soul – always helping everyone,” Amandeep Luthra, Amar's husband, said on Monday.
“Always caring, always loving, always giving – I never saw her doing anything for her own self.”
READ MORE: Man killed in shooting at Toronto bowling alley ‘targeted,' woman killed was bystander, police say
Luthra, Amar and her younger sister, Reema Amar, had just gone to Ikea to do some shopping when they decided to go out for dinner Saturday evening.
They arrived at PlayTime Bowl and Entertainment, near Dufferin Street and Lawrence Avenue West, at around 9:30 p.m. The three were playing arcade games for about half an hour when they decided they wanted to get dinner before coming back to bowl.
“'Let's just eat and then we can come back because the bowling alley they are open until two, so we can eat and come back,'” Luthra said as he recalled their discussion that night.
“And we decided, let's just leave, the moment we stepped out and… and this happened.”
WATCH: Husband of Ruma Amar says she ‘was fighting until the end'
Amar was shot in the back of the head as police allege two armed suspects fired multiple shots in front of the bowling alley.
In an update on Sunday, police said the suspects were pursuing Thanh Tien Ngo, a 32-year-old man who was also shot and died at the scene.
“With what we have learned thus far, we have every reason to believe Mr. Ngo was targeted,” Det. Robert Choe said.
“We are also confident in saying that there is no relationship between Mr. Ngo and Mrs. Amar, and that Mr. Ngo was the intended target when Mrs. Amar was shot.”
WATCH: Patrons of bowling alley where double homicide occurred recall the mass panic to get out
The two armed suspects left the scene with a third person in a dark-coloured vehicle.
Inside his father-in-law's home, Luthra described his final moments with Ruma.
“She had a small tattoo [on her wrist] that says, ‘Strong.' I asked why here why do you have that tattoo? She's like, ‘you'll know one day,” he said, while pointing at his wrist.
“All I could think of is, yeah, she was fighting. She was fighting until the end because when I was holding her like this she was all drenched in blood, but I was like, ‘Just breathe. Just breathe. Just breathe hard.”
Reema said the family was hopeful Ruma would survive because she said they were told she was breathing after the shooting and Luthra commended emergency crews for trying “their level best” to save her.
“So when we got to the hospital, they just kind of told her that they were losing her. Those were her last breaths that she was taking,” she said.
29-year-old Ruma Amar had just celebrated her first wedding anniversary this month. Her husband Amandeep Luthra is pictured here with her. This photo, from their engagement. Amar's mother tragically died of cancer 8 months ago. @globalnewsto pic.twitter.com/ZOitFAcrxM — Shallima Maharaj (@ShallimaMaharaj) March 19, 2018
Sunil Amar, Ruma's father, said on Monday his wife died not too long ago and the loss has been especially difficult.
“Eight months back from this day – eight months – and now I have to do for my daughter, come on… come on,” he said.
“I'm totally heartbroken. I'm totally shattered inside, but still I have to be strong for them – I have to be.”
.@TorontoPolice area field command truck still outside 33 Samor Rd. Tape still up on either side of bowling alley. Both victims were shot outside. Police say it appears Ngo was being pursued. Amar was an innocent bystander, out with her husband + younger sister. @globalnewsto pic.twitter.com/jqClfYbr7c — Shallima Maharaj (@ShallimaMaharaj) March 19, 2018
Meanwhile, both Luthra and Reema described Ruma as someone who was passionate about her career and always calling to check on their well-being.
“She was like my second mom. She looked after me all the time after my mom passed away from cancer last year and this was just unbelievable,” Reema said.
“She was like my strength. Just losing her is like… I never imagined something like this would happen and just seeing her go like this, it's very heartbreaking.”
WATCH: Police searching for 3 suspects in ‘targeted' bowling alley shooting
Ruma worked at CIBC along with her husband. He said she was recently working on a securities course and got a promotion just days ago.
“She's like, ‘OK, wow, everything is going smoothly,'” Luthra said.
During their interview, Reema and Luthra both called for an end to violence.
“Whoever did that, I would just tell them to just think before you do something … because you don't know the consequences,” Reema said.
A portion of a statement from Howard Orfus, Owner, Playtime Bowl & Entertainment re: Saturday shooting that claimed two young lives. @globalnewsto (1/2) pic.twitter.com/p690FRNJgh — Shallima Maharaj (@ShallimaMaharaj) March 19, 2018
The owner of PlayTime Bowl and Entertainment expressed his sympathies to Ruma's family in a written statement to Global News.
“On behalf of myself and all of our employees I would like to express our deepest condolences to the family and friends of Ruma Amar,” Howard Orfus wrote.
“We are heartbroken at the senseless tragedy that took her life. Our thoughts and prayers are with her loved ones at this difficult time.
Meanwhile, Toronto police encouraged anyone who may have witnessed the shooting or with information about on why Ngo might have been targeted to contact the Toronto police homicide squad at 416-808-7400, 32 Division at 416-808-3200, or Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-8477.
Midland High JV tennis results
(at Midland High)
Midland 11, Bay City Central 4
(all winners listed are from MHS)
Singles: No. 1 -- Julia Faught 6-1; No. 2 -- Hailee Swantek 6-0; No. 3 -- Jordyn Dawson 6-4; No. 4 Hannah Pennington 6-2
Doubles: No. 1 -- Lina Voutlainen/Breanna Chritz 8-5; No. 2 -- Marina Budinsky/Evynn Rhodes 8-4; No. 4 -- Danielle Draves/Amanda Woodard 8-5; No. 5 -- Abby Chapman/Carlie Servinski 8-5; No. 6 -- Sam Desjardins/Jade Eurton 6-2; No. 9 -- Hannah Woehrle/Adrienne Gray 6-1; No. 10 -- Olivia Freldinger/Maya Paytas 6-1; No. 11 -- Evynn Rhodes/Jess Herron 6-0
News Feature
by Rich Hewitt
Selectmen focused on two pending projects during their Monday night meeting.
They named the contractors for the first phases of the expansion of the transfer station. The contract for the excavation/earthworks portion of the project goes to Skip Eaton. Eaton was the next-to-the-lowest bidder, but since his bid was just $300 higher than the low bidder, the selectmen opted to go with the local contractor.
“He's done a lot of good work for us over the years,” said Selectman Chris Billings.
The other selectmen agreed. Eaton's bid was $40,453.
They also awarded the contract for the concrete work to B.K. Burgess, who was the only bidder for that portion of the project. His total bid was $39,885.
Approval of those contracts was contingent upon a review of their bids by engineer Andrew McCullough who designed the project.
The concrete work and excavation are just the first part of the project which also will include construction of a building to house a new trash compactor. Town Manager Kathleen Billings said the total cost of the project will be between $135,000 and $140,000. There is no set date for the start of construction and a lot will depend on the schedules of the two contractors, Billings said; however, the work will begin this summer.
Meanwhile, the town is gearing up for the start of the Main Street water line project, which starts after Labor Day. Crews are already in town conducting a pre-blast survey and meeting with property owners along Main Street, according to Billings. Town officials are pressuring the contractor to finalize the traffic plan for the project, since it will affect motor and pedestrian access to the downtown area.
“They've been slow in coming up with it,” Billings said Monday. “We've pressured them on this because the DOT needs to approve it.”
She said she wants to make sure everything is in place so the actual construction can begin right after Labor Day.
In a meeting with the contractors on Friday, Billing said, they went over the need to keep Main Street open to traffic as much as possible. She said she stressed that Main Street businesses will need to have deliveries made during construction. Business owners are being asked to contact the town and the contractors about the types and times of their deliveries.
Betts suggested that the contractor might consider doing some work at night to avoid the delivery traffic.
“There are fewer deliveries,” he said, “but the neighbors might not be happy about it.
The project involves the replacement of the entire water line along Main Street from Robbins Avenue to North Main Street. Although the main portion of the tourist season will be winding down, there will still be summer visitors in the area and Billings said it is important that they and local residents know they will be able to get downtown.
“It's going to be complicated, but we'll try to mitigate all the complications as much as we can,” she said. “We want people to know that these businesses are open and that they can get to them. If they're working on the sidewalk, there will be something down so they can get to a business. The town is going to be open for business as usual.”
Have your say
Asda and Lidl have recalled a range of pastry products over fears they may contain glass fragments.
The Food Standards Agency issued a safety notice over the weekend about several baked goods.
They include steak slices, chicken and mushroom slices, minced beef and onion slices, cheese and onion pasties, chicken and bacon slices, chicken tikka slices and sausage and bean slices.
They are all manufactured by Peter's Food Service and sold under the Peter's brand, as well as Lidl's Chef Select and Asda brands .
The Food Standards Agency notice said: “If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them.
"Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.
”No other Peter's Food Service Ltd batches or products are known to be affected."
The full list of affected products:
Asda 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Asda 2 Peppered Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Asda 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 19 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Asda 2 Steak Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Lidl Chef Select 2 Chicken and Mushroom Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Lidl Chef Select 2 Minced Beef and Onion Slices
Pack size: 2 x 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Deli Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Cheese and Onion Pasty
Pack size: 150 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Premier Chicken and Bacon Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Premier Chicken Tikka Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 21 August 2017
Batch code: L6 221
Peter's Premier Sausage and Bean Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Peter's Premier Steak Slice
Pack size: 180 grams
Use-by date: 20 August 2017
Batch code: L6 220
Held to victories in only the doubles matches, the Joel Barlow High boys tennis team was edged 4-3 by Newtown on Monday, April 17.
Newtown took No. 1 singles with Joey Conrad getting forfeit win over Eric Raut. Barlow's Noah Sobel started with a first-set win at second singles but lost 6-4, 1-6, 2-6 to Francesco Pellicin.
It was a similar situation at third singles with Barlow's Alex Klein Wassink losing 7-5, 2-6, 1-6 to Dino Vogiatzo. Newtown's Jackson Dooley defeated Jake Bernard 6-4, 6-3 at fourth singles.
Barlow had the only sweep of the day, coming at first doubles with Adam Ortiz and Matt Lucido defeating Jordan Klein and Grant Larson 6-0, 6-0. Alex Harvey and James Fleming formed the second doubles team that defeated Ben Fetteman and Matt Frazzetta 6-2, 7-6.
At third doubles, James Bebon and Trevor Feltman posted 6-1, 6-3 scores over Nihar Soman and Rohan Mansukhani.
So you've filed your taxes and received your notice of assessment, but now there's another letter from the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) in your mailbox with a request to see more of your paperwork. What do you do?
READ MORE: Here are the Canadians most likely to get a tax audit
Most likely, what you're looking at is an inquiry notice, said David Rotfleisch, owner of Toronto tax law firm Rotfleisch and Samulovitch.
If you've claimed, say, a medical expense deduction and filed your return electronically, the taxman may ask you to produce copies of the receipts that prove that you're actually eligible for the tax break in question.
All you have to do is have your papers in order and respond by deadline, usually 30 days from the date of the letter. The CRA will disallow your tax break if you can't back up your claim and may decide to audit you.
You should keep your tax records for six years, in case you're ever the subject of a review.
READ MORE: Canada's 2018 tax season: 6 things you need to know
An audit is an examination of your books and records to see if you've actually paid all the taxes you owe.
READ MORE: 3 of the tax mistakes you're most likely to make, according to the CRA
The CRA may do a so-called desk audit if it wants to dig deeper into a particular aspect of your return. These examinations are particularly common if you have business income and declared losses or if your return shows real estate transactions, Rotfleisch said.
Then there are field audits, in which the taxman will physically show up at your home or place of work.
Now, let's assume you've received the dreaded notice that you're actually being audited. What do you do?
SIGN UP: Global News has a new Money newsletter
Cooperate and be respectful
The worst thing you can do when the CRA comes calling is pretend you didn't hear.
“You're going to get audited — there's nothing you can do to stop it,” said Dale Barrett, author of Tax Survival for Canadians: Stand up to the CRA and the principal of Barrett Tax Law.
Instead, the best thing you can do is get organized and be cooperative in the process, he added.
WATCH: These are three tax deductions Canadians often forget to claim
Get professional help
Rotfleisch advises getting professional help as soon as you receive your audit letter.
“The sooner you get professional advice, the better case you are preparing from the get-go,” he said.
Still, that doesn't necessarily mean lawyering up. A tax accountant with the proper qualifications, such as someone with the Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation, should be perfectly able to help you through a simple audit where you claimed what you were entitled to and have the paperwork to show it.
READ MORE: Self-employed? Here are 6 steps to get your taxes right
However, if there are gray areas in your case, if you haven't kept your books in order, or if you suspect your accountant messed up, you can turn to a tax lawyer, Rotfleisch added.
You might also want to seek legal help if you have a feeling that things are getting off track.
One such instance may be when the CRA decides to do a net-worth audit.
The agency normally conducts audits by combing through your records and receipts, Barrett said. However, when you can't back up every detail of your tax return and income situation, the agency might resort to a rough calculation of your net worth.
Typically, the CRA will look at a three-year period, Barrett said. They'll look at your assets and liabilities on Jan. 1 of Year One, and then compare that to your financial situation on Dec. 31 of Year Three.
“They'll [also] come to an idea of what your living expenses should have been for those three years,” Barrett said.
If the CRA believes you need $100,000 a year to sustain your lifestyle and finds that you've accumulated $200,000 worth of assets on top of that when you've been declaring an income of $75,000 a year, you're in trouble.
READ MORE: Here's what taxes can do to your savings if you're not careful
The problem is, though, that net-worth audit calculations can be “way off,” Barrett said.
And there's a risk that auditors will use a net-worth audit as a shortcut, instead of painstakingly combing through the available documents, he added.
WATCH: What you need to know for the 2018 tax season
Understand whether you're in it to win – or to settle
At the very beginning of the process, ask your representative what you're chances are, Rotfleisch said. This may sound obvious, but if it's clear that the CRA is right and you are not, the aim should be to simply rip off the band-aid as quickly and painlessly as possible. Respond to the taxman, admit your error, and pay quickly to minimize interest and penalties.
“Beware of an accountant who has made a bad expense claim telling you that the fight has merit so as not to admit a mistake,” Rotfleisch writes on his website, TaxPage.
You can usually get a second opinion about your case from a tax lawyer in a one-hour consultation that will cost you between $200 and $1,000, Rotfleisch said.
READ MORE: 4 important things you probably aren't noticing on your T4 tax slip
Check in with your tax representative
Even if you've hired someone to help you through the audit, you can't wash your hands of it, Rotfleisch said.
Especially in the period between May and June, accountants are often swamped, and it's easy for some things to fall through the cracks, he added. If you aren't receiving regular communication about the process, follow up in order to make sure things are moving along.
Appeal the case if it makes sense and it's worth it
At the end of an audit, the CRA will usually tell you in a letter whether it found any mistakes and you owe more tax. You have 30 days to question those findings. The CRA will then take a second look and get back to you. If you still don't agree with your assessment, you can challenge it in tax court, Barrett said.
Before you go to court, however, make sure that the amount of tax in dispute (plus interest and penalties) is worth your lawyer's fees, Rotfleisch said.
SIGN UP: Global News has a new money newsletter
By Mary Fahnestock-Thomas, Hamilton
I went to a meeting last night with really no idea what it was about but expecting it to be something positive in a time of confusion and negativity.
Turns out Laura Garber, of Homestead Organics, on Skalkaho Road, is running as an Independent against Jason Ellsworth for Montana Senate District 43! Yes, she's done all the things you have to do to run, has paid all the necessary fees, and will be on the ballot in November.
What an opportunity for those of us who are not comfortable with the way two-party politics are working these days!
For starters, she is holding a town-hall-type gathering at the Bedford Building in Hamilton on Saturday, July 14th, starting with a half-hour of getting to know each other at 4:00 pm and giving a presentation at 4:30. And yes, there will be refreshments (she said with a smile).
Join us to see what's up?
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
To the editor: Judging by his efforts to undermine Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's attempt to ease tensions with North Korea, President Trump appears not to understand the consequences of nuclear war. (“Trump undercuts Tillerson with every tweet,” Opinion, Oct. 4)
The facts are clear. We can look at what happened at Chernobyl to understand the perils of nuclear fallout.
The 1986 nuclear power plant meltdown and explosion in Ukraine released 400 times more radioactive fallout than the Hiroshima atomic bomb. Fifty thousand people in a city two miles from the reactor site that provided services and personnel had to be evacuated. The fallout from the explosion spread over Europe, causing widespread contamination to land and livestock.
In 1986, the Soviets hastily built a concrete structure to contain the site's radiation. The “sarcophagus” was projected to last no more than 30 years, and a new “mega-tomb” costing about $2 billion is currently under construction. The area around Chernobyl will not be habitable for up to another 20,000 years.
The U.S. faces the gravest threat to its existence since the Cuban missile crises in 1962. Provoking North Korea leader Kim Jong-un is precisely the wrong approach.
Tom Pincu, Los Angeles
..
To the editor: It now would appear that Trump is, in many ways, the real “Rocket Man” in this scenario. His mercurial, wholly unfettered and untethered tweeting continues to expose his total lack of understanding of the word “diplomacy.”
Michael D. Leventhal, Rancho Mirage
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook
In a portent of what may transpire at the SA Rugby Player of the Year Awards‚ Malcolm Marx on Saturday walked off with top honours at the Lions Rugby Company and Golden Lions Rugby Union 2017 prizegiving.
The hooker bagged four awards‚ the Super Rugby Player of the Year‚ Supporters' Player of the Year‚ Players' Player of the Year and Most valued Player of the Year.
Marx delivered on his rich promise last year delivering stellar performances for the Lions in Super Rugby. His high energy game in which he breaks tackles in attack‚ and stunts attackers in defence were well established traits‚ but it was his ability to exact turnovers at the breakdown that impressed most.
Marx is a leading contender to get the nod as SA Rugby Player of the Year having earned three nominations.
He is also a nominee in the Super Rugby and Young Player of the Year categories.
The Lions named Kwagga Smith as their Currie Cup Player of the Year. Smith was unable to collect his award at Ellis Park as he is on Sevens duty with the Blitzboks in Hamilton.
The full list of prize winners are -
Currie Cup Forward Player of the Year Award: Marvin Orie
Currie Cup Backline Player of the Year: Ashlon Davids
Currie Cup Player of the Year: Kwagga Smith
Super Rugby Forward Player of the Year: Franco Mostert
Super Rugby Backline Player of the Year: Ross Cronje
Super Rugby Player of the Year: Malcolm Marx
Supporters Player of the Year: Malcolm Marx
Players' Player of the Year: Malcolm Marx
Most Valued Player of the Year: Malcolm Marx
Golden Lions Women's Referee of the Year: Ashleigh Murray
Golden Lions Woman's Backline Player of the Year: Kimico Manual
U19 Forward Player of the Year: PJ Botha
U19 Backline Player of the Year: Jack Hart
U19 Player of the Year: Dian Schoonees
U21 Backline Player of the Year: Eddie Fouche
U21 Forward Player of the Year / Player of the Year: Jo-Hanko (Pikkie) de Villiers
A stalwart of the Hamilton Children's Aid Society has passed away.
Dominic Verticchio who worked for the organization for 41 years, including 18 as the executive director, died Tuesday morning.
Verticchio was 67 and had been on medical leave since April.
He leaves behind his wife Sharon and sons Michael and Marc.
READ MORE: Requirement to say Easter Bunny is real violated Edmonton couple's charter rights: Court
In addition to his work with the CAS, he was known for his community involvement through organizations like Big Brothers and Big Sisters.
The funeral will take place Friday at 11 a.m. at Bay Gardens on Rymal Road.
Visitation will be held Thursday from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. and 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.
Public health officials in Eastern Ontario are supporting restrictions on cannabis smoking in multi-residential buildings. The biggest reason is second-hand smoke.
The pot ban would even filter into Smiths Falls where the cannabis industry has helped turn the town's economic fortunes around. Yves Decoste is the tobacco program co-ordinator with the Leeds, Grenville and Lanark District Health Unit.
“Second-hand smoke is second-hand smoke, whether it comes from tobacco, from cannabis, from the use of vapes, we still don't know, there's still no safe level of exposure.”
Not having clear provincial regulations also makes it challenging for health units.
“The big work we've done around tobacco has been going since the '50s,” said Dr. Paula Stewart, the medical officer of health for the Leeds, Grenville and Lanark District Health Unit. “We're hoping to build on that, that people understand that there is, for the second-hand part, a risk and we can build on that.
“It comes down to an individual choice and we hope that people will make wise choices.”
READ MORE: Angela Kokott: Cannabis in marketing grey area as feds move towards legalization
However, those choices are still months if not years away. The Leeds, Grenville and Lanark District Health Unit now joins others in this part of the province including the city of Ottawa in restricting smoking.
Journalists at Turkey's state-run TRT protested Tuesday an attack on their colleagues carried out by the supporters of Republican People's Party (CHP) presidential candidate Muharrem İnce.
The journalists gathered in front of the TRT's General Directorate in Ankara where they demanded an end to attacks on journalists.
CHP supporters in western Turkey's İzmir attacked TRT journalists Sunday after İnce criticized the state broadcaster at an election rally Friday.
During his rally in Afyonkarahisar, İnce said that he will hold a rally in front of the TRT building to "bring it to the line." He claimed that the channel was not broadcasting his rallies.
Speaking on behalf of the TRT journalists, Fatih Adem Gençbay, a representative of the Journalists' Union of Turkey, said that politicians should refrain from making requests to TRT about election meetings. He added that they can accept criticism but target the channel would only give the electorate reasons for provocations.
In reply to İnce's comments, Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdağ earlier said that the CHP candidate is a threat to TRT. He added that the channel gave İnce's rallies and other activities some 4 hours and 42 minutes' worth of coverage.
"Even İnce's threatening remarks on the TRT were broadcast live on the TRT. Since İnce does not have anything to talk about in his rallies, he is trying to manipulate consent by using TRT," Bozdağ shared on his Twitter account, emphasizing that one cannot win an election and become president through threats.
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A leading safety organization says traffic fatalities jumped last year, pushing deaths on U.S. roads to their highest level in nearly a decade.
The National Safety Council says fatalities rose 6 percent in 2016, reaching an estimated 40,200 deaths. The group gets its data from states. The last time there were more than 40,000 fatalities in a single year was in 2007, just before the economy tanked.
The increase came as Americans drove more last year — a 3 percent increase in total miles. The council cited continued lower gasoline prices and an improving economy as key factors.
Deborah Hersman is the council's president. She says Americans have come to accept large numbers of traffic deaths instead of than taking action to prevent them.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Refinery workers stand on the stairs of an oil tank at PDVSA's El Palito refinery in Puerto Cabello, 150 miles (241 km) west of Caracas, September 23, 2009.
SINGAPORE/HOUSTON (Reuters) - Asia would be the biggest beneficiary of any potential sanctions by the United States on Venezuela's oil sector, said traders and analysts, as exports from the South American OPEC member could be redirected to the region, filling a vacuum left by producer supply cuts.
Washington is considering sanctions on Venezuela's oil industry in response to the ruling Socialist Party's crackdown on officials and parties opposed to the government. An embargo against Venezuelan crude could block imports of about 740,000 barrels per day to the U.S.
Asian refiners would welcome the so-called heavy, or higher density, crude since production cuts by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) have mainly curtailed this type of oil. At the same time, the start-up of new refining capacity is boosting demand.
China and India, the two biggest buyers of Venezuelan crude after the United States, have room to increase imports while other north Asian refiners, with equipment sophisticated enough to handle heavy Venezuelan oil, are seeking opportunities to tap this supply, analysts and traders said.
"Whatever oil that the United States doesn't want will find its way into the global market," a trader with a north Asian refiner said, adding that Venezuelan oil could be a good fit for the company's plant.
A trader with another north Asian refiner said he is also looking for opportunities to import Venezuelan crude if the U.S. imposes sanctions. The sources spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to media.
An oil worker walks past a drilling rig at an oil well operated by Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA in Morichal July 28, 2011. Carlos Garcia Rawlins/Files
Venezuela's main creditors China and Russia will have first priority to its oil if sanctions are imposed, the sources and analysts said, and the countries would likely make the surplus cargoes available in the spot market.
In the first quarter of 2017, Venezuela delivered to Chinese companies about 485,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude and oil products to repay loans extended since 2007, according to internal documents from state-run oil company PDVSA reviewed by Reuters.
Russian oil firms Rosneft and Lukoil are also receiving about 250,000 bpd to repay loans, according to the PDVSA reports.
PDVSA has cut sales to U.S. refining unit Citgo Petroleum since May to increase its supply to Rosneft in order to catch up on overdue Russian deliveries.
Rosneft may ship Venezuelan crude to its newly acquired Essar Oil refinery in India, said one trader based in Asia who deals with Venezuelan crude, adding any surplus could be re-sold by Russian companies to other Asian buyers.
"The realignment of trade flows to push Venezuelan crude to Asia...would entail substantial logistical challenges that would on the margin be bullish (for) sour crude markets, but not necessarily sustainably bullish (for) crude prices," RBC Capital analyst Mike Tran wrote in a note last month.
HTC is back at E3 this year for its sophomore turn at the gaming expo, after its first show in 2016 following closely on the heels of the Vive VR headset's consumer launch. I spoke to HTC VP of VR Dan O'Brien at this year's E3, to find out a bit about how the company sees the market, its role therein and the state of VR in general now that it's not the newest kid on the block.
We talked a bit about how important it is to see big games embrace the platform, including Bethesda's Doom and Fallout VR titles (it wasn't yet public that Mario Kart would also be making its way to the Vive via Tokyo arcades, but the same conclusions apply). O'Brien was candid about how despite strong indie support, which HTC continues to prize, big name games coming to VR are sure to help it continue to mature as an industry, and attract new gamers who might've been content to otherwise stay sat on the fence.
The Vive has also evolved from a hardware perspective, and O'Brien pointed out that both the new Deluxe Audio Strap, and Intel's upcoming WiGig wireless adapter kit for Vive are going to be on display and available for testing this year at the show. The Vive Tracker, which brings other objects into the gaming world, is likewise on display with some new game integrations. The headset itself may not have changed since last year, but we've learned a lot about user experience, on both hardware and software fronts.
VR might not yet be a breakaway smash hit, even when it's tied to a console and with a lower barrier to entry than the Vive, as with PS VR. But O'Brien doesn't seem under any illusions about the work that still needs to be done in the space, and as proof he points to recent partnership announcements, including with Google, on different approaches to broadening the appeal of VR in general.
HTC didn't get have anything as grandiose as its own Vive keynote at its second E3, necessarily, but it did see the VR pioneer incorporated in big announcements from Sony, Bethesda and Nintendo – not bad for a relative gaming expo novice.
EAST LANSING, Mich. (WOOD) — Michigan State University police and East Lansing officials are urging vigilance after receiving a threat letter focused on MSU athletic events.
In a statement posted on the city's website, East Lansing officials say the letter made general threats and did not specifically name a sporting event.
Authorities say they're actively investigating where the threat originated from and whether it is genuine.
The announcement comes as MSU's football team prepares to take on the University of Michigan at the Big House Saturday.
Friday, Michigan State University athletic director Mark Hollis released the following statement to our Nexstar sister station, WLNS:
“The safety and well-being of everyone who attends Michigan State athletic events, including fans, student-athletes, coaches and workers, always has been and always will be our first priority. While these threats are general in nature, it's important to be cautious in every situation. “As the police said, we urge everyone to remain aware of their surroundings at all times, and report any suspicious activity to law enforcement immediately. I have great confidence in the MSU Police Department and we will continue to work closely with them and other law enforcement agencies in their investigations.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Canterbury is hopeful Josh Reynolds will play again for the Bulldogs after encouraging scan results for the star playmaker's calf injury.
There is renewed hope Josh Reynolds will play for Canterbury again after the star playmaker was diagnosed with a minor calf strain.
The Wests Tigers-bound five-eighth will be sidelined along with Sam Kasiano (sternum) for the Bulldogs' final NRL home game of the year against Manly at ANZ Stadium on Sunday.
However, Reynolds is hopeful of again donning the blue and white this season before linking with the Tigers in 2018 after promising scan results.
There were fears Reynolds had played his last game for his beloved Bulldogs when he limped off in the last round loss to South Sydney.
But the Bulldogs on Tuesday only ruled out Reynolds and barnstorming forward Kasiano for the Manly match and are hopeful both will return against the Gold Coast next round.
"Reynolds will be sidelined with a minor calf strain after leaving the ground midway through the first half of the Bulldogs loss to the Rabbitohs last weekend, while Kasiano will also be sidelined for a week after suffering a sternum injury in the same fixture," the Bulldogs website said.
"Despite hoping to be back this week, Greg Eastwood will also miss the final home game of the season as he continues to recover from a meniscus tear in his knee."
Matt Frawley will move to five-eighth for Reynolds against the Sea Eagles, with Francis Tualau and Michael Lichaa coming on to the bench.
Reynolds and Kasiano - who will link with Melbourne next year - will receive a special presentation at the Bulldogs' final home game of the year on Sunday.
Raymond Faitala-Mariner moves back to the Bulldogs bench with Adam Elliot set to start in the back-row.
Content Disclaimer
The information, advice and answers displayed in this section of KHON2.com are those of individual sponsors and not KHON-TV/Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. KHON2.com presents this content on behalf of each participating sponsor. Sponsored content is copyrighted to its respective sponsor unless otherwise indicated.
(Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times)
Members of the California Legislature's budget conference committee convene Wednesday with one task above all others: reconcile the plans put forth by their two houses, both of which would be more costly than the proposal crafted by Gov. Jerry Brown.
The 10-member committee, equally split between the Senate and Assembly but dominated by Democrats, will knit the proposals together to form most of the budget sent to Brown by June 15. The most contentious disagreements are usually settled in closed-door negotiations with the governor.
While both houses propose higher spending than Brown did in his blueprint, they also have noticeable policy differences with him on healthcare, higher education and social services. And in some cases, the Senate and Assembly disagree with each other on those topics.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — On Nov. 9, 2016, many Democrats and Democratic supporters woke up to the reality of an election cycle that ended decidedly differently than they had hoped. More than three months later, Michigan Democrats are setting their sights on the 2018 election.
Grand Rapids' Brandon Dillon left the state legislature to chair the Michigan Democratic Party. President Donald Trump's election was a big defeat for the party and him — the state went red in the presidential election for the first time since 1988.
Over the weekend, Dillon was re-elected by his party. He said the activism that he has seen since the election — protests, more people showing up for town hall meetings, even one of the biggest turnouts for the MDP convention that anyone can remember — have him cautiously optimistic that Democrats can capitalize on what some have described as a “Tea Party”-type groundswell on the Democratic side.
“We're seeing this all over in Michigan where we have people showing up at congressmen's offices trying to ask about how they feel about these issues,” Dillon told 24 Hour News 8. “People, they want answers. I think they're afraid. There are a lot of people who've benefited from the Affordable Care Act, but there are people who are afraid about Medicare, they're afraid about Social Security, they're afraid about a whole host of issues that seem to be up in the air right now. … In terms of ideology, these are polar opposites, but in terms of the energy and how people are choosing to take that frustration and channel it into action is very, very similar.”
Dillon will be one of the guests on “To The Point” this weekend, discussing the political landscape and how Democrats are approaching Trump's presidency.
On the other side of the political spectrum, new Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel — a Michigan native and formerly the state party's chair — will also join “To The Point.”
“To The Point” begins at 10 a.m. Sunday on WOOD TV8.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
New Delhi: The Indian Railways has received more than 2.3 crore applications for nearly 90,000 jobs it had advertised for earlier this year, the ministry said on Tuesday.
Railway Recruitment Boards (RRBs) published two fresh notifications — on 3 February and 10 February — for a total of 89,409 vacancies.
Till now, it has received 47.56 lakh applications for 26,502 vacancies of assistant loco-pilots and technicians, and another 1.90 crore for 62,907 vacancies of Level-1 (erstwhile Group 'D') posts. This takes the total number of applications received for 89,409 posts to a whopping 2.37 crore.
The railways will conduct the world's largest computer-based recruitment exam within hours, which earlier took around two months to complete, the ministry said in a statement.
It said the online process will save an estimated 10 lakh trees. There will also be a provision for a 'mock test' before the actual examination to provide applicants an opportunity to familiarise with the improved computer-based testing process.
"Online Application System has saved the candidates from worries and uncertainties about postal delays or non-delivery of their applications. They are sure of submission of their applications and get SMS and email alerts at various stages of recruitment. Computer-based examination gives the candidates the flexibility of toggling between the languages of questions and revisiting and revising their answers, if required," the ministry said.
The ministry said there will be no interviews in the RRB examinations and a system of uploading answer keys has been introduced to enhance transparency and fairness.
"In Computer Based Tests (CBTs), candidates are shown their question paper, answer booklets along-with correct answer keys. They are also given an opportunity to raise objection regarding correctness of question and answer keys, if any," the ministry added.
This year's peace price exhibition BAN THE BOMB is both a tribute to Nobel Peace Prize winner ICAN and a statement on the cruelty of nuclear weapons. At the heart of the exhibition are objects from Hiroshima and Nagasaki, as never before shown in Europe; a unique photo series about the current nuclear threat; and a call for action for the public to engage in the work against nuclear weapons.
Every year, the Nobel Peace Center creates an exhibition that celebrates the year's peace prize winner and brings focus to its work. This year's exhibition has been named BAN THE BOMB, and it will be officially opened by the peace prize winner after the award of the Nobel Peace Prize on December 11th. BAN THE BOMB shows the human relationship with nuclear weapons in both the past and present, and tells about ICAN's fight to ban these weapons. For this year's exhibition, the Nobel Peace Center has collected objects belonging to victims of the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. Among them is a bag and an air raid hood belonging to a 13-year-old boy killed in Hiroshima.
“It is so powerful to see these objects. They show us that the atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki first and foremost hit individuals. These objects are the victims' legacy for the next generations, and a strong reminder of the horror of nuclear weapons”, says Director Liv Tørres.
Nobel Peace Center's Director of Exhibitions, Liv Astrid Sverdrup, has herself been to Hiroshima and Nagasaki to borrow items to exhibit in Norway through a unique collaboration with three Japanese museums in Hiroshima, Nagasaki and Kyoto. In Japan, both the Peace prize exhibition. In Japan, there has been much interest about both the peace prize and the exhibition, containing historical objects that are rarely lent out.
For this year's Peace Prize, the Nobel Peace Center has engaged the internationally-renowned documentary photographer Sim Chi Yin. She has traveled along the border between China and North Korea and across six states in the United States. The result is a unique photo series that reflects the human experience with nuclear weapons, in the past and present.
“Especially strong are her pictures from the borders of North Korea and nuclear sites in the United States. These pictures tell us that the nuclear threat is real. That's why we also dedicated considerable space for this year's Nobel Prize winner ICAN. They have offered a new approach to the fight against nuclear weapons and the results we thought were possible,” says Tørres.
They have created new gaps in the fight against nuclear weapons and results were thought possible.
(N.Sethu)
© Getty Images
The Democratic National Committee had a rough 2017, plagued by leadership troubles internal squabbling , and unflattering reports . To top it off, the party ended the year "dead broke," says The Intercept's Ryan Grim Do the math, and the party is working with just over $400,000 overall.Meanwhile, the Republicans are swimming in pools of money. The Republican National Committee had raised $132 million by the end of 2017 -The DNC's rebuttal, The Washington Post reports , is that they raised more money in 2017 than they have in previous non-election years and were operating at something of a disadvantage given the "rebuilding job" undertaken by first-year chairman Tom Perez. While the DNC claims it is not borrowing money to pay the bills, Grim notes thatIf there is any cause for Democratic optimism, it's that individual Democratic candidates seem to be doing well for themselves even as the national party apparatus struggles. NBC News reported Thursday that nearly 50 non-incumbent Democrats running for Congress in the 2018 midterm elections outraised their Republican opponents in the last quarter of 2017.
Born on the Fourth of July -- 102 years ago
Born in Midland in 1916, Ann Hanson turns 102 today -- the Fourth of July.
Hanson, with a youthful sense of humor and a wise mind, sat in her wheelchair at Nottingham Place. Surrounding her were her daughter, Margaret Benjamin, and her daughter-in-law, Sue Hanson.
Remembering her childhood on a farm in Midland, Hanson spoke of her memories growing up. From a family of 11 children, working on the farm was necessary. Hanson looked back on herding cows on the farm, particularly the hard work it took.
"Everybody just hated that," Hanson said. "You didn't know where they were unless the bell rang. Every cow had a bell."
After herding, Hanson was in charge of milking the cows, as well. Her unfading sense of humor showed as she described the chore.
"Hell, yes (I had to milk the cows). As long as you could sit on the pail, if you could hang on to the tit," Hanson said, explaining how work started at an early age.
She also remembers her athletic days.
Hanson recalled playing softball and bowling. She played every position in softball, though batting was her favorite part of the game. Her memories of this time lit up her eyes as she spoke.
"That was amazing, them days," Hanson said. "Batting and hitting, oh, I played first base a lot."
She later became the top woman bowler in Midland -- for 35 years. Hanson bowled with a 16-pound ball. Her strength still shows in the sturdiness of her fingers and hands.
Two of Hanson's great-great grandchildren play softball, just like she did. Hanson has lived to meet five grandchildren, seven great-grandchildren and 11 great-great grandchildren.
"Oh, I got a bunch of them," she said of her grandchildren. "Hey, they're there, what am I going to do about it," Hanson added, earning a laugh from her family.
Hanson still resides in Midland where she has raised a family and has seen her children and grandchildren raise families. She has stayed in Midland all these years.
"Well, your home was here," Hanson said with certainty, telling why she has never left.
A birthday open house is planned for Hanson from 2 to 4 p.m. today, at Nottingham Place 5800 Jefferson.
Violet Brown spent much of her life cutting sugarcane in the fields around her home in western Jamaica.
She attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken, and celebrated her 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, she is believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press she is surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
READ MORE: World's oldest person dies in Italy at age 117
“This is what God has given me, so I have to take it, long life,” Brown said.
Brown is considered the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people.
Norman Xiong, the NCAA freshman golfer of the year at Oregon; Hayden Wood of Oklahoma State; and Mark Lawrence Jr., the Virginia state amateur champion, shot six-under-par 64s Monday to share the first-round lead in stroke play of the U.S. Amateur Championship at Riviera and Bel-Air country clubs.
Xiong had six birdies without a bogey at Riviera; Wood had seven birdies and one bogey at Riviera and Lawrence eagled two par fives at Bel-Air. A bogey on the par-four 18th kept him from the outright lead.
Arthur Griffin of Lake Placid, N.Y. is two strokes off the lead after a 66 at Riviera.
Only 27 players in the field of 312 broke par on the two courses, 15 at Bel-Air and 12 at Riviera, which is playing as a par 70 instead of it's usual 71. The 509-yard opening hole, a par five during the regular PGA Tour stop in L.A., is being played as a par four.
Stroke play continues today at the two courses. The low 64 scorers after today advance to single-elimination match play at Riviera on Wednesday through Sunday, when the two finalists will play a 36-hole championship match.
CAPTION Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. CAPTION Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. CAPTION The Times' Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys. Their discussion includes Sean McVay's first game as coach, quarterback Jared Goff and the arrival of receiver Sammy Watkins from Buffalo. The Times' Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys. Their discussion includes Sean McVay's first game as coach, quarterback Jared Goff and the arrival of receiver Sammy Watkins from Buffalo. CAPTION Receiver Sammy Watkins, who the Rams acquired in a trade with the Bills earlier this week, arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday and watched the preseason game against the Cowboys from the sideline. Receiver Sammy Watkins, who the Rams acquired in a trade with the Bills earlier this week, arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday and watched the preseason game against the Cowboys from the sideline. CAPTION Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. drew a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout at his boxing club in Las Vegas. Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. drew a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout at his boxing club in Las Vegas. CAPTION Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. draws a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout attended by the media on Thursday in Las Vegas. Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. draws a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout attended by the media on Thursday in Las Vegas.
sports@latimes.com
Because of the Independence Day holiday, there will be no edition of The ARRL Letter on Thursday, July 5, and there will be no edition of ARRL Audio News on Friday, July 6. The next edition of The ARRL Letter will be published on Thursday, July 12, and ARRL Audio News will resume on Friday, July 13. We wish everyone a safe and enjoyable holiday!
PIQUA — A Troy man is jail this week after being accused of raping a woman over the weekend in Piqua.
William Michael Heys, 58, of Troy, was charged with first-degree felony rape over the weekend on Sunday. He was arraigned in Miami County Municipal Court on Monday.
Heys was charged in connection with an incident on Saturday in Piqua. According to Miami County Municipal Court records, Heys allegedly raped by force an adult victim known to him in the area of the roadside park on State Route 66 on Saturday night. The victim reportedly tried to get Heys to stop and told him to stop multiple times. The victim was later treated at Upper Valley Medical Center.
Heys is currently incarcerated in the Miami County Jail on $500,000 bond. A preliminary hearing for Heys is scheduled for Wednesday.
Heys http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/04/web1_william-heys-mugshot-CMYK.jpg Heys
By Sam Wildow swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
SEOUL, South Korea – A top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States conducting one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump.
Kim Yong Chol is meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York to finalize plans for the summit, while lower-level officials have been meeting at the inter-Korean border and in Singapore for other pre-summit negotiations.
More: Trump team seeks to nail down details of Kim Jong-un meeting
More: Insider's account of North Korea reveals why Trump may be forever disappointed
A look at what is at stake in the three sets of talks:
–––
U.S. TALKS
Kim Yong Chol is likely to convey to Pompeo that Kim Jong-un is serious about the summit and also to discuss the contents of a joint statement to be issued at its end.
Some experts say major thorny issues are still unsettled between the two countries, and that is why a senior official like Kim Yong Chol has traveled to the United States to narrow the gap.
Trump abruptly canceled the summit last Thursday before quickly reversing course and announcing the meeting could happen. His decision came amid widespread doubt in the United States that North Korea would be willing to actually scrap a nuclear program it has struggled for decades to build.
Meanwhile, South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who met Kim Jong-un last Saturday, said the North Korean leader is uncertain whether he can trust Trump's promise to provide a security guarantee if North Korea abandons its nuclear weapons.
Given these basic concerns, Kim Yong Chol's talks with Pompeo are likely to focus on a possible compromise between Washington's push for a speedy nuclear disarmament and North Korea's preference for more gradual steps matched by corresponding benefits from the U.S.
Kim Yong Chol, 72, is the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States since 2000. His official title is vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party. He previously headed North Korea's military intelligence agency and was believed to be behind two attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and a 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures.
–––
DMZ TALKS
U.S. and North Korean officials started talks on the North's side of a border village on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit. The village is inside the mine-strewn 4-kilometer (2.5-mile) -wide Demilitarized Zone, a buffer created at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.
The U.S. delegation is headed by Sung Kim, the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines who served as America's top negotiator to now-stalled six-nation talks on North Korean nuclear disarmament, and as its ambassador to Seoul. In 2008, he witnessed North Korea's destruction of the cooling tower at its main nuclear complex in a show of good faith with the United States. In recent years, however, satellite photos have indicated that North Korea has restarted its plutonium reactor at the complex.
His North Korean counterpart is Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son Hui, the North's highest-ranking female diplomat. A recent statement by Choe threatening to scuttle the summit and warning Washington of a nuclear showdown led Trump to temporarily cancel the summit, citing “open hostility” from the North.
The two sides are believed to have exchanged their countries' views on North Korea's denuclearization, America's security assurances and other issues. South Korean media said they wrapped up their talks on Wednesday after Kim Yong Chol's departure for New York.
Choe served as an English-language interpreter during the six-party talks, while Sung Kim, a Korean American, is fluent in Korean. Analysts say that is likely to have smoothed their talks because they could understand each other even when they were speaking their own languages at the negotiating table.
–––
SINGAPORE TALKS
This meeting is to plan protocol, security and other logistical issues and might also include determining when and where in Singapore the summit would be held.
The two countries originally planned to hold the summit in Singapore on June 12. After putting the summit back on track, Trump tweeted Friday that it “will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th, and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.”
A delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un's trusted aides, Kim Chang Son, flew to Singapore on Monday night. South Korean media reported that he began talks with Joe Hagin, the White House deputy chief of staff for operations, who is in Singapore with other U.S. officials.
No details have emerged about the talks. Possible venues for the summit include Singapore's presidential palace, the Shangri-La hotel and the Marina Bay Sands hotel.
Kim Chang Son served as Kim Jong-un's chief of staff after the 34-year-old leader took power in late 2011. His current official title is a departmental director at the State Affairs Commission, which is headed by Kim Jong-un.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
FILE - In this May 11, 2018, file photo, Philadelphia 76ers general manager Bryan Colangelo speaks during a news conference at the NBA basketball team's practice facility in Camden, N.J. Colangelo is denying a report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, among other NBA figures. The accounts also took aim at former Sixers GM Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer. Matt Rourke, File AP Photo
0
Welcome to the 179th episode of Collider Heroes, hosted by Jon Schnepp, with Robert Meyer Burnett and John Rocha. We answer your Twitter questions about the World of Heroes and Villains on this Thursday October 5, 2017:
LA PLATA, Md. (AP)  Authorities say a man wanted in a fatal shooting of a woman outside a Maryland sports bar has surrendered, a day after another man wanted in the slaying was wounded in a shootout with officers in Virginia.
The Charles County Sheriff's office in Maryland said in a statement that 33-year-old Charles Thompson Jr. surrendered Monday. He's charged with first-degree murder in the death of Miaquita Gray on Feb. 4.
The man wounded Sunday in Emporia, Virginia, is Anthony Wilkins. He is also charged with first-degree murder in Gray's slaying.
Authorities say Wilkins and Thompson fought with Gray's acquaintance. Officials say they were in the bar parking lot later when Wilkins fired at the pair, killing Gray and grazing her acquaintance.
No. 1 Dow aims for third straight tennis state title
You could call them the Warriors and the Cavaliers of Division 1 girls tennis in Michigan.
Just as those two basketball teams are meeting for a fourth straight year in the NBA Finals, it appears that Dow High and Northville will be the top contenders for the fourth straight time in the Division 1 state tennis finals on Friday and Saturday at the Greater Midland Tennis Center.
Dow is ranked No. 1 and Northville No. 2. The two teams tied for the state title last year, Dow took first and Northville took second in 2016, and Northville won and Dow was runner-up in 2015.
"The two of us are probably in the best position based on the draws, and (No. 3) Bloomfield Hills is a slight step behind," Dow tennis coach Garrett Turner said. "It looks like it's probably going to be another showdown (between Northville and us) on Saturday.
"But we have to take care of business on Friday (first)," he noted.
Competition begins at 8:30 a.m. Friday.
Each of the four singles flights and four doubles flights has five rounds of play at the single-elimination state tournament, three of which will be completed on Friday -- leaving only the semifinal and final rounds to be played Saturday morning and early afternoon.
Twenty-two teams will be represented at the tournament, including one other local team, Saginaw Heritage.
Every Dow flight earned a first-round bye.
Dow's Jessica Brown at No. 1 singles is unseeded in the toughest flight of the tournament. She'll open against unseeded Margaret Goldberg of Ann Arbor Pioneer in the second round, and the winner will likely face second seed Tia Mukherjee of Bloomfield Hills in the quarterfinals.
Zoe Angell is the third seed at No. 2 singles and opens against unseeded Caroline Norton of Ann Arbor Skyline.
Sarah Ismail is the top seed at No. 3 singles and will face an unseeded player to be determined in her first match.
Hadley Camp is the second seed at No. 4 singles and likewise will face an unseeded player to be determined.
At No. 1 doubles, Tatum Matthews and Kelly Livingston have the second seed and will meet an unseeded team in their opener.
At No. 2, Meghan Killmaster and Victoria Leiti have the third seed and play Megan Foley and Saige Jost of Saline to start.
At No. 3, Giacomina Fabiano and Christina VanderKelen are the third seed and play Nina Ellsworth and Sarah Roberts of Saline to start.
At No. 4, Amelie Kraef and Reema Patel are the top seed and will face an unseeded team to start.
Seven of Dow's 12 starters are seniors - Brown, Ismail, Camp, Matthews, Livingston, Fabiano and VanderKelen - and have already achieved unprecedented success as a class in the Charger tennis program.
"They've already created a strong footprint," Turner said. "They've been runners-up and have won two state titles. No other (class of) tennis players at Dow High can say they've been able to do what these girls have done."
Northville's singles players, meanwhile, are seeded first, second, fourth and fifth in their respective flights.
The Mustangs' doubles flights are seeded first, first, fourth and second, respectively.
This will be one of the few times in recent years that the Dow seniors won't have their commencement ceremonies on the Friday evening of the state tennis tournament - since commencement was held last Thursday at Dow Diamond for the first time.
"That's one thing that they don't have to deal with this year, and hopefully that will be helpful (to allow them to focus on the tournament)," Turner said.
When was the last time you watched a YouTube video that didn't have a pre-roll ad? Or, how about the last time you looked at your Facebook news feed and counted how many companies video and Pages popped up? Digital Marketing and Social Media has changed the advertising world drastically, and it's also changed the way consumers interact with businesses. That's why companies are now hiring people, and sometimes even whole departments, to run its Social Media platforms and develop Digital Marketing strategies.
Tweeting for a living may sound easy, but it's not as simple as it sounds. Just like any good old-fashioned ad campaign, digital marketing needs a strategy, intent, purpose, and a clear directive to be effective. In other words, it takes training to do it properly. If you're looking to start a career in Social Media or Digital Marketing, there has never been a better time, and iMore can help you out!
Right now through iMore Offers you can enroll in the Live Course: Digital Marketing & Social Media Bootcamp and learn everything you need to know to succeed in the Digital Marketing and Social Media Space.
These courses are streamed live from Oct. 16th - Nov. 7th so that you will be taught by an actual instructor. Plus, all the content will be recorded and available 24/7 during the duration of the course, so you will never have to worry about missing anything important.
A boot camp like this would usually cost around $800, but if you enroll right now iMore Offers can give you the entire course for just $19; that's a saving of 97%!
Here are just some of the great lessons you will be able to access if you enroll in the boot camp!
Module 1: Your Digital Marketing Foundation
Module 2: eCommerce - Converting 101
Module 3: Web Development & Design (On Demand)
Module 4: Pay per Click Advertising (PPC)
Take control of your life and jump-start your career in Social Media managing and Digital Marketing strategy today with the Live Course: Digital Marketing & Social Media Bootcamp
The aboriginal girl had been with foster parents for two years before she was placed in what is called kinship care, a program that aims to keep children with relatives and maintain ties to their culture and communities.
Serenity's birth mother had raised concerns to social workers that the child was being abused, and wanted her moved back to foster care.
"I'm glad to see charges have finally been laid, but I still have questions as to why it took so long," Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark said in a release. "We still don't have clear answers about what went wrong, and we cannot wait for a fatality inquiry to provide those answers."
Clark said he wants assurances that court cases related to the abuse or death of children are not delayed.
United Conservative Party members Jason Nixon and Ric McIver, who were on the province's child-welfare panel, also issued a statement that said they are relieved to finally see charges.
"It's clear that this case was mishandled from the very beginning and we must understand what went wrong in order to prevent tragedies like this from happening in the future. The United Conservatives remain committed to getting answers for Serenity's family and seeing that our broken child intervention system is fixed."
Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley said in a statement that Serenity's death was a "call to action — a symbol of why we must never stop doing everything we can to prevent tragedies like this one.
"Three years is a long time to wait for a family who has already suffered such heartbreaking loss. And we know that Serenity's family, and Albertans, want answers."
By The Canadian Press
There was something about Joe Louis Arena.
Beauty of “The Joe”
Aesthetically and architecturally, it was a below-average facility in the NHL.
The concourse was one of the smallest in the league and became suffocating in the post-game rush to exit the arena. There were no cupholders attached to any of the seats, making the stench of spilled alcoholic and carbonated beverages pungent on the concrete steps.
The scoreboard was the smallest in the NHL by the end of the old barn's existence, an inconvenience for the visually impaired.
To top things off, when it was constructed, the press box was an afterthought and had to be built in by removing the last row of seats. There was no elevator straight to the box and members of the media had just a few feet of legroom to walk through press row. This would come after hiking up a flight of stairs or taking one of the few elevators to get to the suite level.
But none of this mattered to anyone because of what the venue's primary tenant brought to the crowd every night from 1991 on.
A quarter-century's worth of consecutive playoff appearances brought countless memories made by legendary icons. A consistent energy flowed in that building and it stemmed from the incredible consistency of play. This made one of the more aesthetically unpleasing arenas in the league one of the most imposing.
A glance up at the countless banners was proof in itself.
Fans came to see Steve Yzerman. They came to see Sergei Fedorov. Vyacheslav Kozlov. Nicklas Lidstrom. Brendan Shanahan. Pavel Datsyuk. These were the entertainers that made going to “The Joe” an experience that could not be replicated anywhere else.
As much as the sport helped guests detach from reality for a couple of hours, the Red Wings masked the deficiencies of the venue that accommodated their faithful.
That will not be the case anymore.
Fall of the Red Wings
Detroit missed the playoffs for the first time in 25 years last season, concluding their 38-year stay at JLA in less than impressive fashion. They had the 26th-worst goals-for and goals-against per game, spending most of the year in the league's basement on the power play. Only one player (Tomas Tatar) scored more than 20 goals and one defender (Mike Green) scored more than 15 points.
Last year's result didn't necessarily come out of nowhere. Since 2012, the team has won just one playoff series and has barely earned their postseason berths, waiting until the final week of the campaign to lock it down for the sake of just making it into Lord Stanley's Dance.
A once proud winner and model of consistency showed cracks with every first round exit, making an early spring the new norm in “Hockeytown.”
The end of the streak was timed pretty well, however. Fans still came to see the arena one last time despite the underwhelming on-ice product, reminiscing about many moments that they saw in the glory years. At Little Caesars Arena, the aura will remain but for a different reason. The facility is new and state-of-the-art.
Enter The “Dough Joe”
There is an outdoor plaza that aims to be a draw for pre-game events. There's an open-air beer garden, a skylit “Via” concourse complete with hundreds of TVs, five distinct restaurant options, and historic pieces of Red Wing lore. There's a gigantic jewel skin video board that projects dynamic images and animations and a 5,100-square foot scoreboard. And an imposing gondola seating option that makes one feel like they're right on top of the action.
This isn't your grandfather's sports arena.
The fan experience will be tremendously friendly in comparison to the previous venue, something that was a focus from day one. The new home, shared with the NBA's Detroit Pistons, promises to be a destination for patrons to enjoy the new amenities. Ironically, the venue will also do what the Red Wings did for Joe Louis: mask deficiencies of a stale product.
As currently constructed, the Red Wings are a decent amount of time away from being a true Cup contender. Depending on which individual players have bounce-back seasons, the team could finish just outside of the playoff picture or in the bottom five of the league, like they nearly did last year.
General manager Ken Holland is also not considering a long-term rebuild as of now.
In the eyes of management, it may be important to ice a team that at least looks the part of a “competitor” in the initial public offering of LCA. However, this comes at the cost of making true progress towards getting back to what made Detroit “Hockeytown” to begin with.
Pizza, Pizza?
The $863 million pizza palace is a wonderful tribute to late owner Mike Ilitch and the rest of his family. They have put pure heart and soul into revitalizing Downtown Detroit. It is amazing to see Mr. I's vision come to life with the construction of LCA, a feat that makes the Motor City the only town in America with four major sports teams within its downtown core.
The amenities and scale of the new venue are also welcome sights. They will provide the Wings faithful with the best environment to watch a team they're attached to as a symbol of pride, tradition, and excellence for decades. They may be worth the increased prices patrons will pay to enter the building and enjoy the new features.
However, one must wonder how long the initial magic of Little Caesars Arena will last and if it will be enough for a fanbase that will expect excellence from their on-ice product but receive mediocrity in return.
7 teammates who hated each other
There are players who look at each other like brothers and then there are players who just can't co-exist with others.
@SiddhantAnush by Siddhant Lazar Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 16:57 IST
Pepe and Arbeloa have had a long standing feud
Opposing teams and players getting aggressive and starting a fight, on or off the field, is common, but fighting between teammates doesn't happen often. While there are plenty of teammates who look at each other like brothers, there are a few examples of players who couldn't coexist with each other.
It's bound to happen when an athlete spends so much time as a group, and with the fame, jealousy and rivalry that exists in a team, there are bound to be instances when even friends turn into foes!
In honour of those players, we take a look at seven teammates who really hate each other. Some of them may have started out as good friends and others never really liked the other and thus “events” then proceeded to take place which earned them a spot on this list.
Whether it was due to pride, egos or contrasting personalities that led to those “events”, here are a few teammates who didn't like each other.
#7 Gerard Pique and Alvaro Arbeloa
Arbeloa and Pique played together in the World Cup-winning Spain squad
Gerard Pique is a player that is hated by most Real Madrid players and has probably had at least one fight with every current Real Madrid player. He has however saved his worst insults for former Spain team-mate Arbeloa. A Barça man through and through, Pique mocked Los Blancos after they were ejected from the Copa Del Ray for playing an ineligible player.
Also Read: Alvaro Arbeloa sets the record straight about Gerard Pique
But their feud runs much deeper and goes back to 2013, at least, after Madrid had beaten Elche with a 94th-minute penalty.
The two have since clashed multiple times both on social media and on the pitch, especially when Barcelona have faced Real Madrid, with Pique taking the feud one step forward by saying that he has never considered Arbeloa a friend or a teammate and even compared him to a cone.
Also Read: Alvaro Arbeloa and Gerard Pique involved in an argument on Twitter
The battle became so vitriolic that Spain captain Sergio Ramos had to intervene and request Pique to respect his team-mates.
However, it looks like the two may have made up or rather Pique stepped up and took his international captain's advice. Before Arbeloa's final game for Real Madrid, Pique wished his Spain teammate the best of luck for the future and also went to say that the Spanish international deserved all the accolades that he has won thus far.
Nine existing government hospitals in Arunachal Pradesh would be upgraded into e-hospitals besides a full-fledged National Institute of Electronics & Information Technology (NIELIT) would come up here, Union Electronics and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad announced on 3 February.
Prasad said 200 plus hospitals across the country have been turned into e-hospitals and assured central government's full support in making nine hospitals — along the length of Arunachal Pradesh — into e-hospitals.
He directed National Informatics Center (NIC) to fast track the procedure and sought active support of the state government.
Lauding the Pema Khandu government for its initiatives to make governance digital, Prasad emphasized the importance of information technology in transforming the way of life and governance for the poor.
"India's Talent — IT — plus Information Technology — IT is equal to India Tomorrow — IT," he said.
Reiterating that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is committed to develop northeast states at par with other states, Prasad said India cannot develop if the region is not developed.
He however, regretted that implementation of Common Service Centers (CSCs) in the state is poor and urged the state government to increase the presence of CSCs, especially at the gram panchayat levels manifold.
He pointed that CSCs, if established in every gram panchayat, would transform rural economy and take central and state government schemes to the grass root. He informed that around 10 lakh people are engaged in running CSCs across the country and 45,000 of them are women.
Prasad also emphasized on the BPO sector and suggested establishment of call centres as it is being done successfully in Nagaland.
Operation Olive Branch, launched by Turkey to eliminate PKK's Syrian affiliate People's Protection Units (YPG) from Afrin, is expected to pave the way for achieving future strategic goals as the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) take firm steps forward, experts argued.
"Turkey takes slow but firm steps in Afrin operation which substantially reduce the risk of harming civilians and causalities from the Turkish side," Murat Arslan, an academic from Hasan Kalyoncu University said speaking in a panel organized by the Foundation for Political, Economic and Social Research (SETA).
Turkey has long stressed that it will not allow the Democratic Union Party (PYD) or any actors affiliated with the PYD/YPG to form a terror corridor along its borders and openly announced an operation to Afrin with the aim of eliminating threats to its national security.
"Afrin was not Turkey's first strategic goal, it was Hasakah. However, it is not always possible to launch operations in line with your strategic goals on the ground," Hasan Basri Yalçın, an academic from Istanbul Commerce University said, and added that when the Afrin operation is completed "Turkey would eventually move its direction to east in the fight against terrorism."
Afrin has been a major hideout for the PYD/PKK since July 2012 when the Assad regime in Syria left the city to the terror group without a fight. On Jan. 20, Turkey launched Operation Olive Branch under the framework of Turkey's rights based on international law, UN Security Council resolutions and its sovereign right to self-defense under the UN Charter.Highlighting that Ankara has comprehensively planned Operation Olive Branch, Arslan said that "prior to the operation the Turkish Foreign Ministry has expressed the legitimate concerns of Turkey and all the mechanisms of the state from national intelligence service to the aid organizations have been prepared to support the operation in coordination."
Arslan also stated that Turkish forces have been mentoring the Free Syrian Army (FSA) and managed to follow a fine line of coordination, even though it is considered difficult to conduct such operations with a group which is not a regular army.
Touching on the international actors' stance toward Turkey's ongoing Afrin operation, Yalçın stated that Russia might aim to show the YPG that the U.S. can desert it at any moment. He added that the conditional cooperation between Russia and Turkey might continue following the Operation Olive Branch, which might worry Iran.
The Big Tasty is almost here again: The Dine Around And Stay In Town gala launch is this Friday at the Victoria Conference Centre, and then, more than 60 restaurants, hotels and bed and breakfasts will be taking part in this celebratory salute to succulent sustenance. Enjoy a selection of three-course meals, including vegetarian and gluten-free options, for just $20 to $50 per person. And pamper yourself with a stay at a participating hotel, motel or B&B, with room rates from $89 to $149.
Ryan Awram and Kirk Mason will take The Q Afternoon Show on the road to the conference centre for the big gala launch on Friday — and you can win Dine Around And Stay In Town meals on My Favorite Song this week.
I'm drooling so much I almost ruined my keyboard. Tomorrow's Rockline Theme Thursday is all about eating and drinking; if you can think of a rock song which fits the criteria, send me an e-mail request, or join me at noon oh five and call or text me at 250 475 100.3 as we toss some groceries down our necks, on The Q's Rockline Theme Thursday.
Fire up the audio player below to hear some musical selections which would get thumbs up from the Rockline Theme Thursday judging panel tomorrow.
Love, Dr. Scott “Chomp” James
Subscribe to Scott's NOW posts via RSS
PTI
Singapore
Some of the still grieving family members of the 239 people on the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, including Indians, have urged the new Malaysian government to renew the search for the plane after the latest, privately funded search ended today.
The Malaysian Airlines flight disappeared on March 23, 2014 while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, in what has become one of the world's biggest aviation mysteries.
The initial search, carried out by Malaysia, China, and Australia, was called off in January last year after failing to find any trace of the Boeing 777 aircraft within a 710,000- plus square kilometre area of the Indian Ocean.
Malaysia had agreed to a request by the US company operating the search, Ocean Infinity, to extend the hunt until May 29. It was given 90 days to find MH370 on a “no-find, no-fee” basis.
The Texas-based company also failed to find anything from the Indian Ocean floor and the Malaysian government had indicated that it has no plans to begin any new searches.
“Part of our motivation for renewing the search was to try to provide some answers to those affected. It is therefore with a heavy heart that we end our current search without having achieved that aim,” Ocean Infinity CEO Oliver Plunkett said in a statement.
He also acknowledged that the outcome of the search so far was “extremely disappointing”.
“We sincerely hope that we will be able to again offer our services in the search for MH370 in future,” Plunkett said.
But family members of those on board the ill-fated plane said the search would cost the Malaysian Government very little money, if only they “stepped up to the plate”.
K S Narendran, whose wife Chandrika Sharma was on MH370, said, “I am barely able to contain my deep sense of betrayal.
“It is barely possible to conceal anger at a decision taken without the courtesy of a meeting and consultation with affected families,” he was quoted as saying by the Guardian newspaper.
Grace Nathan, whose mother Anne Daisy was on MH370, said the government had broken an election promise and failed to give a clear reason why the search should be abandoned.
Nathan, now a corporate and human rights lawyer, said the “no-find, no-fee” condition meant Malaysia was not spending any money unless the plane was found.
She said Ocean Infinity had already offered to continue the search next year under the same conditions.
“Are they now cutting off offers from private companies who are willing to conduct the search at their own expense, and only be paid if the plane is found? They've already put the money aside. My question is why can't they keep that money there?
“People say that it's expensive, but the search up to now has not cost more than a brand-new Boeing. If Malaysia thinks the money has to be utilised somewhere else, they need to step up to the plate and ask if other countries are willing to contribute.”
The flight was carrying 152 Chinese nationals, 50 Malaysian nationals and five passengers from India. There were also passengers from Australia, Canada, France, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Iran, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Russia, Taiwan, Ukraine and the US when it vanished over the Indian Ocean.
Malaysian military radar and satellite data suggested the plane suddenly turned around and flew south towards the Indian Ocean, crashing and claiming the lives of all 239 crew and passengers on board.
Nathan and Narendran said China and India should contribute to a new search for the plane.
“This is an incident that if unresolved, could happen again,” Nathan said.
The search is estimated to have cost some US $ 151 million, according to Australia's minister for infrastructure and transport, Darren Chester. Most of the funds were provided by the Malaysian government. It has been the most expensive search for a missing plane in history.
The only physical sign of the plane has been debris that washed up in eastern Africa and nearby islands, far from where experts believed the flight disappeared.
A wing fragment and part of the plane's flaperon are among the remnants that have turned up.
Several theories on what might have happened to the flight have been put forward, including pilot suicide.
Australian investigators who led the joint search for the flight over four years dismissed that theory and have defended their belief that the plane's disappearance was due to an accident, CNN reported.
Two senior officials from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau told a recent parliamentary hearing that the plane had likely crashed into the Indian Ocean after running out of fuel.
The country's first aviation university at Fursatganj in Uttar Pradesh's Rae Bareli district is all set for inauguration on August 18.Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju, his deputy Jayant Sinha, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, Congress vice president and Amethi MP Rahul Gandhi, among others are expected to attend the inaugural event, officials of the Rajiv Gandhi National Aviation University (RGNAU) told PTI.The central university was planned as an autonomous body under the administrative control of the Ministry of Civil Aviation with an aim to facilitate and promote aviation studies, teaching, training and research.Air Vice Marshal (retired) Nalin Tandon has been appointed as the Vice Chancellor.The university is planning the launch of its flagship programme in 2018 at its campus in Fursatganj. Much management development programmes have also been planned and shall be conducted in subsequent years, the officials, who did not wish to be named, said.The Cabinet had in 2013 given its approval to the proposal for setting up of the university.The Rajiv Gandhi National Aviation University Bill, 2013 had received the assent of the President of India and published in the Gazette of India on September 19, 2013.About 26.35 acres of land available with the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Uran Akademi, an autonomous flying training institute under the central government, was identified for setting up of the RGNAU in its first phase (2013-14 to 2018-19).Fursatganj lies at the border of Rae Bareli and Amethi. In line with its objective of promoting aviation teaching and training, RGNAU has signed an MoU with GMR Aviation Academy for Joint PG Diploma in Aviation/ Airport Operations which is an employability oriented program focused at providing trained manpower to the industry, officials said.The university is also planning to launch MBA programme in aviation management in near future, they said, adding RGNAU shall also be affiliating colleges/ institutes for B.Sc. (Hons.) in aircraft maintenance.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The death of a woman in Arizona struck by a self-driving car with no human control, the first fatality involving a fully autonomous vehicle, is an event the nascent industry has long dreaded and comes at a sensitive time.
Monday's accident involving an Uber Technologies Inc car is shaping up as the first significant test of how policymakers and the public will respond to the new technology. The incident occurred as companies have been pushing for regulatory clearance to offer self-driving car ride services as soon as next year. On Friday, Uber and Alphabet Inc's Waymo car unit had written U.S. senators urging them to approve sweeping self-driving car legislation “in the coming weeks.”
Automakers and technology companies such as Uber, General Motors Co (GM.N) and Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) have made substantial investments that hinge on significant revisions to existing vehicle safety regulations written under the assumption that a licensed human would always be in control of a vehicle.
Auto and technology industry officials have warned that there could be accidents and deaths involving self-driving cars, but they have said countless additional lives would be saved as robotic systems programmed to obey traffic laws took over for distracted, sleepy or impaired human drivers.
Mark Rosenker, a former chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, said on Monday the public should not overreact to the Uber incident. He noted that 6,000 pedestrians and nearly 40,000 people die annually on U.S. roads in more than 6 million crashes annually.
“This is going to be a unfortunate obstacle that we are going to have to deal with to regain (the public's) belief that these devices are safe,” Rosenker said.
The incident prompted Uber to suspend all testing of self-driving cars.
The immediate impact of the fatality may be to further delay or change a landmark bill pending in Congress to speed the testing of self-driving cars that was already stalled by objections from a handful of Democrats over safety concerns.
Senator John Thune, a Republican who chairs the Commerce Committee, said the “tragedy underscores the need to adopt laws and policies tailored for self-driving vehicles.”
However, two Democratic U.S. senators on Thune's committee, Ed Markey of Massachusetts and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, said the Uber incident demands a tough response.
“This tragic incident makes clear that autonomous vehicle technology has a long way to go before it is truly safe for the passengers, pedestrians, and drivers who share America's roads,” Blumenthal said in a statement.
The Trump administration has been working to dismantle regulatory roadblocks to self-driving cars, but it has also said it is focused on ensuring safety. “The goal is to develop common sense regulations that do not hamper innovation, while preserving safety,” Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said on March 1. A spokesman for Chao had no additional comment Monday.
Chao is reviewing a petition that GM filed in January with NHTSA requesting an exemption to have a small number of autonomous vehicles operate in a ride-share program without steering wheels or human drivers.
The International Brotherhood of Teamsters said Monday in a statement the incident demonstrated “there are enormous risks inherent to testing unproven technologies on public roads. It is critical that pedestrians and drivers are safeguarded.”
Former U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said Monday the incident is a “wake-up call to the entire AV industry and government to put a high priority on safety.”
In September, the U.S. House of Representatives unanimously passed a measure that would allow automakers to win exemptions from safety rules that require human controls. A Senate version would allow automakers, within three years, to each sell up to 80,000 self-driving vehicles annually if they could demonstrate to regulators they are as safe as current vehicles.
Concerns over the safety of autonomous vehicles flared in July 2016 when a man driving a Tesla Model S in semi-autonomous “Autopilot” mode died when his car struck a tractor-trailer.
In January 2017, federal safety regulators concluded there was no defect in the Tesla Autopilot system, and that the driver should have maintained control.
As soon as the last major tax overhaul was enacted in the fall of 1986, accountant Edward Mendlowitz remembers working around the clock to convert corporations into partnerships and other so-called pass-through businesses to take advantage of the new tax code.
Now with congressional Republicans drawing closer to passing a package of $1.5 trillion in net tax cuts, mostly for corporations, Mendlowitz reckons he may soon be doing the reverse. The corporate tax rate is expected to fall from 35% to about 20%, its lowest in more than 75 years and considerably less than what pass-through taxpayers are likely to face.
“We're not taking the pencil and paper out yet, but at some point we're probably going to switch a lot of them,” said Mendlowitz, a partner with WithumSmith+Brown in New Brunswick, N.J.
The specter of mass conversions — and the potentially huge tax revenue losses resulting from them — is but one vexing problem for GOP leaders as they try to stay within debt limits and resolve differences in the way the Senate and House bills would treat pass-through entities, which account for about 95% of all businesses.
In the view of tax experts, the two Republican versions on taxing pass-throughs are far apart. Where the two chambers come down on the matter could have implications not only for the federal debt, but the level of entrepreneurial activity and even employer-employee relationships, not to mention whether GOP leaders ultimately succeed in passing a final tax legislation.
Analysts also see the pass-through provisions as particularly susceptible to workarounds and manipulation. Despite anti-abuse rules that are included in the bills, the haste and unconventional manner in which GOP leaders are trying to push through their tax plan adds to the risk of leaving loopholes that clever lawyers and accountants will almost certainly be able to exploit.
For example, the proposed Senate changes could spur some salaried employees to make an arrangement with their employers to form their own companies to take advantage of the pass-through deductions not allowed for individual taxpayers. That could further increase the already growing trend of consultants and independent contractors.
“Say you've got two businesses in the same industry,” said Howard Wagner, managing director at Crowe Horwath LLP, a public accounting firm. “One business model is to hire employees, the other is to use independent contractors. Will the one who is able to use independent contractors be able to attract better talent if the lower rate is available to those individuals?”
Wagner added: “These things have real-world consequences.”
The bills now in conference in the Senate and the House, both under GOP control, share key provisions. They are fundamentally aimed at making big corporate tax cuts permanent and shifting to a territorial system in which only domestically generated income would be taxed.
The Trump administration and Republican backers in Congress argue the cuts will ramp up investments, stimulate economic growth and lead to sizable wage gains for the average American.
Congressional Democrats and many economists doubt the tax savings to already cash-rich corporations and individuals will trickle down to middle-class households, and they worry that the massive tax cuts will further swell the nation's public debt, triggering higher interest rates that could neutralize potential economic gains from a tax overhaul.
The House tax bill passed in mid-November, the Senate's in the wee hours Dec. 2 by a narrow 51-49 vote. There are important clear-cut differences, notably over whether to repeal the individual mandate in Obamacare and how to handle the alternative minimum tax.
But the pass-through provisions may be the most complicated and fraught with uncertainties in terms of how they will play out and the potential cost to Uncle Sam.
Pass-through entities are so named because their incomes, for federal tax purposes, are treated as having “passed through” directly to the owners. Most pass-throughs are mom-and-pop operators, but they include large law firms and hedge funds that are structured as partnerships or what are known as S corporations, as opposed to C corporations like publicly traded Wal-Mart and Microsoft. Only C corporations are subject to the federal corporate income tax, now at 35%.
Pass-through owners are currently taxed at the same rates for individuals, with the top tax bracket at 39.6%
The GOP Senate tax plan would slightly lower the maximum individual tax rate to 38.5%, and would provide a special 23% deduction on qualifying pass-through income. For pass-through owners in the highest tax bracket, that means their effective tax rate would be a little less than 30%.
The House measure takes a different approach. It keeps the 39.6% marginal tax rate for individuals, but sets a new top rate of 25% for pass-throughs. Owners of professional services such as legal and consulting businesses would not qualify — although real estate investment firms like those controlled by President Trump would — whereas the Senate version allows those and many other service providers to take the pass-through deduction from their incomes as long as they do not exceed $500,000 for couples.
The lower House rate for pass-throughs — 25% compared with the effective rate of 30% with the Senate bill — means it will be more expensive to go with the House plan. The cost of the pass-through tax cuts envisioned by the House is about $600 billion over 10 years, while the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation estimates it at $340 billion for the Senate plan.
That is a big gap that will be hard to bridge, but it is further complicated by the fact that both GOP versions for treating pass-throughs could have major unintended but foreseeable consequences.
On the Senate side, even with the special 23% deduction, the effective tax rate for high-profit pass-throughs would be almost 10 percentage points higher than the 20% marginal rate for C corporations, and that does not include the deduction that corporations can take for state and local taxes. (Those deductions would be eliminated for taxpayers filing individual returns.)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The average Brit feels guilty for six hours and 36 minutes every week, a study has found.
Researchers who polled 2,000 adults found guilt strikes on three occasions each week, with the feeling lingering for more than two hours each time.
Giving into a craving is the most common guilt trigger while not keeping in regular contact with relatives was a close second.
Breaking a diet, not calling friends you've been meaning to, and accidentally being rude to someone also regularly leaves us feeling contrite.
Other reasons for guilt include not tidying up, getting a taxi and getting a takeaway, along with gossiping, deliberate rudeness and not going to the gym.
(Image: Getty)
The study, by Intrepid Travel, also found one in three turn guilt into a positive by learning from their mistakes.
Although only one in five said they immediately tried to make amends.
Researchers also revealed many have bad habits which leave them feeling guilty, with swearing, eating chocolate, procrastinating and snoring among the most common.
The good news is that despite regularly falling foul of society's rules, almost half do try and ‘give something back'.
In fact, the average adult tries to make up for their mistakes around five times every week by donating to charity, helping the homeless or helping a family in need, leading to around 48 per cent claiming to have a clear conscience.
But altruism doesn't come so easily to everyone – in fact, nearly half admitted they could do more to give something back.
It also emerged Brits' grapple with guilt, bad habits and trust stretched to their shopping habits too.
More than one quarter said that over the last five years they have become more likely to purchase responsibly sourced goods.
Similarly, 24 per cent said they are inclined to purchase from trustworthy companies.
(Image: Digital Vision)
What's more, when shopping for holidays and travel, more than one third said they ensured they always look for ways of travelling responsibly and guilt-free.
Tom Smith, Marketing Director for Intrepid Travel which carried out the research, said: "Our research shows people are changing their attitudes and finding ways to make up for their bad habits.
"Over the last five years consumer habits have changed and when it comes to picking a holiday, people are choosing an experience that will allow them to travel responsibly.
"Whether that's ensuring that holidays help the local people and community, staying at hotels with green initiatives, or choosing a company that operates carbon-neutral trips, we are becoming more self-aware and are changing our perspectives."
The research also revealed how Brits' guilt varies by region, with those in the West Midlands confessing to feeling guilty for more than three hours a week.
(Image: Getty)
In comparison, those in the East Midlands feel the same for little more than half that time.
Likewise, almost one in 10 adults in the West Midlands have felt guilty on someone else's behalf – more than anywhere else in the UK.
And when it comes to ‘giving something back', Londoners and East Anglians do selfless deeds around four times each week – while those in Yorkshire are the most generous with an average of six acts of kindness.
Unsurprisingly, more than half of Londoners admitted they should make an effort to give something back more frequently in their lives – and 60 per cent of Yorkshire men and women said they had a clear conscience.
Shopping habits were revealed to vary by region – 30 per cent of East Anglians said they have become more likely to purchase from trustworthy companies, but just 20 per cent of Scots said the same.
Similarly, almost one third of those in East Anglia said they have become more likely to purchase responsibly sourced goods - compared to just 22 per cent of those in Northern Ireland.
It was also found that those in Wales travel the most, an average of five times a year, while adults from Northern Ireland go away less than four times a year.
Top 25 ways in which Brits feel guilty
Giving into a craving Not calling family enough Breaking a diet Not calling friends enough Accidentally being rude to someone Not tidying up Cancelling on a friend Getting a takeaway Gossiping Being rude to someone Not going to the gym Leaving a pet at home Lied to a partner Spending a day in pyjamas Lied to family Not recycling Lied to a friend Asking someone to do you a favour Not showering/washing Leaving a small shop/market without buying anything Not taking your advice Forgetting manners Pretending you're working Accidental queue jumping Hitting the snooze button
Top 10 ways in which Brits give back
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
A Tribe Called Quest is on what has been billed as its final world tour — a bittersweet run that marks the group's first album in nearly 20 years and the group's first outing since the passing of member Phife Dawg.
The act was a highlight of this year's FYF Fest and was set to play Outside Lands this past weekend.
But fans at Outside Lands never got to hear Tribe, following a weekend in which the acclaimed hip-hop collective canceled twice.
During opening day on Friday, promoters announced the band couldn't make its set due to “unforeseen travel issues.”
RAC and Little Dragon were shuffled around to fill in the vacated slot and organizers moved Tribe to Saturday night.
Yet to the dismay of festivalgoers on Saturday, Tribe was again a no-show.
“Due to further travel complications, A Tribe Called Quest could not make their re-scheduled festival performance,” organizers said in a statement. “Outside Lands has done everything in our power to accommodate these unfortunate circumstances and we deeply regret the disappointment this has caused our fans.”
After a weekend of harsh criticism from disappointed fans, the band is offering a full apology — and explanation for its no-show in a lengthy open letter that The Times has posted in full below:
Dear Questers,
We want to sincerely apologize to you for our absence at the Outside Lands Music Festival. Your love, dedication and support of our music is important to us. Our performance at the festival has been months in the making and in those months we have been fraught with an emotional and eager excitement to touch the stage in the place where Phife Dawg made his home.
Upon the eve of playing for you, we performed not to a mixed crowd of festival patrons but to a filled house of solely Questers. It was humbling. The beautiful Red Rock amphitheater was filled with voices helping us get through a difficult performance without our brother Phife. You would think that with every performance we heal a little more and the sadness is easier to handle. Sometimes that is the case and sometimes the grief and loss is compounded. Although the house was filled with love and we felt it all, we also felt the huge void of Phife's absence. We walked off that stage deep in grief.
In show business there is a notion that the "show must go on" no matter what. Sometimes though, when you have lost someone close, you are riddled with the notion that there is no going on. That Friday morning upon traveling to San Francisco, a wave of grief was still on us and in that moment we could not see the “on” to go on to. Eventually though in face of loss you find that glimmer of light to bring you to your center and you find the “on.”
We missed Friday but we found our "on" the following day. We wanted to play for you and we wanted to honor Phife's wife in their hometown. Unfortunately, everything did not come together before the closing curfew. For that, we are deeply sorry. We look to correct this and regain your confidence.
Actually, let us restate that — we will correct this and regain your confidence.
A special shout out goes to Another Planet Entertainment, the promoter/organizer of Outside Lands.
They put together an incredible event that was enjoyed by many despite the fact that we were unable to add to that joy. We want to express our appreciation for their efforts and encourage our fans to continue to support them. And to those who traveled far and wide, we sincerely apologize and are looking for ways to make this up to you. We are fully aware that without you (the fans), we would not be where we are today. We appreciate you having our back during this challenging period.
We are not making excuses for our absence. We just wanted you to know that we are still grieving and yet we want to honor each and every one of you for 28 years of music love. Thank you for the support.
Sincerely, Tribe
See the most-read stories in Entertainment this hour »
CAPTION Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION Justin Chang reviews "Columbus," directed by Kogonada and starring John Cho and Haley Lu Richardson. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Justin Chang reviews "Columbus," directed by Kogonada and starring John Cho and Haley Lu Richardson. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION "Step" tells the inspirational story of Baltimore teens' triumph against the odds. "Step" tells the inspirational story of Baltimore teens' triumph against the odds. CAPTION Rebecca Sugar, Zach Callison, Deedee Magno Hall and Michaela Dietz stop by the L.A. Times' Comic-Con studio to talk "Steven Universe" (and sing some songs). Rebecca Sugar, Zach Callison, Deedee Magno Hall and Michaela Dietz stop by the L.A. Times' Comic-Con studio to talk "Steven Universe" (and sing some songs). CAPTION Watch "Steven Universe" creator Rebecca Sugar perform "Be Wherever You Are." Watch "Steven Universe" creator Rebecca Sugar perform "Be Wherever You Are."
gerrick.kennedy@latimes.com
For more music news follow me on Twitter:@GerrickKennedy
Your guide to the top sports TV picks of the day ...
You know the type: the plaid shirts, the ironic facial hair, the skinny jeans and fixie bikes, the lovers of obscure music and pop-up restaurants. They are the hipster. The Main Street stereotype, and a style that has long gone out of fashion. Why, to be a hipster these days is practically cliche.
But one vestige of the vegan gluten-free craft-beer ilk still lingers on — the man bun.
We've covered this follicular scourge extensively in the past — not only is it passé, it's bad for you — but it just won't go away.
Case in point, Kamloops native and Boston Celtics forward Kelly Olynyk, he of the locks that are more hippy than hipster, but still get swept up into a man bun for games. But does it actually help his game?
ESPN's Chris Forsberg dove into the issue on Sunday — complete with comparison chart — as the Celts get ready to visit the Bulls on Thursday (5 p.m. SNOne). Take it away, Chris!
Olynyk's choice of hairstyle has been notable the past couple of seasons if only because longer hair is unique in the NBA. But an interesting trend started to emerge last season: Olynyk typically performed better with the more trendy man bun than with a basic headband. And the splits are even more pronounced this season.
Through 47 appearances this season, Olynyk is averaging more than twice as many points with a man bun (10.9) than with a headband (5.1). What's more, his shooting percentages are much higher with the bun (54.1 percent overall) than without (39.2). Olynyk is plus-79 in plus/minus over 32 games with the bun and minus-53 with a headband over 15 games.
Anyways, on to the listings!
Arsenal-Bayern
Champions League
Bayern Munich have won all three previous knockout stage meetings between the two teams. Will Arsene Wenger sit $70M man Mesut Özil, who hasn't scored this year?
TV: 11:30 a.m., TSN1.
Aussie Open
LPGA in Adelaide
Vancouver darling Lydia Ko heads into the Australian Open with new clubs, a new caddy and a new coach … despite holding down the world No. 1 ranking. Interesting.
TV: 6 p.m., GOLF.
Flyers-Flames
NHL in Calgary
“They say my shot is a muffin,” Flames leading scorer Shane Monahan describes his teammates' opinion of his shot. Muffin on top or not, Calgary is gunning for a wild-card berth.
TV: 6:30 p.m., SNOne, SNW, SN360
What else is on today:
BASKETBALL: NBA, Charlotte Hornets at Toronto Raptors, 4:30 p.m., TSN1; Sacramento Kings at Golden State Warriors, 7:30 p.m., TSN1; NCAA, Georgia Tech at Miami, 5 p.m., PEACH.
HOCKEY: NHL, Toronto Maple Leafs at Columbus Blue Jackets, 4 p.m., SNP.
TENNIS: ATP, ABN AMRO World Tournament, Early Round Day 3, 10:30 a.m., TSN2.
I love answering your questions! Below is a question I've gotten about organizing, with my answer below.
Dear Bettina,
There may be a move in our future. Not today or tomorrow, but likely at some point. We don't really love where we live–it's too small–but now the idea of moving is hard even to imagine.
Our budget isn't unlimited, and the thought of moving just feels overwhelming. Can you give us some ideas (and perhaps motivation) on where to start?
Thanks,
Feeling Overwhelmed
Dear Overwhelmed,
I have good news. There's a lot you can do to make any imperfect home love-able. Truly. Here is my five-step plan for you.
1. Define your white space. Whether you move or stay, you need to be able to see what you have. Put everything you use and love in its home. If an item is a maybe and the thought of letting it go brings you to a halt, then put it in a labeled container and store it in your basement, garage, wherever, but get it out of your living space now.
2. Clean it like you mean it. First, sweep, dust, wipe all the surfaces. Then go deep. Light fixtures and fans, doors and windows, stoves and refrigerators all need attention. Remember that white eraser sponges work great for painted surfaces, plastic, and metal.
3. Maintain your systems. Is anything broken or in need of repair? Is the bathroom caulk an eyesore? It's hard to love that. Get it fixed. This applies inside and out.
4. Identify next steps. Now that things are tidy, clean, and in working order, what's missing? Do your containers need labels so it's easier for you and your people to put things away? Do your ceilings, walls, or trim need a fresh coat of paint? How's your furniture holding up? Make a prioritized list and go for it.
5. Love where you live. The first four steps can do a lot to make your current space more love-able, if not for you, then for the next owner. If you're still not feeling it, start looking for a new home to love. Your current abode will now be much easier to sell and moving will be a more manageable task. Whatever you do, keep moving forward and don't be afraid to ask for help along the way.
Start here and by all means give a shout if you need referrals, a dose of encouragement or another pair of hands. We are in your corner!!
Bettina & Company
It's great life, simplified!
Who'll be the next governor of California? It's a complete and utter mystery.
Insurance Commissioner Gavin Newsom? Antonio Villagarosa? Kamala Harris?
Actually, none of the above.
Newsom is California's lieutenant governor, not insurance commissioner. The former mayor of Los Angeles spells his name Villaraigosa. And unlike those two, Harris is not even running for governor; indeed, she's just starting to warm the U.S. Senate seat she won in November.
The fight to succeed Democrat Jerry Brown is likely to be the most wide-open and unpredictable California governor's race since at least 1998, when the overwhelming underdog Gray Davis surged to victory in the final weeks of the Democratic primary and took the office in a November landslide.
One would hardly know it, though, talking to voters who haven't the foggiest notion who's pursuing the job.
In more than three dozen interviews throughout the Bay Area and its fringes, fewer than a handful could properly identify Newsom, who formally announced his candidacy in early 2015.
The number just about matched those who named Villaraigosa, incorrectly, or cited Harris as a candidate. She may be pleased to know both were fans, in case the freshman Democrat changes her mind about the governor thing.
It's the best place in the world and the hardest place in the world. — Cathy Turney, a real estate broker in Concord
As for the other formally declared Democratic candidates, Treasurer John Chiang and former state schools chief Delaine Eastin, or the sole Republican seriously running, venture capitalist John Cox: Voters had not a clue.
Which is not to suggest the average Californian is ignorant or apathetic. State politics has never been a consuming interest in California; it's more like baseball or football, drawing attention for a few months during the season, then receding into the background for all save the most passionate fans.
All of which underscores the disconnect between your average Californian and the political insiders, obsessed as they are over the fight for chairmanship of the state Democratic Party, or the litmus test imposed by liberals pushing a Sacramento-run universal healthcare plan.
Mark Z. Barabak/Los Angeles Times Jim Knoll, a retired cosmetics salesman in San Francisco, said the next governor should stay on the path set by Jerry Brown. Jim Knoll, a retired cosmetics salesman in San Francisco, said the next governor should stay on the path set by Jerry Brown. (Mark Z. Barabak/Los Angeles Times)
There is plenty that will happen in the next 17 months to shape the mood of voters. But for now, at least, candidates aren't facing the angry electorate that thrust the GOP into the majority in Sacramento in 1994, or grudgingly reelected Davis in 2002, only to pitch him from office less than a year later in an unprecedented recall.
“Things are going pretty well,” Democrat Jim Knoll, a 71-year-old retired sales manager, said on a sunny morning in San Francisco's West Portal district, one of the more buttoned-down neighborhoods in the city. “The next governor needs to keep things on track.”
(Barring some epic shift, Brown's successor will almost certainly be a Democrat and more likely than not the one who runs best in the Bay Area, which tends to have outsized influence in state elections.)
There were gripes, naturally.
Some grumbled that voters had no say in a gas-tax hike to pay for road and transit fixes. Or marveled that housing prices have gone from ridiculous to on-another-planet insane. Or lamented how “rush hour” has become a quaint notion in an age of 24/7 traffic tie-ups.
There was middling support, at best, for two of Brown's pet projects, a plan to build two giant tunnels to ship Northern California water south and a bullet train between San Francisco and Southern California.
“That's all about him leaving his legacy,” scoffed Republican Doug Thompson, 75, a retired healthcare executive, as he hefted groceries into the back of his SUV in upscale Alamo. “Use that money to fix the schools and improve infrastructure.”
For the most part, though, the prevailing sentiment was one of relative contentment; it seems very likely the incumbent would win a third term, if the law didn't keep Brown from running again.
To that end, most hoped the next governor would largely continue in his steps, especially when it comes to fighting the Trump administration's aggressive immigration stance and efforts to undermine the state's tough environmental regulations.
“It's important they stand up for the moral values — not just market values — that Trump seems to be throwing completely out the window,” said Democrat Mary Burns, 67, who retired from the public relations industry and now writes mystery novels set in West Portal.
Mary Burns, a mystery writer in San Francisco's West Portal neighborhood, wants California's next governor to take a strong moral stand against President Trump. Mary Burns, a mystery writer in San Francisco's West Portal neighborhood, wants California's next governor to take a strong moral stand against President Trump.
There was decidedly less enthusiasm for the brio mustered by former Democratic Chairman John Burton, who flipped President Trump the double-bird at a recent state party convention and led a crowd chant of the f-bomb.
Don't stoop to Trump's level, most said, or engage in a tweet-for-tat back-and-forth with the petulant president.
“Forget about the little fights. Focus on the big things he's screwing up,” said Larry Venner, 65, a renewable energy analyst and “reluctant Democrat,” as he paused outside the library in Tracy, where the Bay Area starts giving way to the Central Valley. “Stay away from symbolic fights that don't mean anything.”
The single-payer healthcare proposal that enthralls liberal activists drew a far more tepid response. While many praised the notion of free quality medical care for all, they questioned who would pay the enormous cost, estimated at $330 billion to $400 billion annually.
High taxes are already a burden, many said, and what guarantees that raising them even higher would produce better healthcare, as the politicians promise?
“The money you send to Sacramento just seems to go into this general grinding machine and disappear,” said Democrat James de Avellar, a 67-year-old retired truck driver in Tracy.
Mark Z. Barabak/Los Angeles Times James de Avellar, a retired truck driver in Tracy, said tax dollars sent to Sacramento just seem to disappear into a "grinding machine." James de Avellar, a retired truck driver in Tracy, said tax dollars sent to Sacramento just seem to disappear into a "grinding machine." (Mark Z. Barabak/Los Angeles Times)
If there was a rough prescription for the next governor, it seemed to be: Don't attempt anything drastic. Focus on what's achievable. Fix the roads. Make public schools better. Do something to improve public transit and make housing more affordable.
Living in California has always involved trade-offs: natural beauty vs. natural disaster. Pricey living vs. priceless amenities.
“It's the best place in the world and the hardest place in the world,” said Cathy Turney a real estate broker and Democrat of a certain age (“call me a mature adult”) as she headed to a lunch date in Concord's historic Todos Santos Plaza.
By Dave Fidlin
Correspondent
Village of Waterford officials are hoping a natural repellent will mitigate ongoing concerns of geese disrupting vegetation on village-owned parkland.
The Village Board on Sept. 25 voted to use Flight Control Plus, a solution touted as environmentally friendly, yet effective, in managing geese and other feathered fowl.
In a memo, Village Administrator Rebecca Ewald said the repellent falls within the municipality's management plan for geese.
“The natural repellent, sprayed on the grass, deters the geese from eating the grass,” Ewald wrote in a memo.
The plan, which had the backing of the village's Public Works and Utilities Committee before going the full board, calls for purchasing three to four gallons of the repellent for at least one application.
The cost, per gallon of the concentrated solution, is $60.
Municipalities throughout the region have been grappling with how to address geese, particularly in public spaces. Concerns raised in other communities have included bird waste. One goose generates about a pound of feces daily.
Some municipalities have resorted to enlisting the services of the U.S. Department of Agriculture to round up geese in overpopulated areas. That method requires all gathered birds be euthanized, per USDA requirements.
Other management techniques that have been considered elsewhere have included predator decoys and spraying nests to prevent eggs from hatching.
To read the full report from the Village Board meeting see the Oct. 6 print edition of the Waterford Post.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
Designer Tom Ford thinks fashion labels should keep their creative directors because they need consistency.The 55-year-old is dismayed that contemporaries Riccardo Tisci and Nicolas Ghesquière are no longer at Givenchy and Balenciaga after invigorating the brands over more than a decade and he thinks fashion labels should keep their creative directors because they need consistency, reports femalefirst.co.uk."This whole musical-chairs thing that's going on now at brands I find so dangerous. I think Riccardo Tisci is brilliant, and he was doing a terrific job at Givenchy. I have no idea why he's gone. Nicolas Ghesquière was doing a great job at Balenciaga," Ford told New York magazine."When the customer identifies with a brand and then you flip the designer and a new one comes in, how does that brand have consistency over time? How does it mean something? And with the number of collections that we're expected to do now - before I show this one, I'm already working on that one - how is that supposed to work? It's crazy. Maybe people will start longing for something that is not as disposable, but I really don't know. I don't think anyone knows," Ford added.Ford says he is moving away from overtly sexual advertising for his products to more "sensual imagery" and he is calling for "equal-opportunity objectification" of men and women.
Stay safe during brush fire season in SWFL
LEHIGH ACRES, Fla. — Brush fire season is underway in Southwest Florida and experts cite dry conditions as a main factor.
Authorities are still investigating the cause of the New Year's Eve blaze, but the Florida Forest Service provides some helpful hints to stay safe during brush fire season.
Mow grass regularly, and keep gutters and roofs free of leaves, according to the Florida Forest Service. In addition, homeowners should have a shovel, ladder, rake, and hose readily available.
On March 16th, port workers in Dominica, who are represented by the Dominica Public Service Union (DPSU), staged industrial action which we understand was intended simply to draw the Dominica Air Sea Ports Authority (DASPA) to the discussion table.
As we understand it, this action was meant to be taken for one-day only in order to send a strong signal to DASPA that workers must be taken seriously and must not be disrespected.
The Dominica Freedom Party (DFP) is satisfied that the action taken by the workers was reasonable and responsible.
As we understand the turn of events, DPSU submitted its negotiation proposal to DASPA since 2016 and there was no response to them for over a year. A meeting was then held between the DPSU and DASPA during the second half of 2017 but before the passage of Hurricane Maria.
A second meeting was held on the 26th of February 2018, for which we understand that DASPA was unprepared. There was a promise for the parties to meet again on the 12th of March 2018, but DASPA did not show-up to that meeting. Following the no-show of DASPA, the DPSU called a meeting with the Port Workers who attended in large numbers.
At this meeting the workers therefor took the decision to stage the protest action on the 16th of March to encourage the DASPA to sit at the discussion table with the DPSU. Clearly the two parties have not yet entered into discussions in earnest neither on salaries nor on other working conditions, but it appears that the workers thought that DASPA was not responding adequately to their request to negotiate. It is good that the simple and limited protest action taken by the workers has achieved its aim, as DASPA has since agreed to sit and speak with the DPSU.
Now it is clear that the Prime Minister of Dominica by making a public statement on the matter is seeking to gain political mileage out of the justified actions of the port workers. He is talking down to and disrespecting the port workers. The Prime Minister has once again sought to mislead the people of Dominica. The Prime Minister has once again sought to use cunning words to fool the people and he has left out important details or facts so that the people would not have the truth. The Prime Minister has sought to once again put fear in the hearts of the people. But listening closely to the statement of the Prime Minister, it is clear that he is beginning to be afraid of the power of the people.
So, based on the statement of the Prime Minister and our understanding of the situation, here are a few observations. First, the port workers are not negotiating with the Prime Minister nor have they requested to do so. It seems that the Prime Minister is inserting himself prematurely; So why doesn't he let the DASPA Board do its work? DASPA should be the one to respond to the workers and clearly, they have since responded to the DPSU by agreeing to meet shortly.
Secondly, the Prime Minister suggested that he will not negotiate with workers while they are on strike. But, let me remind the Prime Minister that workers have a right to protest. A humble leader listens to the issues of the people and seeks peace. The words and tone of the Prime Minister's Public statement on the matter sounds like he wishes to wage war with the port workers instead.
Moreover, why is the Prime Minister seeking to use psychology on the people through his cunning words by trying to make the people think that this industrial action taken by the port workers is about unreasonable workers seeking salary increases at a time when the country has many needs to attend to? The Prime Minister must be aware that those negotiations between the DPSU and DASPA is long overdue and have not yet started. Since the negotiations have not yet been entered into in earnest, DASPA has not yet had the opportunity to say or state its position or situation to the workers based on its state of finances.
There has been no discussion yet on what DASPA can and cannot do based on its financial situation. So, the Prime Minister is seeking to falsely insinuate that there has been a back and forth quarrel about salaries when that is just not so. I believe that the Prime Minister knows and understands this very well but once again he is refusing to deal honestly with the people of Dominica. This industrial action is clearly about the workers wanting to be heard and to be respected more than anything else and the Prime Minister knows that.
Cleveland Browns receiver Josh Gordon and Green Bay Packers corner Damarious Randall started a Twitter beef Monday morning.
Following Sunday's overtime win by the Packers, the Green Bay Press-Gazette published a story about Randall's improved play this season, including the job done on Gordon Sunday.
"He had one catch," Randall said of Gordon. "Any more questions?"
Gordon earned three catches for 69 yards and a touchdown Sunday, but two (a 38 yarder and an 18-yard TD) came with the Packers in a zone D.
Gordon responded to the Press-Gazette's story:
Great Win for them but let's be serious.. Considering several of our disadvantages as a team, this kid couldn't hold my jock strap on my worst day lol..@RandallTime https://t.co/ennvwjTMUH â Flash Gordon (@JOSH_GORDONXII) December 11, 2017
Gordon didn't explain what he meant exactly by those "disadvantages as a team."
Of course, Randall couldn't let that lie.
"You must be on that [expletive] again," Randall tweeted back at Gordon.
Surely this will not be the end of the back-and-forth.
Bettendorf, IA - TV6 Crews are monitoring a situation at a waste disposal business where emergency crews are located.
A call for emergency crews went out shorty before 5:30 to an address on Valley Drive.
TV6 is working to find out what happened.
More updates to come.
MUZAFFARABAD: Unidentified armed men shot and injured Secretary General (SG) Majlis Wahdat-ul-Muslimeen (MWM), Allama Syed Tasawar Hussain Naqvi al-Jawadi today.
According to the police, “Unknown miscreants opened fire at Allama Syed Tasawar Hussain Naqvi al-Jawadi, at Jhelum Valley Road in Muzaffarabad.” The attackers have escaped from the scene. Allama Tasawar Jawadi was seriously injured and was immediately shifted to Combined Military Hospital (CMH) Muzaffarabad. The police after registering a case into the incident have started the investigation.
The Secretary General of the AJK chapter of Majlis Wehdatul Muslimeen (MWM), Allama Tasawwar al Jawadi, 38, was on his way to visit his in-laws in the town of Garhi Dupatta along with his wife, 32, when their motorcycle was intercepted by a black Corolla.
The Shia cleric and his wife were shot and injured, today, by unknown assailants in Muzaffarabad, Azad Jammu and Kashmir, police confirmed. As their bike reached Rawani, the assailants fired five gunshots at him, according to the accounts of the police and the cleric's relatives. The car sped away from the scene immediately afterwards.
Police said they could not immediately confirm whether the shooting was a sectarian attack or driven by personal enmity. Jawadi had received a bullet in his neck and is in critical condition and his wife received bullet injuries but was out of danger, said DIG Sardar Gulfraz Khan.
Rescue 1122 rushed to the scene after an anonymous person called 15, police said. Upon arriving, rescue officials transferred the injured to Muzaffarabad's Shaikh Khalifa bin Zayed al Nahayan Hospital. “At the moment, he [Jawadi] is being operated upon,” DIG Khan said.
“My brother-in-law had no personal enmity with anyone,” Jawadi's brother-in-law, Tasawwur Moosvi said, adding that Jawadi had been receiving threatening text messages for some time.
DIG Khan said it would be premature to jump to any conclusion. Jawadi's brother-in-law, Tasawwur Moosvi, claimed that the black car had been chasing him from Manik Pehan camp and had finally intercepted him near Rawani Bridge.
“This is a conspiracy to drive the peaceful region of Azad Kashmir towards sectarian riots,” Moosvi claimed. Demonstrations were held in different parts of Muzaffarabad and roads were blocked following the incident.
Jamiat Ahle-Hadith condemned the attack on Jawadi and called upon the government to take action against those creating unrest in the peaceful region of AJK.
“Our region has been enjoying exemplary religious harmony, and it is the national obligation of all segments of society to maintain this atmosphere at all costs,” said Daniyal Shahab, secretary general of Jamiat Ahle-Hadith, in a statement.
“We would be able to give a statement only after investigations are completed. Police had immediately established blockades at all entry and exit points of Azad Kashmir to ensure that the attackers do not flee the area.'' said DIG Khan.
The ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party) and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan display obvious confidence in anticipation of the coming early elections on June 24 while confusion reigns among the opposition. Months-long discussions between the AK Party and the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) have created a strong election alliance, with the government's string of election victories in the past one-and-a-half decades behind this confidence. The presidential candidate, Erdoğan, remains the biggest draw for the government, and the well-oiled campaign mechanism of the ruling party is ready to pick up speed.
"Erdoğan is a political actor that is well connected with the voters and is able to project their choices. This is what has given him leverage and confidence against his rivals," İbrahim Uslu, the president of ANAR Research Company, says. Erdoğan announced the June 24 snap parliamentary and presidential elections last week, following the call by MHP Chairman Devlet Bahçeli to hold elections ahead of schedule, initially planned for November 2019. The opposition had interpreted the move as a problem for the government, indicating that the government's popularity was in decline. Uslu says, however, that Erdoğan is a "rational politician" that respects intraparty mechanisms in decision-making processes, rather than reaching conclusions right away.
"In fact, there is an upward surge in support for Erdoğan and the government. The decision to hold elections is made to maintain and maximize their advantage," Uslu said.
The AK Party has won every election since its formation in 2001. The party so far has participated in five general elections, in 2002, 2007, 2011, June 2015 and the November 2015 snap elections, winning 34.3 percent, 46.6 percent, 49.8 percent, 40.9 percent and 49.5 percent of the vote, respectively, and coming in first in three municipal elections in 2004, 2009 and 2014, with 41.7 percent, 38.4 percent and 42.9 percent, respectively.
In 2014, Erdoğan had resigned from party membership as he geared up for the presidential elections, which he came out as the winner with about 52 percent of the votes from the people. However, after constitutional changes were approved in the April 16 referendum last year, the president re-applied for membership to the AK Party, and he was re-elected as party chairman on May 21 last year.
Adil Gür, the head of the A&G Research Center, says Erdoğan capitalizes on several factors, which give him a solid confidence in the race in the run up to the presidential elections. Gür says polls conducted by AK Party months in advance, the close electoral base of AK Party-MHP, and also the lack of unity among opposition is what makes Erdoğan believe that he will win the presidential elections.
"First of all, Erdoğan and the AK Party were aware of the survey results for a while now, and consider them to be to their advantage. Otherwise, they would not just say 'yes' to snap elections," Gür said.
He also added that the AK Party and MHP are not ideologically distant parties, when compared with the opposition bloc, which consists of the secularist Republican People's Party (CHP), the far-right Good Party (İP) and the conservative Islamist Felicity Party (SP).
ALLIANCE OF SECULARISTS, ISLAMISTS AND FAR-RIGHT
Meanwhile, THE confusion among the opposition becomes clearer every passing day. The CHP Chairman Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu remains adamant about not putting himself forward as a presidential candidate while blocking other party members from doing so. The secret negotiations with the far-right İP culminated in the CHP just handing over 15 deputies over the weekend to allow the İP to create a 20-strong parliamentary group. It allowed İP Chairwoman Meral Akşener the opportunity to run for president.
Gür said the electorate saw the İP entering the elections with the CHP's help. "Those AK party voters that may consider switching their support to the İP would refuse to do so after seeing what happened."
"Currently there is a weird scenario," Erdoğan said yesterday during AK Party's weekly group meeting at the Parliament, referring to the transfer of deputies from CHP to İP. He also mentioned the evident unwillingness of the former CHP deputies for not switching to the seats at the aisle allocated to the İP. "Why were the 15 deputies not sitting in the seats of İP?" he asked.
News reports have also been giving the impression that a third opposition party, conservative Islamist SP, is playing a key role in creating an anti-Erdoğan opposition alliance among ideologically disparate political movements.
Reports also point to former president, Abdullah Gül, as a possible candidate for the joint opposition alliance. Gül served as a prime minister and foreign minister from the AK Party before being put forward by Erdoğan, who referred to him as "my brother Gül," as a presidential candidate. Despite considerable CHP opposition, Gül became the president in 2007. He had to resign as a party member after assuming the post, which had to be seen as being above politics. Since being replaced by Erdoğan in 2014, Gül hasn't rejoined the AK Party.
Rumors in Ankara claim that the SP is in negotiations with the CHP and the İP to persuade them to accept Gül as a joint candidate of an opposition alliance.
Erdoğan responded to a question by reporters on Gül's candidacy, saying, "I'm not concerned about it."
Meanwhile, leftist groups within the CHP are opposed to their party supporting anyone outside their movement.
CHP İzmir Deputy Selin Sayek Böke voiced opposition to rumors about Gül's joint candidacy in a tweet on Monday. "We had shared our opinion months ago, let's repeat it. Gül, who had played a leading role in destruction of democracy, will not be the candidate of our party," she wrote.
Despite lagging behind AK Party/MHP, in such a complicated and confusing environment, opposition parties naturally find it hard to proceed to launch their campaigns.
A&R Research Center head Gür said the parties in the opposition bloc, despite having a common stance of being anti-Erdoğan, "are ideologically distant from each other," which makes it difficult for them to act strategically. "Even if they agree to act together, making compromises while appealing to their electoral bases will be very difficult," he said.
“Fearless Girl” was meant to be up for only one week, and had it remained so, it may not have given rise to so much protest and analysis about what such a sculpture means for feminism, public art, and Wall Street. Those a big topic for one sculpture to take on, but if Fearless Girl ends up staying for good, it will be because she's raised questions about female empowerment and representation well beyond Wall Street.
: India's net exports are not doing well even as the global economy is on the recovery path, Bibek Debroy, the head of Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister (EAC-PM) and Niti Aayog Member, said on Monday.Debroy further highlighted that India is facing a dilemma from the point of view of pushing exports, as exporters would like exchange rate to depreciate, however exchange rate might not depreciate as much as exporters want because of capital inflows."Net exports are not doing well. During high growth years, net exports performed much better ... That world economy has not been doing that bad," he said at an event organised by industry body FICCI.Debroy also noted that ideally the central bank should intervene in the market but intervention by the RBI in the market is not without its cost side.Exports grew by 4.5 per cent in February, the lowest expansion in the last four months, to USD 25.8 billion as shipments of engineering, textiles and gems and jewellery declined while trade deficit narrowed to a five-month low of USD 12 billion.Stating that India's position has been that the country is in favour of multilateral trading system, the chairman of EAC-PM insisted as long as India's import duties are below the bound rates, it can increase import duties.Debroy said that some of India's tariff rates are misaligned and the country has signed plethora of free trade agreements.Noting that traditionally, Commerce Ministry and Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) have worked in silos, he said, "this is first time, they have started working together."Debroy said that India's trade prospects will depend on the efforts being made to improve logistics, integrate investments in the global supply-chain, improve the business environment and develop infrastructure.The reforms being ushered by Prime Minister Narendra Modi are fundamental in nature and will require time to bear fruit in terms of improvements in GDP and productivity, he said, adding that the mantra, therefore is 'You fix India and trade will fix itself'.
You probably know Kia as ‘that brand with the long warranty'. Its seven-year guarantee has made it popular with buyers looking for peace of mind rather than a good time, while its range of SUVs and family cars are big on value but low on thrills.
Things are changing at Kia, though. First there was the surprisingly accomplished Kia Pro_cee'd GT hot hatch, then the company poached BMW M Division's Albert Biermann. The German has been hard at work over the last couple of years working on the i30 N from sister firm Hyundai and now this, the Kia Stinger.
Home | Direct | Dashboard | About us
Unless otherwise noted our website is using photographs from FreeDigitalPhotos.net and Wikipedia under their respective licenses
Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
ADVERTISEMENT
As we grow older, our looks begin to change in various ways. For 41-year-old mother Shimmi Munshi though, she claims that she hasn't aged in more than 20 years. However, as a result of that, the people around her often confuse her 20-year-old son for her boyfriend.
A resident of Bolton, England, Shimmi was 20 when she gave birth to her son Ameen, raising him as a single mother. Although that particular job brings with it many stresses and strains, she also faced another tough challenge in the form of a debilitating medical condition.
ADVERTISEMENT
Indeed, Shimmi suffers from a chronic ailment called gastroparesis, which means her stomach doesn't empty itself like it should. As a result of that, food passes through her body much more slowly, causing several potential issues. The symptoms can include vomiting, weight loss, abdominal pain, heartburn, bloating and feeling nauseous.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
A Santa Clara County judge has dismissed a rape charge against former San Francisco 49er Ray McDonald after prosecutors said the woman who made the allegation refused to testify.
Judge David A. Cena dismissed the charge — one count of rape of an intoxicated person — on Monday. Santa Clara County prosecutor Chris Lamiero said in a statement he tried to convince the victim to testify, but she refused.
The woman said she slipped and fell on a pool deck at McDonald's San Jose home in December 2014 and continued to fall down after that because of her initial head injury and alcohol consumption. She accused McDonald of carrying her upstairs to his bedroom and sexually assaulting her. McDonald faced a maximum of eight years in prison.
Jamie Foxx is set to play comicbook anti-hero Spawn in the forthcoming big screen adaptation.
Foxx had been rumoured for the role last year, after news broke of the plans to bring the Todd McFarlane-created character to the movies.
But now, according to The Hollywood Reporter, it's official.
Foxx will play Al Simmons, a former black op operative for the CIA who is betrayed and murdered, and whose soul is then sent to hell to atone for the innocent people he killed.
In exchange for his soul, a demon allows him to return to earth to see his wife once again, but he finds that the world has moved on, and he's now a superpowered ‘Hellspawn', and caught in a war between heaven and hell.
(Credit: Image Comics) More
The comic series was a worldwide hit for McFarlane, the first issue selling nearly two million copies on its release in 1992.
Luminaries like Alan Moore, Grant Morrison and Neil Gaiman would later write stories in the series.
McFarlane will helm the movie as his directorial debut, telling THR: “I will be directing my first full-length feature, and I fully understand the need to surround myself with as much skill, talent and passion as possible.
(Credit: Deadline) More
“To now have an Academy Award-winning actor like Jamie Foxx, along with the dedication of Blumhouse Productions, will not only make my directing job that much easier, but, more importantly, will bring a level of quality and star power that most first-time directors could only foolishly dream of.”
Producer Jason Blum added: “[Foxx] is an incredible actor and a huge fan of the Spawn Universe that Todd McFarlane created. With the depth of talent Jamie can commit to the role and Todd at the helm bringing the world of Spawn to life, we could not be more excited about this film.”
The character has previously been brought to the big screen, in a 1997 adaptation starring Michael Jai White, John Leguizamo and Martin Sheen.
Sadly, it was panned by critics, and bombed at the box office, with a later sequel being shelved.
Read more
Sesame Street suing over R-rated comedy
Roseanne fans want Dan and Jackie spin-off
Andrew Lincoln to ‘leave The Walking Dead'
As the top 16 clubs in Europe with bated breath to find their opponents in the Champions League draw in Nyon, three European powerhouses will be conspicuous with their absence. Last season's beaten semi-finalists Atletico Madrid and AS Monaco find themselves dumped out of Europe's premier footballing competition along with German giants Borussia Dortmund. Everybody's favourite underdogs were out without putting up a fight.
At the time of Bayern Munich's sacking of Carlo Ancelotti, rivals Dortmund were unbeaten in the Bundesliga and had opened a 5 point lead over the Bavarians and despite losing to Tottenham Hotspur and Real Madrid in their Champions League matches, were still in contention to progress through to the knockout stage.
Cut to two months later, Dortmund sacked manager Peter Bosz after their 2-1 loss to Werder Bremen at home. Dortmund, who have been one of the most liked clubs for their footballing philosophy and their underdog status in the Bayern-dominated Bundesliga, also find themselves out of the Champions League after failing to win a single match in the group stages. Dortmund even failed to beat minnows APOEL Nicosia and only piped the Cypriot side to the Europa League courtesy of a better goal difference.
That defeat to Bremen has left them 8th in the league table and 13 points adrift of leaders Bayern. Dortmund have won only once in their 13 matches. That win was against lower league side FC Magdeburg in the German Cup 2nd round match.
Dortmund, under former manager Jurgen Klopp, perfected gegenpressing, the tactic of pressing opponents high up the pitch and which lead to destructive counter attacks. During Klopp's time at the club, the German had a core group of players like Mats Hummels, Robert Lewandowski and Mario Gotze around which he built his system. Crucial to his tactics were the centre-back pairing of Hummels and Nevan Subotic who were quick to close down on opposition forwards and recycle the ball to set up counter attacks.
However, with Hummels departing the club, Dortmund have lost their solidity at the back. Subotic isn't the same player he was after coming back from a lengthy injury layoff while the likes of Sokratis, Marc Bartra and summer signing Omar Toprak have been inconsistent in defence.
In attack, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been Dortmund's main attacking threat with the Gabonese striker scoring 20 of Dortmund's 53 goals this season. Though Christain Pulisic has been BVB's playmaker in chief, the American whizkid has not been among the goals this season for Dortmund. The stormy departure of Dortmund's standout player of last season, Ousmane Dembele to Barcelona, has largely curtailed BVB's attacking threat. The purchases of Andriy Yarmolenko and Maximilian Philipp hasn't filled the void left by Dembele's exit.
With Peter Stoger appointed as coach, it is to be seen whether the former FC Cologne manager can turn Dortmund's season around with a young and talented squad at his disposal.
If Dortmund lost a crucial first team member in Dembele, Ligue 1 champions Monaco saw four important members of their title-winning squad leave in the summer. Kylian Mbappe, Bernardo Silva, Benjamin Mendy and Tiemoue Bakayoko formed the core of Monaco's side last season where they pipped Paris Saint-Germain to the title and beat Manchester City in the Champions League on their way to the semi-finals. They also bade farewell to 'keeper Morgan de Sanctis who retired at the end of the season.
Despite this, Monaco had the quality in their squad to navigate through a group comprising of Besiktas, Porto and debutants RB Leipzig. However, the French champions could only muster two points and finished at the bottom of their group.
Unlike Dortmund, Monaco have invested their money in young and upcoming players like Youri Tielemans, Keita Balde, Terence Kongolo and Jordi Mboula while bringing in Stevan Jovetic to share the attacking workload with skipper Radamel Falcao. With no European distractions, Leonardo Jardim can challenge PSG for the domestic honours while working on his young squad.
Perhaps the most surprising exits of all, Atletico Madrid were favourites to progress through from their group consisting of Chelsea, AS Roma and Qarabag, perhaps even topping it. However, ageing players coupled with a transfer ban and a move from their fortress Vicente Calderon to the Wanda Metropolitano meant that the two-time losing finalists could only manage a third-place finish and a spot in the Europa League.
After rejoining Atletico from Chelsea, Diego Costa watched from the stands as his old side snatched a win from the last kick of the match in their first home game. They followed it up with two draws against Qarabag and even though they won against Roma, they couldn't salvage their Champions League campaign.
Atletico, as always, were sturdy at the back but it was their attack that let them down. Antoine Griezmann often had to carry the Atletico attack on his own with the likes of Saul Niguez, Koke, Yannick Ferreira Carrasco, Kevin Gameiro and Fernando Torres letting Simeone down in crucial matches.
Simeone also hasn't been able to phase out his old guard for young blood and it has hurt his team. Three of his defensive mainstays — Diego Godin, Filipe Luis and Juanfran — are above 32 while captain Gabi is 34. Club legend Torres is 33 and is not as prolific as the Torres of Chelsea, let alone of Liverpool.
While Monaco will have no further part to play in Europe this season, Dortmund and Atletico will battle it out in the Europa league. Dortmund have drawn Italian side Atalanta, who knocked out Everton in the group stages while Atletico Madrid will face off against FC Copenhagen. Despite being Europe's second-tier competition, the Europa league have a lot of string teams like Arsenal, Napoli, Celtic, Lyon, Zenit and a resurgent AC Milan, Dortmund and Atletico can still end their European campaign on a high.
One of the reasons cited for Atletico's struggles has been their move to the Wanda Metropolitano and their struggle with adapting to their new environs. Simeone began his coaching career at Atletico by winning the Europa League in 2011-12 and he can now herald the dawn of a new era at the Wanda Matropolitano in similar style.
Over the past few years, the old language of “customer support” has been supplanted by the new language of “customer success.” In the old model, companies would essentially disappear following the conclusion of a sale, merely handling customer problems when they arose. Now, companies are actively reaching out to customers, engaging them with education and training and monitoring them with analytics to ensure they have the best time with the product as possible.
What's changing is the nature of product and services today: subscription. Customers no longer just make a single buying decision about a product, but instead must actively commit to using the product, or else they churn.
New York-based Catalyst, founded by brothers Edward and Kevin Chiu, wants to rebuild customer success from the ground up with an integrated software platform. They have received some capital success of their own, securing $2.4 million in venture capital from Phil Black of True Ventures with participation from Ludlow Ventures and Compound.
New York has had something of an increase in founder mafias, as TechCrunch reported this weekend. Catalyst is no exception to this trend, with the Chiu brothers both working at DigitalOcean, one of New York's many high-flying enterprise startups. Edward Chiu was director of customer success at the company for a number of years, but had a unique background in sales and also in coding before starting.
Kevin Chiu was head of inside sales at DigitalOcean . “I brought my brother on to do sales at DigitalOcean,” Edward Chiu explains. “We always knew that we wanted to start a company together, but wanted to see if we would kill each other.” The two worked together, and lo and behold, they didn't kill each other.
Edward Chiu wanted to match the product experience of using DigitalOcean with the experience of using its internal customer success tools. Nothing on the market fit. “Given that DigitalOcean was a very technical product,” Chiu explained, “we decided to build our own tool.” Chiu thought of customer success at DigitalOcean as its own product, and his team built up the platform to improve its functionality and scalability. “We just used the tool and we loved it,” he said, so we “started to show this tool to a bunch of other customer success leaders I am connected with.”
Other customer success leaders said they wanted the platform, and “after the 20th person told me that,” he and his brother spun out of DigitalOcean to go on their own. Unlike enterprise startups in New York a couple of years ago who often struggled to find any investors, Catalyst found cash quickly. “Two weeks in we had more offers than we knew what to do with,” Chiu explained. The two said they had originally targeted a fundraised of $750,000, but ended up at $2.4 million.
Catalyst is a platform that integrates between a number of other major SaaS services such as Salesforce, Zendesk, Mixpanel and others to create a unified dashboard for data around customer success. From there, customer success managers have a set of automated tools to handle engagement, such as customer segmentation and email campaigns.
A major challenge in the customer success world is that these managers often don't have the skills required to do advanced data analytics, so they often rely on their friends in engineering to run scripts or perform database lookups. The hope is that Catalyst's feature set is powerful enough that these sorts of ad-hoc tasks become a thing of the past. “Because we aggregate all this data, you can run queries,” Chiu explains.
Chiu says that Catalyst doesn't just want to be a software platform, but rather a movement that pushes every company to think about how they can make their customers successful. “There are so many companies that are starting to understand that it is not something that you do once you raise a Series A, but something you do from day one,” Chiu said. “If you take care of your very first customer, they will constantly promote you and constantly promote your business.”
The company is based in Flatiron, and has eight employees.
Columnist Mike Smyth writes about the NDP government's speculation tax on real estate.
The NDP's “speculation tax” on real estate is really nothing of the sort when you consider who's getting whacked with the new tax — and who isn't.
Premier John Horgan promised during last year's election to crack down on foreign property flippers who use the real-estate market like their own personal Monopoly game.
The NDP's solution: A two-per-cent annual tax on properties purchased by buyers who do not pay income tax in the province, with the money used to build affordable housing for people who actually live and work here.
But the tax unveiled in the February budget goes after owners of empty homes, including vacation properties owned by British Columbians who pay income tax here.
How is someone who owns a cabin on a lake suddenly deemed to be a “property speculator” in the eyes of the government?
Horgan himself said the government wouldn't target such people.
“If you have a home in Vancouver and a home in Penticton that you visit in the summer or to ski in the winter, that would not fall in with the out-of-province speculation tax,” Horgan said.
But the government is going after vacation properties, despite what Horgan said, sparking anger from owners who feel double-crossed.
“I inherited a cabin on a Gulf Island from my parents that we visit in the summer because you wouldn't want to go there is the winter — it has no insulation,” a reader emailed me last week.
The tax does not apply if the secondary property is rented out full-time, but that's not always possible.
“I wouldn't be able to rent it out unless I spent a fortune to properly winterize it,” the reader said. “And I don't want to rent it anyway. But now I'm a ‘speculator' because my dad bought a cabin 30 years ago.”
Finance Minister Carole James explained the tax is designed to encourage people to rent homes out, rather than let them sit empty in low-vacancy rental markets.
But, if that's case, why has the government only imposed the tax in certain regional districts including Metro Vancouver, Fraser Valley, Victoria, Kelowna, Kamloops and Nanaimo?
The tax does not apply in Whistler, which is full of vacation properties bought by rich absentee owners in a community struggling with a rental shortage.
James said the government is reviewing the tax and may announce changes by the fall, as Liberal Leader Andrew Wilkinson vows to fight the NDP's “cabin tax.”
“It does nothing to curb real-estate speculation. Instead, it unfairly penalizes B.C. residents,” Wilkinson wrote in a fundraising pitch to Liberal members.
I suspect James will amend this broken-promise tax. But, in the meantime, I think the New Democrats are enjoying the spectacle of the Liberals defending the interests of those wealthy or fortunate enough to own vacation properties.
twitter.com/MikeSmythNews
msmyth@postmedia.com
Share:
MUZAFFARGARH: All candidates should follow the code of conduct of Election Commission of Pakistan [ECP] for free and fair election in the district. This was stated by Muzaffargarh Deputy Commissioner [DC] Qasir Saleem during a meeting with candidates at District Council Hall on Tuesday. "It is our responsibility to adhere to the law," the DC said. DPO Faisal Shehzad, Additional Deputy Commissioner Finance and Planning Dr Saifullah Bhatti also attended the meeting.
The DC said that wall chalking was banned according to the law of the ECP. He added that banners, pamphlets, and banners' size for election campaign should be in accordance with the law. "To avoid any kind of mismanagement, all candidates should get permission for corner meetings and conferences so that they could be provided security," the DC said. "If an official or a UC chairman violates law, people should give us a written complaint with evidence. We'll take action against him," he added. He said that for a solution to every problem, assistant commissioner had appointed a focal person in every tehsil and two monitoring officers had been appointed at every PP level. "They will act against any illegal activity," he said.
DPO Faisal Shehzad said that the first and foremost priority of district police was to ensure holding of transparent elections. "For the purpose, police will utilise all available resources," he added. He vowed to provide foolproof security at polling stations. He said that police would be flanked by Pak Army and Rangers personnel. He urged people to contact police in case of any complaint.
Divine's Decision
Nothing happens in life without a purpose, Divine has its own plans, it is simply we fail to see them as we already have our set priorities, that sometimes others set for us or we have them planned while being under the influence of our experiences and environment.
Opting for the United Kingdom for higher studies was mainly because the research project that was offered to me to work on was an unexplored area of Science and I love to reveal the unstudied area of knowledge.
No matter how impressive the studies are, if while pursuing them, we do not learn to manage our life well and keep a balance between personal life and professional life, we can never stay happy whereas company matters. It is best to be among better human beings better to be alone than having bad company as such fellow beings can infuse nothing but negativity and unacceptability. The key to success and happiness is put your best to sustain connectivity while being positive.
It took me more a decade to learn wisdom, that helped me to do better Quality Science while spending a Happy Life Alhumdo Allah.
People present very different response while we are at homeland but once we go abroad life reality starts revealing. It was 6th September 2003 when I flew to the United Kingdom for pursuing higher studies. Since the money for my subsistence was to be sent later, so I took along with me my savings in form of foreign currency notes ( around two hundred dollars) within the permissible limit. On-airport in UK on feeling hunger, I bought an apple, the shopkeeper gave me change in form of small value coins. On starting the session, we students shifted to residence halls temporary to get familiar with upcoming University Life and get prepared for challenges to meet comfortably leading to success. I love interacting with good people and it was a good experience meeting so many people under one roof. I still remember when I met our Pakistani Batch Mates, my opinion was we could never be good friends as there was an obvious incompatibility among personalities but divine's decision was very different that I was unaware at that time. I was carrying huge luggage that was impossible for me to shift it alone to residence hall where we were supposed stay for whole session and I was all helpless.
I prefer not to disclose the name for privacy matter but he was the same guy for whom I was sure in our first meeting that we can never be good friend rather even friend who helped me to find a shared transport to carry the stuff to the hall.
I spent most of my life in Karachi that s a warm place whereas UK is comparatively cold place for me to live. I am extremely bad in remembering routes, whereas in most of the international travelling I was accompanied with officials to help me in doing the necessary shopping and for other outdoor activities.
Though it was September those days but weather was cold for me. On shifting in residence hall, I requested our Pakistani Batch Mates to plan a trip together to the market so we can buy the stuff we need. They all promised and all disappeared except the one, very likely because he also believes in keeping words. Our concern was food and my individual concern was warm clothes and money. I had very little amount of money to survive until the end the PhD all at my own while supporting the family back at home as well. At that time our concern was what quantity of food should be purchased. I knew cooking but what quantity of ingredients are needed for cooking food for a given span of time was something I was unaware at that time and so was he. However we bought basic ingredients for cooking for which he paid but my prime concern was to buy duvet and its cost as it was cold for me those days. He took me to a cheaper shopping supermarket, I picked the duvet set but the main problem was payment. Since I only had change of 50 Pound in form of small value coins, that I got in return when I paid money for buying an apple at airport and I was not comfortable to open my wallet in front of him to count the money so I requested him to wait till I look for other things that I wanted. I went behind a stall and took out coins to count. It took me quite long to gather the coins and take out the amount of money that I needed to pay, he showed great patience did not make any complain about it. He helped me out of the way to cope with all the problems that I faced in my early days but my opinion that we can never be friends did not change, once I mentioned him straight away as well, onwards still he remained as kind as he had always been. Rather if I say I owe my life to him would not be that wrong, I am not talking in terms of any romantic affiliation that was not there at that time; within the six month of my stay in UK, I suffered from inflammation of thyroids, I became so lethargic that I slept for a few days in my room without having food. Probably he noticed my absence and came to my flat along with his friend with having some meat dish for me, She knocked the door of my flat to wake me up and we all together had meal. It is not very uncommon that abroad especially in Universities sometime students die in their rooms and others notice when decaying smell comes out. With Blessing of Allah and having meal in time, I was alive to work on the project, by then I got some indication in data leading towards among the most novel finding of this Era. My prime focus was on my research project, as due to having insufficient funding I had to get the work completed as soon as possible. Once my father while talking on phone asked me if I had any special friend. On hearing this, I became angry on Abu as for me my concern was the research project and there was no one in my life at that time. I did not realize at that time that Abu used to see dreams most of them came true, the reason for his question could be his dream as he never used to put questions on assumptions. On my return to Pakistan on Vacations On completing my first year of study, I could not ask abu about his question whether it was out of his dream or anything else as he became ill on my arrival and was hospitalized on very next morning. So far I did three most difficult promises of my life. The one was father took promise on his death bed that I would return to UK on the end of the vacations to complete my studies, take care of my siblings invest to promote friendship and never break the relations and relationship. Coming back to UK just after two weeks of Abu s death was extremely difficult for me but I have been brought up to keep words so with Blessing of Allah I managed to do so somehow. My University was away from London, on return to UK after Abu s death on end of vacations, I tried to contact people if anyone could offer me a short stay so that I could take transport at safer hours to my place but on not getting in touch with anyone I contacted him to ask if it was safe to travel at late hours by local transport and he said that I could travel. Again as always it was only he who was there for me to offer help in my time of need. Could I call this type of interaction a friendship but may be not as friendship is never need based.
Soon my research project made excellent progress and we were able to reveal most novel finding of this Era. However, my status of award of degree could not be upgraded to PhD and I end up making another very difficult promise. This time my research teacher took promise from me and that was to write the thesis under his supervision and submit it to the University whereas I was in opinion to write a paper instead. Since the work was novel, I got many offers to submit the work elsewhere under supervision of other Research Teachers to be awarded PhD degree but since I have a habit to keep words I could not make my mind to do professional dishonesty.
After finishing my initial write up for research degree, I started paying farewell visits. It was sometimes in August 2005 probably 8 August I am not sure as I cannot remember dates when I called him to visit his place. On my return from lab, we used to have tea together as I love to drink tea prepared by him, since then I do not like the taste of the tea prepared by anyone else. I drink coffee
That day, he prepared tea for me only. On my return he guided me to the bus stop where he took most difficult promise of my life that I would never like to disclose it to anyone else.
That year 14 August Pakistan Independence Day fell on Sunday and we all Pakistani Students celebrated it together on University ground and I saw him last time on 4th October, the Eid Day and said bye to him.
My opinion did not change we can never be friends as we are two entirely different personalities, one being very slow whereas other is too fast to understand.
More than a decade has passed I live in the same city where he is a visiting Professor but I never tried to meet him though I wish to do so merely because of the words I have given him.
During the last one decade, the progress of Science in my area of expertise is proven to be obsolete since my stance on the data present in my M.Phil thesis indicating the most novel finding of this Era is being under review.
At the time of submission of my M Phil thesis, I did not sign the documents necessary for transfer of rights on my work merely because my stance on the basis of my understanding on my data was different from others since I was not allowed to write a paper so that was the only possible way to inform the Global Research Community that a new horizon in Knowledge in Our Area of Expertise is revealed.
It took my efforts and a struggle extended over a period of more than a decade to make Global Researcher Community realize that ground reality on knowledge in our area is different than their conceived understanding on data.
I expect that sooner or later Science would acquire the correct direction for further investigation in our area of expertise and my part of the job as a professionally honest and committed researcher is done but the question remains where would the two most difficult (PERSONAL) promises of my life lead me.
One more thing, I used to be short tampered before going to UK but since the greatest misery of my Life took place when I shouted on phone I really do not know how to be angry… This anger of mine took soul out of my Life that s all what I can say.
I am absolutely bad in remembering dates but it took more than one decade to decide to make life wonderful and meaningful. We must get together for an everlasting relationship, even in Jannah.
The writer is associated with the Profession of Teaching and Research with having inclination towards exploring the Features of Nature while enjoying Food with Families and Friends. She is a Assistant Professor at Department of Food Science and Technology in University of Karachi, Pakistan.
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
Happy new year, even if you don't think it's a big deal! One can't deny that the idea of a fresh start is quite appealing—the thought that you can leave the past behind a little and try to do things differently in the new year. Us People of the East don't really believe in fresh starts or forgetting, so it's tricky for us to just wildly fling ourselves onto new leaves and blank slates and other fresh hells, but you can't blame some of us for trying.
Let's try making some resolutions for this new year, as a collective. Let's start with not calling each other and their aunt a kaafir. What's up with how touchy everyone is? Mobs burn down places of worship just because they can? Someone says Merry Christmas and now there's a fatwa on his head? Can we just leave everyone alone to figure out their relationship with God and do the same for ourselves, eat some barfi and tolerate each other? It's turning into the Salem witch hunts here and doesn't suit us descendants of Mohammad bin Qasim to act like nervous early-settler Americans.
Another resolution I'd really like to make is to regulate Desi Instagram. People around the world take photos of their nice food, their nice abs, their nice art and craft. Pakistanis take pictures of themselves at weddings. Then they plonk on some tiresome, unpoetic hashtag that sounds like a dog coughing and for the next month your feed is flooded with orange-and-red lighted mehndi photos of people wearing their entire jahez and pretending they're just really happy for you and not just desperate to wear all those clothes even if they look like the bride. What happened to discretion and restraint? The glorious noughties when one wore either the big earrings or the big necklace, but never both together unless you were family (i.e allowed to go overboard in your sartorial expression of happiness)? Maybe they are figments of my grumpy old lady imagination, clouded by my jealousy at not having two-ton lehngas, or the abs to go with. Can't we cultivate ourselves a little more and go beyond the clothes? Can't we spend time and money on things that sometimes improve our minds and not always our vanity?
Another resolution is joyous support of all the young and clever entrepreneurial efforts popping up. Here's to the cake-bakers, the soap-makers, the shoe-painters, the digital whizkids, the delivery dudes, the samosa-reinventers—even the endless clothes makers. Here's to all of you being enterprising, using your creativity to make some money and make people happy. We need the artists and the dreamers, but we also need the do-ers. The entrepreneur of today can be both, and if this country is ever going to go anywhere good it's going to be when we all get on our feet and use the education and resources we are lucky enough to possess to make a difference. All work can't be philanthropic, granted. But when you create jobs, you're giving back. When you become a positive example, you're inspiring someone else to follow your lead. There's so much to be done, and nobody else can do it but us. Time to seize the day, the opportunity and the giddy impulse to just go for it. Buy local, readers! Let's show some love.
And while we're on the subject of love, let's get really, really serious about the children this year. Let's lobby, let's agitate, let's fight for all of them—the little girls being beaten viciously by employers, the sad-eyed girls and boys enslaved at bhattas, the beggars, the children in your homes and the ones outside of them. We tiptoe around each other's children because we're afraid of offending, but this is not about judgmentally telling someone off for letting their child eat McDonald's. All too often people feel perfectly brave being interfering and petty, but when it comes to something really serious everyone suddenly remembers their propriety. If you see something that you don't feel comfortable with, you must speak up—whether it's a driver at the school gate being a little too handsy or a parent screaming uncontrollably at a child in an upscale department store. Too much has happened to too many children in this country this past year and we are past pretending it isn't our place to speak. If we don't protect the other children, remember that yours are watching you, and they will learn that they aren't important. That children are invisible and adults cannot be trusted to protect them. This year, listen to your children when they speak. Keep your eyes open for other children. And be brave, because there are too many children with nobody to speak for them. Refuse to be voiceless.
So there is it, happy readers. A manifesto to be kinder, braver, more tolerant and less superficial this year. Here's to hope, to hard work and to self-determination this 2017. Pakistan zindabad, and Pakistanis zindabad!
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices rose Monday, reversing earlier declines, after a North Sea pipeline shut for repairs and investors focused on commodities following an explosion in New York.
A gas station attendant pumps fuel into a customer's car at a gas station in Shanghai, China November 17, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song/Files
Brent crude futures were up $1.20, or nearly 2 percent, at $64.60 by 12:22 p.m. EST (1722 GMT).
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were at $57.87 a barrel, 51 cents or 0.9 percent above their last settlement.
The difference between the two benchmarks was the largest since late October, as Brent rallied after the shutdown of the pipeline that carries the largest grade of North Sea crude oil.
The pipeline, which can carry 450,000 barrels per day of Forties crude from the North Sea to the Kinneil processing terminal in Scotland, has been operating at reduced capacity for about four days before the shutdown.
“It is a supply concern not only because the pipeline transports a significant portion of North Sea crude oil output, but also because it may take weeks before the issue is resolved,” said Abhishek Kumar, Senior Energy Analyst at Interfax Energy's Global Gas Analytics in London
The market had expected the pipeline to return to service quickly and was surprised by the extended shutdown, said John Kilduff, partner at Again Capital LLC in New York.
“It's a significant amount of crude oil in a market that has been the tightest for crude oil,” Kilduff said.
Earlier in the session, both benchmarks popped higher after an explosion rocked New York's Port Authority Bus Terminal, one of the city's busiest commuter hubs.
Investors tend to head for hard-asset commodity markets like gold and silver during high-risk events, and oil can also attract investment, Kilduff said.
Brent and WTI have gained well over a third from 2017 lows, drawing support from a cut in production by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and a group of non-OPEC producers, including Russia, which has been in place since the start of the year.
During the weekend, Kuwait's oil minister suggested that an exit from the supply-cut agreement would be studied before June.
The United Arab Emirates' energy minister said on Monday that OPEC plans to announce in June an exit strategy from the cuts, though he added it did not mean the pact would end by then.
Gains from the cuts could also be undermined by rising output from the United States, which is not participating in the deal to withhold production.
The number of rigs drilling for new oil output in the United States last week rose by two to 751, the highest since September, energy services company Baker Hughes said on Friday.
“The largest concern for investors currently remains the rise in the U.S. rig count,” said Shane Chanel, equities and derivatives adviser at ASR Wealth Advisers.
A higher rig count points to a further rise in U.S. crude production, which is already up more than 15 percent since mid-2016 at 9.71 million barrels per day. That is the highest since the early 1970s, and close to the output levels of top producers Russia and Saudi Arabia.
The pair were committed to making the most of their time together. Picture: JustGiving
The pair were committed to making the most of their time together. Picture: JustGiving
A WOMAN whose fiance died the day before their wedding was stunned when she received a touching gift from beyond the grave.
Danielle Cumberworth and her "best friend" Ashley Grant-Smith, who died from a rare blood cancer in October, had their wedding bands sorted for the big day.
Danielle and Ashley during his chemo therapy. Picture: JustGiving
But it wasn't until two months after Ashley died, aged just 27, that she received a beautiful, bespoke diamond engagement ring he had made for her.
She got home one day to find a note for a missed parcel and went to the local sorting office to find out what it was.
Danielle was there with Ashley every step of the way through his illness. Picture: JustGiving
"I opened it up in the car in the car park and it was an engagement ring from Ashley," Danielle told the Leicester Mercury. "It was total surprise.
"I didn't cry, I laughed … He had not told me about it at all. It is a beautiful diamond ring in white gold.
Months after Ashley died, Danielle received this bespoke diamond engagement ring in the post.
"The ring had taken months to get to me because he had it specially made to his own design. I will treasure it forever - and our wedding rings that were never used."
Danielle was at Leicester Register Office signing wedding papers when Ashley passed away after a two-year battle with an incurable cancer.
The pair tried to retain a sense of humour throughout Ashley's treatment. Picture: JustGiving
"I knew Ashley had had a rough night, but I had to go to get into town to get the go-ahead for the wedding the next day [on October 10]."
When she got a call from his dad to get home as soon as possible, she knew her beloved fiance had passed away.
Danielle was by Ashley's side all the way. Picture: JustGiving
Danielle, from Kent in the UK, met Ashley while they were holidaying separately in Crete back in 2015.
He showed her a small lump on his back but brushed it off as nothing serious, saying he was taking antibiotics for it.
Ashley and Danielle connected while on holiday in Crete. Picture: JustGiving
With Ashley living and working in London, the pair stayed in touch when they got back and were soon an item.
In April 2016, when the lump had gotten considerably bigger, doctors told him he had a rare blood disease known as peripheral T-cell lymphoma.
Danielle and Ashley were due to marry the day after he passed away. Picture: JustGiving
Ashley, a football sponsorship accounts manager, moved into Danielle's flat and endured 18 chemotherapy sessions over the next few months.
Tests in September 2017 revealed his cancer was terminal.
Sadly, Ashley lost his battle with the disease. Picture: JustGiving
Hundreds of mourners came to pay their respects to Ashley at his funeral and wake, held at his beloved Leicester City Football Club's ground.
This article originally appeared on The Sun and is republished with permission.
The family of a peace officer violently killed while investigating a dog complaint nearly five years ago says changes have to be made to prevent similar deaths from happening in the future.
In August, 2012, Rod Lazenby, 62, was strangled by a man who was later deemed not criminally responsible due to a mental disorder. It happened in the Municipal District of Foothills south of Calgary.
READ MORE: Inquiry looking into Alberta peace officer's 2012 death set to begin
The family was attending a fatality inquiry examining the circumstances surrounding the retired Mountie's death this week.
“What we don't want is another fatality to happen before people actually pay attention,” said Robyn Halbert, sister of Rod Lazenby, outside the courtroom.
“We knew it was important to Rod to protect his fellow peace officers, so you have to have something good come out of a fatality.”
READ MORE: Alberta man found not guilty in peace officer's death
The inquiry heard how the M.D. of Foothills, which employed Lazenby, made sweeping changes to its policies and procedures concerning officer safety in the wake of his death.
Watch below from June 12: A fatality inquiry into the death of RCMP Peace Officer Rod Lazenby is examining the circumstances surrounding the August 2012 incident and exploring possible changes to policies and procedures that would improve officer safety.
Some changes included better training, communications, and a requirement that officers cannot attend to rural locations for investigations or enforcement alone.
“We've tried to go over and above the base minimum requirements of the program to make sure that our officers are as safe as possible in the field,” said Darlene Roblin, protective services coordinator for the M.D. of Foothills.
READ MORE: Man thought dead bylaw officer was stealing dogs
Roblin added they're willing to share their experience.
“We want people to learn from what happened to us, to make these changes proactively, and not wait for another tragedy to happen before people look at making the changes that we've implemented, and I think in doing so we honour Rod's memory.”
Provincial Court Judge Bruce Fraser will likely take months producing a report containing possible recommendations to improve officer safety.
The Lazenby family would like to see other municipalities in the province adopt similar recommendations implemented by the M.D. of Foothills.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The organisation behind the failed bid to take Alfie Evans to Italy says its aim is to introduce a "Christian voice" into law, the media and government.
Christian Concern has strong views on issues including abortion, adoption, marriage and end of life.
On its website it says: "We want to work to infuse a biblical worldview into every aspect of society.
"We want to be a strong Christian voice in the public sphere.
"We seek to highlight injustice, change public opinion on issues of key importance and affect policy bat the highest levels."
To read our latest updates on the Alfie Evans case, click here.
(Image: PA)
The pro-life organisation has also supplied Alfie's family with a barrister and states: "Every human being is created in the image of God, and is therefore sacred and to be respected as valued and loved by God."
It adds: "Abortion, embryonic research, euthanasia, and assisted suicide are just some of the current ways in which human life min God's image is being devalued in society.
"We campaign for human life, particularly at its most vulnerable, to be protected in law from the point of conception until the point of natural death."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Facebook)
Because of their values, the organisation has stood by Alfie's parents' side to fight for their son.
He has an undiagnosed brain condition and doctors say it is kinder to let him die - but his parents disagree and want to take him to Rome for more treatment, and his dad Tom has even met with the Pope.
Earlier today it released a statement claiming an air ambulance is "on hand" to take Alfie to Rome where doctors are ready to care for him.
Yesterday the Italian government granted Italian citizenship to Alfie.
Andrea Williams, chief executive of Christian Concern, said this afternoon: “Alfie continues to fight for his life in an extraordinary way, as do his parents and our lawyers.
(Image: PA)
“We welcome the intervention of the Italian government and are grateful that they stand ready to take Alfie to Italy.
“A common sense approach must now be for Mr Justice Hayden to discharge all the court orders which detain Alfie and seek to end his life in Alder Hey, and give him the chance to be treated and looked after in Italy.”
She added: “It cannot be in Alfie's best interests to be left in Alder Hey where the court order is to let him die.
“Alfie's best interests would be served by allowing him to travel to Italy.
“We urge the court to allow Alfie to travel to Italy today.”
(Image: PA)
On its website, Ms Williams explained why Alfie's case is so important.
She said: "Alfie matters because he is a human being, made in God's image and with inherent dignity.
"The idea that some lives matter more than others, and that this can be decided by judges and other authorities, is abhorrent.
"Alfie is human. Just like you, your friends and your family members.
"In his particularly fragile condition, it is absolutely right that his parents, and many others, are deeply committed to protecting him.
"This is a deeply Christian impulse - to care for the most vulnerable."
Andrea Williams co-founded the organisation in 2008. She is currently CEO of Christian Concern and also the founder and operating director of Christian Legal Centre.
China's CMC Capital Partners has taken a minority stake in CAA and joined with the agency to launch CAA China, a broad-based media and entertainment venture.
CAA China aims to greatly expand the agency's activity in the areas of talent representation, film finance, TV and digital content production, and dealmaking involving sports, music, live events, and endorsements. The pact calls for CMC Capital Partners chairman Li Ruigang to join CAA's board of directors. CAA will be the majority owner of CAA China.
CAA has had a presence in China since 2005. The partnership with a powerhouse local investor is designed to open up more avenues of opportunity for CAA clients, in and outside of the world's most populous nation.
“We have had a great deal of local success in China, but this is a moment now where we have a best-in-class partner with Li Ruigang,” CAA president Richard Lovett told Variety. “Now we have a local partner who can provide access and resources and capital for our growth. Our ability to serve clients and expand into new markets” is enhanced, Lovett said.
CMC Capital Partners has a broad portfolio of media and entertainment investments in China and elsewhere, including joint ventures with Imax and Warner Bros. in film exhibition and production. CMC hopes that teaming with CAA will build up the pipeline of talent and innovation flowing into the Chinese media and entertainment marketplace overall.
“This partnership will be very significant. A lot of our companies are looking for great connections or access (to talent),” Ruigang told Variety. “In the past few years we have done projects that were a one-off or short-term deals. This is a very strategic long-term partnership. We will add a lot of resources from our two sides to work together.”
CAA's existing China team will segue to the CAA China operation, including Jonah Greenberg overseeing motion pictures, and Roeg Sutherland, co-head of CAA's global film finance and sales group, will continue to oversee film financing activity. CAA China intends to add more senior management over time, the partners said.
Lovett emphasized that CAA China's focus will be on developing content sales and business opportunities for China's domestic entertainment market as much as it will be on projects and talent that can be exported.
“We feel really fortunate to have a local partner who can help us generate more opportunities that are specifically tailored to the Chinese marketplace,” Lovett said. “We're very proud of the work we've done representing Chinese talent over the last 12 years. This partnership will accelerate opportunities for Chinese talent.”
CAA's pact with CMC Capital Partners follows the sports and entertainment venture that WME/IMG set up last June with Sequoia Capital China, Internet giant Tencent, and FountainVest Partners. It reflects the continued interest among Western media and entertainment giants in establishing a foothold in the fast-growing market.
“CAA has had a significant impact on the Chinese entertainment marketplace by enabling its clients' success over the past 12 years,” said Jim Coulter, co-founder of CAA's majority shareholder, private equity firm TPG. “We are thrilled with the company's progress and the value-creation CAA has realized for its shareholders since our investment. With CMC as a meaningfully invested partner, and continuing growth in the Chinese market, the potential for CAA China is limitless.”
(Pictured: CMC Capital Partners chairman Li Ruigang)
Los Angeles Chargers players, personnel and executives are still knee-deep in the process of their abrupt relocation from San Diego to Los Angeles.
For his part, Chargers offensive lineman Matt Slauson made no bones about the gritty business side of the NFL while on the air with XTRA1360's Nick Hardwick.
“As a player, you know the reality of moving is always there. You might get cut, you might get traded. That's just an evil that you have to deal with,” Slauson said bluntly.
The interior offensive lineman is entering just his second year with the team, making a move all the more jarring for him and his family.
“This one's been tough . . . It has been a little difficult for my family considering we just moved to San Diego,” Slauson concluded.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Country star Eric Church struggled to hold back tears in a tribute to the victims of the mass shooting at a country music festival in Las Vegas and debuted a song he wrote in their honor called "Why Not Me."
Church was a headliner at the Route 91 Harvest Festival two days before a gunman opened fire on a crowd of thousands Sunday night.
During his performance Wednesday at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville, Tennessee, Church declared: "Those were my people. Those were my fans."
The singer pointed out two seats left empty in the Opry house for Sonny Melton, of Paris, Tennessee, who died, and his wife, Heather, who survived. He said no amount of bullets can take away his memories of those fans.
See the video here:
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press.
LAHORE - A Judicial magistrate Monday extended till April 21 physical remand of a man into FIA's custody who appeared as country's first accused for allegedly making over 600,000 children' pornographic pictures and videos and selling them to foreign buyers.
Sadaat Amin,45, shared his story with The Nation, revealing how he became a pornographer and what he had been doing when the FIA took him into custody.
The accused said he stepped into the world of pornography in 2013 when Jan Lindstorm, a Norwegian man, who became his friend through internet asked him to help him search childrens' modeling videos, download them and send him. Lindstorm, he said, asked him that he would help him get citizenship of Norway if he helps him find porn videos of children and send him with modification of local children. He said they established network for sharing videos and then his partner started paying him.
In April 2014, he bought the first album of children-pornography to sell it to the Norwegian and the price of the first album was €250 (euros) which he sold against €300 to Jan Lindstorm, Sadaat said adding that Lindstorn became his trustworthy business-partner at least for the next two years.
He stated that he received graduation degree in Mechanical Engineering from Taxila University but learnt computer hacking by himself through which he used to hack porn websites of different countries.
But all it ended up in Dec 2015 when clash erupted between them over a business deal and he broke the network they had developed for sharing porn videos, he said.
“I broke the network system soon after the clash and started my own setup of designing video gaming,” the suspect states, adding that “Now he was running children gaming videos.”
Amin claimed he left the sale of porn videos and broke the network in Dec 2015 but his Norwegian partner Jan Lindstorm continued it whose arrest in 2016 by Norwegian police finally led the investigation to him. In Nov 2016, Norwegian Embassy wrote a letter to Interior Ministry which marked the investigation to Federal Investigation Agency. The agency started investigation on the basis of material provided by the embassy to trace the suspect.
Originally he belongs to Malakwal of Mandi Bahauddin district but had been living in Corporation Town of Sargodha for last many years where he got a house on rent against Rs 3000 per month. He had one sister and mother at home in Malakwal and his father and a brother died some years ago.
“The truth is that I was making gaming videos and selling them with my foreign partners—mostly I got these videos from different websites of different countries including Bangladesh, Russia and Ukraine by hacking these websites and sometime by paying them,” Sadaat said.
The surprising aspect is that still there was no local complainant against him except the Norwegian Embassy. The suspect claimed that he had left this business and the data recovered by the FIA from his computer was two years old which could easily be verified by Forensic Laboratory.
“Now I make gaming videos and do not sell to the local people. It is the reason that there is no complainant against me except the Norwegian Embassy which became complainant on the information provided by his former partner who wanted to drag him for breaking the network,” Sadaat said.
The FIA claimed that it had traced $35,000 through Western Union's transactions and still investigation was underway to find out if he had more money. However, Sadaat said he was poor and could not make money through the pornography business he had been running for years. He said he lived at a rented house, and could not marry due to poverty.
Court Appearance
The Officials of the Federal Investigation Agency produced Sadaat Amin before the judicial magistrate, pleading that they wanted further physical remand of the suspect to investigate the matter—the first of its kind in the country's history. The officials pleaded that they have to recover more CDs and to determine the money he had made through the ‘business of pornography'. They also pleaded that they had issued notices to Western Unions, Money Gram and others to come up if the suspect had used them for transactions.
Judicial Magistrate Farooq accepted their plea and extended physical remand of the suspect with directions to complete the investigation on the next date, April 21.
On April 11, the FIA team headed by Assistant Director (Cyber Crime Wing) Mian Saqib arrested the suspect from a house the suspect had taken on rent in Corporation Town of Sargodha and booked him under Section 109 and 420 of Pakistan Penal Code as well as under Sections 20, 21 and 22 of PECA, 2016.
The agency recovered 600,000 porn videos and pictures from the computer of the suspect. According to FIA, the suspect had been involved in porn video making business since 2007.
Islamabad-Chairperson National Commission on the Status of Women (NCSW), Khawar Mumtaz on Tuesday said they have forwarded few more amendments to be incorporated in the recently passed NCSW (Amendment) bill 2016 from National Assembly.
She said, “Under the new amended bill, after completing the tenure of head of the commission, the new chairperson would be appointed at the earliest or the acting chair would be allowed to work till the appointment of new chairperson for continuity of projects.”
However, she added, “We have suggested that tenure of commission members would also be extended till the appointment of new members to avoid any hindrance in the commission work.” They have sent their suggestions to the mover of the bill Dr Nikhat Shakeel Khan, to be included when being tabled in the upper house of the parliament, she told APP.
Khawar Mumtaz said whenever a new legislation is being drafted, the lacuna has been pointed out after its practical implementation and same is the case of NCSW. According to the initial legislation, the acting chairperson of the office must be the member of commission and allowed to work for one month only but for after completion of last five commission heads, it was observed that commission remained dysfunctional due to lack of appointment of the head within stimulated time of one month.
It is a beneficial move to extend time period of the acting chairperson but law making is not a job of single person and the head cannot work alone on any project with commission members so they want that a concrete amendment should be finalized which strengthen capacity of the commission, she remarked. It is pertinent to mention here that the permanent National Commission on Status of Women was established through a Presidential Ordinance in 2000.
From 2000-2015 five commissions completed their terms. The first four chairpersons of the commissions respectively were Dr Shaheen Sardar Ali, Justice (Retd) Majida Rizvi, Arifa Syeda, Anis Haroon and Khawar Mumtaz who was reappointed as head of sixth commission working currently.
Khawar Mumtaz took charge of the fifth commission on January 1, 2013 after a gap of nine months as the then chairperson Anis Haroon, completed her tenure on March 26, 2012. Her tenure as fifth commission head was expired on December 31, 2015 but she was reappointed in June last year which halted the activities and ongoing projects of the commission ultimately affecting the welfare of the women at grass root level as the prime mandate of the commission.
The Alabama Republican party is urging Republican voters not to vote candidate Jim Bonner for public service commission in next week's primary.
The party's chairman, Terry Lathan, says the decision was made on Tuesday after a unanimous vote.
“Mr. Bonner's recent comments on his social media as well as radio shows are not condoned by the Alabama Republican party,” Lathan said. "We reject the egregious comments Mr. Bonner continues to spew,"
Lathan went on to say that the Alabama GOP candidate committee urges Republican voters to not vote for Bonner for the public service commission, place 1 on June 5.
The statement did not specify Bonner's alleged comments.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
"When people ask me what is different about the Premier League, it is because we have a lot of those [big] games. There are usually five or six contenders to win the Premier League so you have many," Guardiola, who won league titles in Spain and Germany before coming to the EPL, told Sky Sports in November. "The level of the teams is so high."
When Alia Jehan goes about doing the job of a bus conductor in Medak's Sangareddy Depot, her dark brown satchel is not the only thing clinging to her.Accompanying her every day is her baby daughter whom she also feeds in the TSRTC bus.Alia carries her daughter on her shoulders as she issues tickets to passengers who are initially surprise on seeing the conductor with a baby. Surprise then gives way to admiration for a mother's courage."Mine was an inter-religious marriage so we don't have any family support. There is nobody to take care of my child at home, so I get her along. Even my husband takes our elder son along to work,” said Alia.A B.Com graduate, Alia had requested officials to give her office work for some time but she was told there was no vacancy. The officials did help by putting her on an Express bus service as compared to the ordinary one."As I was on leave to take care of my child, I missed the opportunity to become regularised. Now, I am back to work, hopefully I'll be regularised soon," said the mother.
Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich confirmed Friday that veteran German coach Jupp Heynckes will take over as manager until the end of the season, replacing the sacked Carlos Ancelotti.Heynckes, 72, will come out of retirement to take take charge of the squad from Monday, the fourth time he has coached Bayern."There is a strong relationship of trust between Jupp Heynckes and FC Bayern," said club chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge."He is at the moment the ideal coach for Bayern."Heynckes will be assisted by the current co-trainer of Fortuna Duesseldorf, Peter Hermann and the current sports director of Bayern's youth team, Hermann Gerland.It was along with Hermann and Gerland that Heynckes led Bayern to win the 2013 treble, the first -- and only time -- a German club won the Bundesliga, Champions League and German Cup titles in a season."I would not have returned to any other club in the world, but Bayern Munich is close to my heart," said Heynckes, vowing to transform the team back into a "successful" squad.In an interview with Kicker magazine, Heynckes said he was "not making a comeback, it's a service for a friend.""I'm doing it only because I owe a lot to Bavaria."The Bundesliga champions made no mention of former French international defender and Bayern stalwart Willy Sagnol, who had stepped in as interim coach after the shock departure of Ancelotti.Bayern are languishing in third place in the Bundesliga, five points behind leaders Borussia Dortmund.A stinging 3-0 defeat to Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League led the club to sack Ancelotti last month.Heynckes previously coached Bayern from 1987 to 1991, briefly in 2009 and then between 2011 and 2013.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Music, food and animals were all part of Les Fest, a fundraiser for the Alexandria Zoo, held Thursday night. Alexandria native and blues guitarist Eric Johanson and blues singer Tab Benoit performed at the event. Melinda Martinez/The Town Talk
Adam Pearce (Photo: NBC)
A singer with Avoyelles Parish ties will compete on season 13 of "The Voice", a singing competition on NBC.
With his televised audition last Monday, Adam Pearce, who grew up in the Bunkie/Evergreen area, impressed Miley Cyrus and Adam Levine, two of the show's four celebrity judges who quickly turned their red chairs around, signaling an interest in coaching him as a contestant.
"His voice is dope," Cyrus told Levine.
Pearce chose to compete on "Team Adam" under the guidance of the Maroon 5 frontman who complimented his singing style by calling it "everything."
"You were so wild and crazy and so controlled and refined at the same time," Levine said.
The comments came from the same judge who advised Pearce to work on his singing and "come back" on the show after an audition just last season.
A segment that aired before Pearce's performance Monday included footage from season 12 when Levine appeared to see the singer's potential but was critical of his pitch.
Adam Levine, Miley Cyrus, Jennifer Hudson, Blake Shelton on 'The Voice.' (Photo: Trae Patton, NBC)
Pearce admitted to having a problem with singing in a sharper key when he's nervous and said it took working with voice coaches to prepare for a second audition.
Pearce also talked in the segment about his wife and family's support and what an opportunity on "The Voice" would mean.
"The chair turn, this time around, will represent to me how hard work can pay off," he said, "because I have worked very hard from last season to this season. I get a second chance."
Pearce sang "Hot Blooded" by Foreigner for his second audition. After the show, the rock band's official Facebook page gave him a shoutout.
"If at first you don't succeed... try, try a Foreigner tune," said the post, which included a link to a video of Pearce's audition.
Louisiana State University of Alexandria also showed Pearce love on its Facebook page by sending "a huge shout out and congratulations to former student, student-worker, and employee Adam Pearce."
Pearce attended Louisiana State University of Alexandria before transferring to study at the Baton Rouge campus, according to previous Town Talk articles.
Pearce, now 31, currently lives in New Orleans.
He's been a vocalist, lead guitarist and songwriter for several projects, according to his bio on the website of rock band Black Magnolia, which released an album in 2012.
"The Voice" airs at 7 p.m. Mondays and Tuesdays on NBC.
Read or Share this story: http://www.thetowntalk.com/story/news/local/avoyelles/2017/10/06/singer-local-ties-gets-second-shot-the-voice/728846001/
BALTIMORE (AP)  A Baltimore teacher has been charged after police say he tried to use his cellphone to videotape the school's cheerleading team changing in his classroom.
Baltimore County police spokeswoman Jennifer Peach tells local news outlets that 46-year-old Christopher Clark, a teacher at Milford Mill Academy, faces one voyeurism-related charge. He was charged in a criminal summons Friday.
Charging documents say Clark admitted that on Jan. 23 he propped his cellphone on his desk, pressed record and then left his classroom to allow the cheerleaders to change into their uniforms.
Peach says a cheerleader discovered the phone before the girls started undressing.
Advertisement
Clark also told police he recorded two girls changing in his classroom in a separate incident earlier in January.
Clark is no longer employed at the school. Court records don't list an attorney.
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
CLACKAMAS, Ore. – A black Oregon legislator says a constituent called the police because she looked “suspicious” while canvassing in her district.
Janelle Bynum, a state representative running for reelection in November, said she was going door to door in Clackamas on Tuesday when an officer from the Clackamas County Sheriff's Office showed up.
The officer, Bynum says, was called by a resident who thought Bynum was “suspicious.”
Bynum said the officer responded professionally and called the constituent.
“We talked and she did apologize. #letsbebetterneighbors,” Bynum said in a Facebook post.
Bynum shared a photo of herself and the officer, smiling after the incident.
Bynum represents House District 51, which serves East Portland, Damascus, Gresham, Boring, Happy Valley and North Clackamas. She is a business owner and mother of four who lives in Happy Valley, according to her campaign website. Her campaign priorities include school funding, small businesses and livable neighborhoods.
© 2018 KGW
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) – Last night we crowned the very first WOTV IDOL – and that wouldn't be possible without the presenting sponsor Snapple… We're here with Micah, who's really gotten in the ArtPrize spirit.
>>> Take a look in the video above.
“At Dr Pepper Snapple Group, it is our vision to be the best beverage business in the Americas. Our brands have been synonymous with refreshment, fun and flavor for generations, and our sales are poised to keep growing in the future.” Read more, here.
WOTV Idol Silver Ticket Winner, Brandon Hoople
The judges' scores are in and it's official: Brandon Hoople has won the Silver Ticket in the WOTV Idol contest!
As a result, Hoople, of Belding, Mich., will be fast-tracked through the beginning stages of tryouts for the upcoming season of American Idol. The Silver Ticket will give him a pass to perform in front of the show's executive producers. If they like what they hear, he could make it to Hollywood.
Learn more, here.
VID
What's next?
Friday, October 6th | Rosa Parks Circle – downtown Grand Rapids
5 – 7:30pm: Matt Giraud performs a live concert and the WOTV Idol will make an appearance.
7:30pm: ArtPrize finale watch party kicks off. See who will take home the ArtPrize grand prize live on the big screen!
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
The race for the Golden Boot Award has heated up after 54 matches in the World Cup 2018.
Tuesday evening's Round 16 match saw a penalty shootout that lifted England over Colombia for a ticket to the quarter finals, as Harry Kane increased his number of goals in the tournament to six after converting a penalty kick in the 57th minute. Kane is currently leading the tournament, while their Group G opponents Belgium's Romelu Lukaku is in second place with four goals so far. England's captain scored a couple against Tunisia in the Three Lions's first match of the tournament, including a last minute header to give his team the win.
Kane continued his scoring run against first-timers Panama; he notched a hat-trick during England's 6-1 win. Lukaku, like Kane, scored against Tunisia and Panama. He has scored a total of four goals against them, two in each match. Kane and Lukaku's race for the golden boot saw an effort that has not been seen since 1986 when Diego Maradona scored at least 2 goals in back-to-back matches in the World Cup in Mexico.
There are also four players with three goals, who are still in the tournament: Russia's Artem Dzyuba and Denis Cheryshev, France's 19-year-old sensation Kylian Mbappe and Uruguay's Edinson Cavani. In World Cup 2014, which was held in Brazil, Colombia's James Rodriguez was the winner of the Golden Boot award with six goals. According to the Golden Boot Award regulations, if players are tied with the same number of goals, the first tie-breaker is the number of assists they made. If the assists are also equal, then the award is given to the player who scored his goals in fewer minutes.
The Watch Snob Says Take Your Time
Watch Snob Says Slow Down You Have Time
The AskMen Acquire team thoroughly researches & reviews the best gear, services and staples for life.
Slow Down You Got Plenty Of Time
Dear Watch Snob,
First off, thank you for your column. It is truly something I look forward to during the week. I'm a 26 year old in high tech sales and I have a problem buying, trading and selling watches on fairly regular basis, due to mainly getting bored with the same watch. With the exception of a Rolex Yachtmaster 16622 (graduation gift) and my vintage Vacheron Constantin ref. 4726 (my grandfather's watch), I have gone through countless other Rolexes, Breguets, IWCs, and Omegas. That was until I began wearing Jaeger LeCoultre. In the past I owned a few variants of the Master Compressor Chronographs and currently have a Master Compressor GMT Q1738171, which I rather like and is useful for when I travel.
The one watch that I sold and that I truly miss, is a Master Chronograph (Q1538470, with a black dial). This watch was much more refined in my mind than the Compressor Chronos and I dearly want it back. I have the opportunity to buy it back, but I wanted to see what you thought. Is this a watch worth reacquiring? Or I should I hold off and wait for another desire, a Reverso? Thank you for your wisdom!
I can certainly understand why you'd want the Master Chronograph back. It is a beautiful watch, and the kind of chronograph that so many companies seem to struggle to make – classic clarity of execution and unobtrusively good quality construction. The urge to clutter up what could be a very nice simple chronograph with unnecessary design flourishes seems to be irresistible to many companies nowadays – oh, certainly there are some nice reproductions of attractive vintage models out there (usually too thick, and often in too large a diameter but at least they are trying, which is a start). But making a truly modern design – especially of a dress chronograph, which this arguably is – that can stand on its own two feet as a design, and that doesn't have that one extra detail that messes it up, seems to be a challenge many brands have failed to meet.
With respect to reacquiring the watch, I would say in this case, yes. At 26 you have the means and the energy to be exposed to many watches; good for you, however you are also not really giving yourself any time to find out what it is like to experience the watches you have owned. As a matter of refining your tastes, and getting to know your own mind a bit better, I would strongly suggest slackening your pace of acquisition; you are like a fellow trying to get to know great Burgundy by swallowing as many cups of wine as he can. What you're doing is a form of gluttony, in other words, and like all forms of gluttony it can be entertaining in a temporary fashion, but like all forms of gluttony, if indulged in for its own sake, it will lead to a coarsening of taste.
Soft Around The Edges
I really like the tonneau design. Neither round, nor rectangular. They are present in the majority of Richard Mille's watches but they are way out of my budget ($20,000), and quite overpriced in my opinion. Other usual suspects would include Franck Muller and Hublot, but from what I gather both are mostly an assembly line with basic movements, and not watchmaking innovators. Other vintage pieces from other brands are generally available in not so daily wear condition. Can you suggest me few options with some haute horlogerie significance?
The word “tonneau” refers to a watch with a barrel-shaped case, and the design originated with Cartier, in 1906 I believe. As such it was one of the very first watch designs specifically intended as a wristwatch (most early wristwatches, from the late 19th century are essentially repurposed pocket watches, often in cuplike leather holders). It is a most elegant and original design – or at least it was in 1906; the design has been used by myriad brands over the years but not always to the fine effect achieved by Cartier.
Cartier does have what amount to tonneau watches in its current collection; I would look at the Tortue simple men's watches, and also the Drive de Cartier, especially the extra flat model. From other brands, Vacheron has its Malte collection – like everything from Vacheron, lovely watches although a bit expensive for what they are (like everything from Vacheron these days). I would also look at a Breguet. Their Heritage collection is all tonneau cases, and though it may be a bit small for some fellows I have always felt that the ref. 8806, with its moonphase display, is a lovely watch (and to repeat the sad refrain, expensive for what it is … nice watch though).
The Other Engagement Watch (Not A Rolex)
Hi Watch Snob,
Looking for some advice and who better to turn to than yourself!
Unconventionally I am breaking female stereotype and planning on proposing to my boyfriend in the coming months - not with a ring but with a watch. He has a thing for Bell and Ross watches, possibly to do with his love for flying, namely paragliding. However after reading your article and finding out that they don't actually make the automatic movement I was a little put off. Can you suggest any alternative brands that would be an excellent choice? He's not much of a Rolex/Tag man, he's an action adventure kinda guy. I am looking at around 5000 Euro / $5800 budget.
Any help would be massively appreciated! I really want this to be one of the most special things I can do for him!
Well, ordinarily I'd strongly suggest Rolex; an Oyster Perpetual is as solid a piece of watchmaking as you can ask for at that price, and moreover it holds its value well (nothing to sneeze at in this uncertain world). It seems probable however that you already know this, to some extent, and that you also know that Rolex makes pretty much everything in-house, and have decided you'd rather spend your money elsewhere. Besides, if your young man prefers not to wear a Rolex, there is not much point in suggesting you get him one.
For a fellow who loves flying and aviation, one very obvious choice is the Omega Speedmaster Professional; the prices have gone up a bit over the last few years (what hasn't) but it is still a watch that can be had new for less than six thousand dollars, and a better example of the art of the mid-century sports chronograph, you would be hard pressed to find. If he already knows watches a bit, I think there is an excellent chance it would please him and if he does not, I think he would find it to be, as so many of us have, one of those watches that becomes more and more of a joy to wear, the more you know about its history.
Send the Watch Snob your questions at editorial@askmen.com or ask a question on Instagram with the #watchsnob hashtag.
AskMen may receive a portion of revenue if you click a link in this article and buy a product or service. The links are independently placed by our Commerce team and do not influence editorial content. To find out more, please read our complete terms of use.
KENT, Ohio (AP) — A freshman football player at Kent State University has died following a morning workout.
The university says paramedics transported Tyler Heintz to a hospital following football conditioning drills at Dix Stadium on Tuesday.
The Portage County coroner confirmed his death that evening.
Heintz was from Kenton and was recruited from Kenton High School as an offensive lineman.
His former high school sent a tweet Tuesday saying they were “shocked and bewildered” after his death.
MANILA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Philippines said on Friday the anti-dengue vaccine Dengvaxia may be connected to three deaths in the country, according to a government-ordered inquiry, and that the drug is not ready for mass immunisation.
French drugmaker Sanofi revealed in November that Dengvaxia - the world's first dengue vaccine - might increase the risk of severe disease in people who had never been exposed to the virus. The news prompted an uproar in the Philippines, where more than 800,000 school-age children had been vaccinated in 2016.
Sanofi officials were not immediately available for comment on the government announcement.
The Philippine Health Ministry halted Dengvaxia immunisations in November. It formed a 10-member panel of experts to determine if the drug was directly connected to the deaths of 14 children after they were given the vaccine.
It found it may have been connected to the deaths of three.
“Three cases were found to have causal association. They died of dengue even (though) they were given Dengvaxia. Two of them may have died because of vaccine failure,” Health Undersecretary Enrique Domingo told a news conference.
“These findings strengthen the decision of the Department of Health to stop the vaccine. It has failed in some children. Dengvaxia is not ready for mass vaccinations and we would need three to five more years to watch and monitor if there would be other adverse reactions from the vaccine.”
Mosquito-borne dengue is the world's fastest-growing infectious disease, afflicting up to 100 million people worldwide, causing half a million life-threatening infections and killing about 20,000 people, mostly children, each year.
Domingo said the panel's findings would be shared with the justice department, which is considering cases against those responsible for the mass immunisation programme.
Paediatrician and panel member Juliet Sio-Aguilar, from the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital, said the team was recommending further studies as it was difficult to directly connect the three deaths to Dengvaxia.
No vaccine has a 100 percent success rate, she said. The dengue death rate in the Philippines was 60 times higher than global rate, Sio-Aguilar said.
The Philippines spent 3.5 billion pesos ($68 million) on the Dengvaxia programme to reduce the 200,000 dengue cases reported every year.
The Philippines has already fined Sanofi a symbolic $2,000, citing violations in product registration and marketing. ($1 = 51.6 pesos) (Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Nick Macfie)
TV actors Karan Mehra and Nisha Rawal have announced the birth of their first child — a boy.
The couple put up an image on Instagram on Thursday, 15 June, of their baby's feet, along with the message:
"The littlest feet make the biggest footprints in our hearts; this is something that cannot be expressed in just words. We are ready for this new journey with our little blessing that has arrived in the form of a beautiful baby boy."
The littlest feet make the biggest footprints in our hearts, this is something that cannot be expressed in just words. We are ready for this new journey with our little blessing that has arrived in the form of a beautiful baby boy A post shared by Karan Mehra (@realkaranmehra) on Jun 14, 2017 at 11:19am PDT
Nisha and Karan tied the knot five years ago, and appeared together in the fifth season of the dance reality show for celebrity couples, Nach Baliye.
Karan became a household name thanks to his role in the long-running Star Plus soap Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai. He was most recently seen in season 10 of Bigg Boss.
Nisha and Karan have been documenting their journey towards parenthood on Instagram:
We already feel so blessed and excited about this new adventure that's about to begin, looking forward to welcoming our little baby to the world. Thank you each and everyone for coming and making this day more special. A post shared by Karan Mehra (@realkaranmehra) on May 2, 2017 at 8:41am PDT
Belleville: The gunman who shot a top Republican Congressman and several other people at a baseball practice outside the nation's capital had a long history of lashing out at the GOP, and recently frightened a neighbour by firing a rifle into a field behind his Illinois home.
James T Hodgkinson, 66, wounded Steve Scalise before he was fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip.
In the hours after the attack in Alexandria, Virginia, a picture began to emerge of a shooter with a mostly minor arrest record who worked as a home inspector and despised the Republican Party.
On Facebook, Hodgkinson was a member of a group called 'Terminate the Republican Party', a fact that seemed to take on chilling new meaning in light of an account from South Carolina representative Jeff Duncan. He said he was preparing to leave
the baseball field when a man politely asked him whether it was a Democratic or Republican team before quietly walking off.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of his house in southern Illinois. His Facebook page shows that he was a fan of Vermont senator Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on his 2016 campaign.
Authorities believe Hodgkinson had been in the Alexandria area since March, living out of a cargo van and not working, FBI agent Tim Slater said.
An online search of newspapers shows that he frequently wrote letters to his local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: Income inequality.
Hodgkinson, who spent most of his life in the community of 42,000 just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and adopting other tax-reform measures.
On 14 May, 2010, he wrote, "I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit."
Less than a year later, on 4 March, 2011, he wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class. "Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience," he wrote.
Later that year, in October 2011, he applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators "are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes".
Hodgkinson had arrests in his background for a series of minor offences and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In April 2006, Hodgkinson was charged with misdemeanor battery after he stormed into a neighbor's house in an attempt to force home a teenage girl who, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, was under guardianship of Hodgkinson and his wife.
Witnesses told deputies that Hodgkinson burst into the home and told his daughter "to get your stuff. It's time to come home", the report said. The daughter refused and locked herself in a bedroom before Hodgkinson again forced his way in and "became violent", grabbing her by her hair and throwing her on the floor, according to the report.
Massive wildfires continued to scorch Southern California on Sunday fueled by whipping Santa Ana winds as thousands of firefighters braced for more extreme weather in the week ahead.
Five fires covering more than a quarter of a million acres raged across California on Sunday, with 9,000 firefighters combating the flames, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, or Cal Fire.
More than 800 homes and structures have been destroyed and 98,000 people have been forced to evacuate, according to Cal Fire. The ongoing blazes are threatening 25,000 homes.
By far the largest blaze, the Thomas Fire in Santa Barbara and Ventura counties, spanned 230,000 acres and was only 10 percent contained, authorities said Sunday night.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office issued evacuation orders on Sunday for the area spanning Buena Vista Drive to Toro Canyon Road from SR-192 north to Camino Cielo. Evacuation warnings for parts of Montecito, Carpinteria and Summerland were also expanded on Sunday.
One death has been blamed on the Thomas Fire, which broke out on Monday. The body of Virginia Pesola, 70, was discovered at a car crash site along a fire evacuation route in Ventura County on Wednesday night, according to the county medical examiner's office.
"Moderate Santa Ana winds pushed the fire last night and will continue through early this afternoon causing the fire to burned actively with significant growth in the Carpinteria area," the fire agency said on its website. "The fire continues to burn actively to the north, east, and west."
On Sunday afternoon, mandatory evacuations were lifted in the unincorporated areas east and north of Santa Paula's city limits.
The fierce Santa Ana winds were forecast to continue bringing a high fire danger throughout Southern California on Sunday, according to Weather Channel meteorologist Chris Dolce. The winds were expected to subside within the week ahead, but there was still no forecast of the rain in the immediate foreseeable future.
Several Sikh organisations on Tuesday converged at Bhundad village of Muktsar district in Punjab to demand case against Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim in connection with incident of a woman violating the Sikh maryada and picking up Shri Guru Granth Sahib, the holy book of the Sikhs, from the gurdwara.Since the accused woman Sapna Rani's family is a follower of Dera Sacha Sauda, the Sikh organisations have demanded registration of a case against the Dera chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh in the case under Section 120 B of the IPC.Meanwhile, the police have arrested two persons in connection with the case. The Dera followers are known as 'Premis'.Amrik Singh Ajnala, Baljit Singh Daduwal, were among the leaders present at the dharna.On Monday, a woman who had come to the village gurdwara removed the cover of the Guru Granth Sahib Beed, lifted the holy book and carried it till the gate of the gurdwara where she was stopped by villagers. The video cameras installed at the facility recorded the entire incident.Terming the incident as handiwork of Dera 'Premis', the protesters demanded that Dera chief be brought on a production warrant to Kot Bhai police station and should be questioned in the case.Fearing trouble, the police increased its presence at the village.Sick of family discord, the woman Sapna Rani had come to the gurdwara to swear by the holy book and unable to control her emotions she picked up the holy book. She was accompanied by her brother-in-law and children to the gurdwara.
Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
READ MORE: Judge throws out DJ's case against Taylor Swift
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift testifies former radio DJ reached under her skirt
Bell contacted a station vice-president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
BRATISLAVA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Slovakia's defence ministry said on Friday it was in talks to purchase either American F-16s or Swedish Gripen fighter jets to replace its ageing Russian-made MiG-29s.
The ministry said it would submit an analysis of the two options by June 29 for government approval. (Reporting by Tatiana Jancarikova; Editing by Peter Graff)
Guizhou-A dairy cow with a fifth ‘leg' is living happy and healthy after being rescued by a kind farmer shortly after it was born.
The cow in Qinglong County, in south-western China's Guizhou Province, has owner Chen Mingguo to thank, after he took it off the hands of a local farmer who wanted to put the animal down.
Chen says the apparent deformity was immediately noticeable after the calf was born and the breeder - one of his friends - called all his neighbours and acquaintances to see it.
While the animal was something of a freak show at the time, none of the farmers were willing to buy the animal, fearing that it would die quickly and result in a financial loss for its owner.
Chen, however, decided to bring the calf home because he was ‘curious', and he has been happy to see the animal mature into an adult without any issue.
Images of the mutant cow are now being shared on Chinese social media and show its fifth, very thin leg dangling over its back.
The limb does not appear to have developed over the months, and local agricultural experts said they do not expect it to affect the animal's well-being.
Huang Weiquan, a local breeder, said the cow is not really deformed or a mutant as many believe, but simply the only survivor in what was once a pair of twins. He explained: ‘The twin egg did not separate properly during fertilisation, so it resulted in the extra leg growing on the back. ‘It's not a ‘freak'.' In 2014, a cow with a fifth leg was also found in India.
The four-year-old animal brings good luck to whoever touches the extra limb - with some claiming it is a manifestation of a Hindu deity.
Owner Laxman Bhosale, 35, tours the country with the animal - with hundreds regularly turning out to catch a glipse of the creature.
Laxman said: ‘Cow is our holy animal. We call her our mother. With this extra limb, God is indicating to us that we must respect the animal and seek her blessings.
‘Touching the limb of mother cow will bring good luck and help you fulfill all your wishes.'
0
This weekend's Star Wars Celebration wasn't only about new Star Wars films and TV shows—we also got an update on the massive Star Wars Land theme parks that are coming to Walt Disney World and Disneyland in 2019. When Disney first purchased Lucasfilm, the opportunities to expand the Star Wars brand obviously extended to Disney's ever-popular and immersive themes parks. And indeed, the Imagineering team have been hard at work on developing Star Wars Land for quite some time now. The theme parks won't open until 2019, so there's still a ways to go, but Disney has revealed some new details about what parkgoers can expect from this collaboration between Disney and Lucasfilm.
First of all, the teams confirmed that the Star Wars Land world is officially canon—the story, environment, and characters are part of the established Star Wars universe. However, instead of transporting parkgoers to Hoth or Jakku, some planet we've seen in the movies, Star Wars Land will bring to life an entirely new world somewhere on the Outer Rim:
The remote village was once a busy crossroads along the old sub-lightspeed trade routes, but the prominence of the outpost has been bypassed with the rise of hyperspace travel. Now home to those who prefer less attention, it has become a thriving port for smugglers, rogue traders and adventurers traveling between the frontier and uncharted space. It's also a convenient safe-haven for others intent on avoiding the expanding reach of the First Order.
The land will be chock-full of questionable characters and exotic supplies, meaning there will be no lack for variety in the worlds. Construction is already underway, but given the 2019 opening date, these lands look to be extremely involved. You can get a closer look at some of the artwork below, and watch the video above to see folks like Rian Johnson discuss the conception and development of Star Wars Land.
“The ones who did it can always rationalize their actions and even
forget what they did.
But the surviving victims can never forget.
”
–Haruki Murakami – 2009
The Peterloo Massacre occurred at St Peter's Field, Manchester, England, on 16 August 1819, when cavalry charged into an unarmed crowd of 60,000–80,000 who had gathered to demand the reform of parliamentary representation.
By the beginning of 1819, England was facing economic conditions and a famine-like situation coupled with the relative lack of suffrage in Northern England.
In response, the Manchester Patriotic Union, a group agitating for parliamentary reform, organised a demonstration to be addressed by the well-known radical orator Henry Hunt.
Shortly after the meeting began local magistrates called on the military authorities to arrest Hunt and several others on the hustings with him, and to disperse the crowd.
Cavalry charged into the crowd with sabres drawn, and in the ensuing confusion, 15 people were killed and 400–700 were injured.
This event took place exactly 100 years before the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre in India, where the British troops opened fire on a similar protesting crowd in Amritsar.
When two of the fittest actors in the industry share space, you can imagine what the result will be. Hrithik Roshan and Lisa Haydon's sizzling partnership on the January cover of Vogue is a case in point. Before you get your hands on the magazine and read Roshan and Haydon gushing about each other's work ethic in our cover story, here's the behind-the-scenes video of them in action at the cover shoot.
Share:
ISLAMABAD - The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf in Tuesday's National Assembly session sought Pakistan's clear-cut foreign policy on Iran saying that most countries including India had indicated to follow United Nations sanctions instead of US sanctions against Tehran.
The Pakistani government should share its stance on this important matter. “Is Pakistan going to follow the UN sanctions as most countries including India are following or we are going to accept US sanctions against Iran,” said PTI's Shireen Mazari on a point of order. “We (Pakistan) are going to accept US sanctions against Iran, which have no basis in the international law,” she raised the questioned but received no response from treasury benches.
Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj, at a press conference, had recently said that India will keep trading with Iran despite the threat of fallout from US sanctions against the two countries.
Mazari further said that all should recognize the UN peacekeeping day today (May 29). “We (PTI) want to commend UN peacekeepers,” said the PTI member. The International Day of United Nations Peacekeepers is a day to remember those who served in United Nations peacekeeping operations.
The 14th National Assembly on its last private member day (Tuesday) could only dispose of two agenda items out of total 105 items including bills, motions and call-attention notices. The chair mostly ran the proceedings on point of orders.
Minister of State for Interior Talal Chaudhry, responding to a call-attention regarding the loss of lives at Faizabad sit-in, said that 27 cases were registered in the incident and the cases were being heard by courts. “There was no firing from the house of former interior minister (Chaudhry Nisar),” he said mentioning that there were important installations near Faizabad, where the protesters staged a sit-in.
About the controversial election bill, 2017, he said, “this was not only the government's bill as all parties were also equally involved.” The reason of the sit-in was against a bill passed from the House,” he said mentioning that only one political party was blamed for the controversial amendment.
Minister of State for Finance Rana Muhammad Afzal Khan, responding to a call-attention notice non-payment of honorarium equivalent to three basic pays (as announced), said the federal cabinet will consider the matter regarding non-payment of honorarium equivalent to three basic pays for the financial year 2017-18 to all employees of the federal government. He said the cabinet could either approve or reject the proposal.
The house, in the middle of the proceedings, passed a resolution demanding that 15 Ramazan be observed as a national day of orphans. It pointed out that there were 4.2 million orphan children in Pakistan and there was a need to create awareness about their rights.
The resolution said that concrete steps should also be taken for the proper upbringing of orphans and provision of better health and education facilities to them.
The house also passed a resolution, moved by Minister for Information and Broadcasting Marriyum Aurangzeb, congratulating the speaker and the parliamentarians for establishing the parliamentary task force on sustainable development goals (SDGs).
The resolution also pointed out that Pakistan's parliament was the first one which established the SDGs secretariat to oversee the implementation of the development goals. The resolution also recommended the parliamentary task force on SDGs be made a permanent part of future parliaments.
Earlier, responding to a point raised by MNA Asiya Nasir about the rights of minorities, National Assembly Speaker Ayaz Sadiq said that minorities were equal citizens of Pakistan. Other members on the occasion also denounced attacks on minority groups. MQM's lawmaker Sheikh Salahuddin, on a point of order, expressed concerns for not conducting five percent audit blocks of 6th population census.
PTI's Sajida Begum, after failing to speak on any issue, pointed out the lack of quorum, which led to the suspension of the proceedings. The chair, after 10 minutes, adjourned the proceedings due to lack of the required strength.
Politics was never far from the podium at Women in Film's Crystal + Lucy Awards on Tuesday night, referred to by speakers exhorting Hollywood to be more inclusive in its storytelling and video messages from Sen. Kamala Harris, Hillary Clinton, and Michelle Obama.
“Now I haven't seen ‘Wonder Woman' yet, but I'm going to, in part because it's directed by the fabulous Patty Jenkins,” Clinton said in a video message that both praised the director, whose “Wonder Woman” scored the best domestic debut ever for a female helmer, and indirectly took aim at the Trump administration. “But something tells me that a movie about a strong, powerful woman fighting to save the world from a massive international disaster is right up my alley.”
Clinton honored Crystal + Lucy Award recipient Elizabeth Banks, one of her most vocal celebrity supporters during the election.
Norma Zarky Humanitarian Award honoree Dan Rather, accepting from Robert Redford, said, “I appreciate you carrying the basic American value of decency.” When there is “boorish” behavior from our political leaders, WIF leaders stand tall. “You do our country, not just our film industry, a great service. Your beloved country and the world needs you now more than ever.”
WIF Los Angeles exec director Kirsten Schaffer said early in the proceedings, “The country is divided politically and culturally. The more inclusive we are in storytelling, the more it will be reflected in life.”
Schaffer announced that as a part of an initiative to increase the number of female composers in Hollywood, Women in Film was working with APM Music, a leading creative music house and production music library, to launch a library for women composers.
Cathy Schulman, WIF L.A. president, said, “‘Wonder Woman' shows commercial entertainment at its best can be helmed by people of any gender.”
Sony Pictures Classics' co-presidents Michael Barker and Tom Bernard accepted the inaugural beacon award for advancing women's work from Jacki Weaver. They have worked with either 58 or 64 films directed by females, depending on who's counting. Bernard pointed to the overwhelming support Clinton's presidency drew from showbiz.
“If you support a woman to run the country, you should support women to run your film,” he said. “Whether it's riding a bike [a reference to the plot in ‘Wadjda'] or running your studio, give women a chance.”
Barker started out with, “I don't know if we deserve this award.” The exec mentioned his daughter — who is a director — when he said, “She can walk into any room and know she has a place there. If I have in any way contributed to that, that's the basis on which I am taking this award.”
Barker then pointed to the long list of women they have worked with, which started a running joke in the room when honorees Mira Nair and Banks both called the co-presidents out for not having worked with them yet.
Nair, who accepted the BMW Dorothy Arzner trophy for directing from Lupita Nyong'o, told the room not to confuse the passing of years with progress. Referring to the stage version of her film “Monsoon Wedding,” now playing at Berkeley Repertory Theatre, she said she's going through the same obstacles as at the start of her career, only now she's knocking on Broadway's doors. “We can't be distracted by shining a light on the very few.”
Lucy honoree Tracee Ellis Ross was introduced by Obama via video and received her award from Aisha Tyler. She continued Nair's message that while there was cause for celebration, much work needed to be done to progress women in Hollywood.
“There are great things happening on TV, but at the same time there is work to be done about black women and women of color on TV,” she said. “We are objectified … and sassified. Women are valuable, powerful, and entertaining, just because we are.”
Banks accepted the Crystal Award from Universal topper Donna Langley. “We can't do it ourselves, we need dudes,” she said about progressing women's cause. “Go see the movies and bring the guys.”
The mother of two sons said they were too young to see “Wonder Woman,” but, “Their favorite movie for two years now is ‘Frozen.'”
“We are creating culture in this room, we are sending messages and that message is important. Looping in men and boys in that process is the only way that is going to happen,” she said.
Banks also ribbed Max Mara face of the future honoree Zoey Deutch, saying she got that same award eight years ago. Accepting from Max Mara brand ambassador Nicola Maramotti, Deutch said, “For somebody who's spent her entire life getting on stage and the spotlight, it's kind of terrifying.”
The Hoag Hospital Foundation has announced two new philanthropic gifts that will establish endowed chairs for the Newport Beach facility.
Margaret Larkin, who died last year and served on the foundation's board, established an endowed chair in developmental therapeutics at the Hoag Family Cancer Institute, according to a news release.
Martha and Jim Newkirk gave $3 million to establish the Newkirk Family Endowed Chair in Aortic Care. Dr. Anthony D. Caffarelli has been appointed the first physician to hold the chair.
Costa Mesa cocktail lounge to host live music
Holiday, a cocktail lounge in Costa Mesa, is having live music nightly Thursdays through Saturdays, according to a news release.
The venue at 719 W. 19th St. was recently renovated. The upcoming music acts include country, indie contemporary and tribute bands. For a complete show schedule, visit HolidayCM.com.
CdM education center to have grand opening
C2 Education, a tutoring and test prep company, is having a grand opening for its new Corona del Mar facility starting at 3 p.m. Wednesday.
At 4 p.m., there will be a free seminar about getting into college. To register, call 949-478-1256.
The center is at 2121 E. Coast Hwy. It's the chain's first location in Newport Beach.
Studio expands with Laguna location
Jenny Taylor Boudoir Photography has expanded with a new studio in Laguna Beach.
The privately owned studio, which also has a location in Naperville, Ill., is at 31706 S. Coast Hwy. Suite 301.
For more information, visit jennytaylorboudoirs.com.
Wealth management firm names new executive
BNY Mellon Wealth Management has appointed Carla L. Furuno as regional president in the firm's Newport Beach office, according to a news release.
Furuno has more than 35 years of experience in the financial services industry.
Surfline acquires second surf-tracking brand
Surfline, the Huntington Beach company that tracks surf conditions worldwide, has acquired the Magicseaweed brand.
Magicseaweed, founded in 2002, also tracks surfing conditions. It will remain a distinct product from Surfline, the company stated.
Magicseaweed's team will also remain based in the United Kingdom.
“For over 15 years Magicseaweed has been committed to providing the very best global surf forecast we can,” Magicseaweed founder Ben Freeston said in a statement. “Joining with the team at Surfline is the perfect next step in this journey. It allows Magicseaweed to stay true to its mission while assisting in growing a combined business that can positively touch the lives of surfers everywhere.”
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
The latest crop report shows there was very little activity down on the farm last week.
The U.S.D.A. weekly report says there were only one-and-a-half days last week that were suitable for any type of fieldwork. Below normal temperatures and snow in the northern part of the state kept farmers from even thinking about doing much of any planting prep in the fields.
The 5-year average shows farmers normally have 11 percent of the corn planted by April 22nd — and this year there hasn't been any seed put in the ground. Farmers still need some extended warm weather to raise the soil temperatures and dry out the wet areas before the planting can get underway.
There will be more carries for Todd Gurley.
Rams Coach Sean McVay made that clear after Gurley equaled his 2016 preseason workload with four carries in the Rams' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys on Saturday.
Gurley and other starters will get “progressive work” through the third preseason game against the Chargers, McVay said.
McVay wants Gurley ready to go when the Rams play their season opener against the Indianapolis Colts on Sept. 10 at the Coliseum.
“This preseason offers us a unique opportunity to get him some touches, being mindful of that we do want to allow him to be at his best by the time we play the Colts,” McVay said Sunday. “But, especially being in a new system and just for the overall continuity of our offense, I think it's important for him to be out there with those guys.”
Gurley rushed for two yards in four carries during two first-quarter series against the Cowboys. He also caught a 10-yard pass from Jared Goff.
“I'm feeling good, man,” Gurley said after the game. “Obviously, it's hard to get started with just a couple plays, but just to be out there, just get the goosebumps off and be with the offense.”
Gurley was the NFL's offensive rookie of the year in 2015, but struggled last season. Under former coach Jeff Fisher, Gurley carried four times early in the preseason and then was held out until the regular season opener to avoid injury.
McVay said coaches will communicate with Gurley regarding his workload as the preseason goes on.
“The nice thing about Todd is that as special of a player as he is, he doesn't ever put himself above anything else,” McVay said. “To him, his expectation is, ‘Until I'm told otherwise, I'm playing and I want to go compete.' That's what makes Todd a great competitor.
“It's important for him to get some work in the preseason, so that we're careful about that workload. It's a delicate balance that we do want to have with that, but also mindful of, we're getting him ready to roll for that Indy game where he can be at his best version of himself.”
Each player has a different approach to what they need to be prepared for the season, McVay said.
A challenge with Gurley is making sure he does not do too much.
“He's one of those guys that you have to be mindful of protecting himself from himself because he works so hard,” McVay said. “That's a good problem to have with one of your key players and I think he'd be the first to tell you, he wants to be out there with his teammates to compete and that's something that we anticipate doing these next couple weeks.”
gary.klein@latimes.com
Twitter: @latimesklein
Ontario's animal welfare organization has ordered a dogsledding business north of Toronto to take several steps to improve the well-being of more than 100 canines as an animal cruelty investigation continues. The Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ordered Windrift Kennel in Moonstone, Ont., on Friday to provide insulated shelter, clean water, appropriate food and veterinary care to the dogs on site after a complaint was made by a couple on Sunday. Natasha Guerriero and Dylan Blake, from Whitby, Ont., said they went dogsledding and took videos of the animals afterward. Read more: OSPCA investigating alleged cruelty at Barrie-area sled dog kennel The clips, which the pair posted to Facebook, show dozens of dogs chained up in the snow, with one dog limping with an apparent open wound on one of its front legs.
Article Continued Below
The OSPCA said in a statement that officers visited Windrift Kennel on Monday and said “several areas of concern were identified.”
The Facebook clips show dozens of dogs chained up in the snow, with one dog limping with an apparent open wound on one of its front legs. ( Natasha Guerriero / Facebook )
“Our officers continue to oversee and monitor the conditions for the dogs to ensure the concerns are corrected and the dogs have the proper care and living conditions,” it said. Dogs at the kennel are receiving veterinary assessments, the OSPCA said, noting that the outcome of those examinations could result in more orders being issued.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Canadian National Railway Co:
* CN ANNOUNCES US$900-MILLION DEBT OFFERING
* CANADIAN NATIONAL RAILWAY- ‍ANNOUNCED DEBT OFFERING OF $900 MILLION, COMPRISED OF US$300 MILLION 2.400% NOTES DUE 2020, AND US$600 MILLION 3.650% NOTES DUE 2048​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - With anticipation building for “Star Wars: The Last Jedi,” Disney-Pixar's animated comedy “Coco” handily won its third straight crown at a moderate North American box office with $18.3 million at 3,748 sites.
(L-R) Director Lee Unkrich, Anthony Gonzalez, who plays the voice of Miguel, co-director/screenwriter Adrian Molina and producer Darla K. Anderson attends Disney-Pixar's U.S. premiere of "Coco" in the Hollywood section of Los Angeles, California, U.S. November 8, 2017. REUTERS/David McNew
“Coco” joined “The Hitman's Bodyguard,” “Fate of the Furious” and “Split” as 2017 titles to top the domestic box office for three weekends in a row. The major studios have held off on any new openings since the Thanksgiving holiday but that changes on the evening of Dec. 14 when previews start for Disney-Lucasfilm's “The Last Jedi” amid expectations of an opening weekend in the $200 million range.
“Coco,” a colorful celebration of Mexico's Day of the Dead, showed impressive holding power with a 33% decline from its second weekend to lift its 19-day domestic total to $135.5 million. It's performed similarly to Disney's animated “Moana,” which opened at the same time last year and had totaled $144.7 million after three weekends.
There was a single wide opening this weekend with Broad Green Pictures' final movie, “Just Getting Started,” showing little traction with moviegoers with $3.2 million at 2,146 locations. “Just Getting Started,” a poorly reviewed action comedy starring Morgan Freeman and Tommy Lee Jones, wound up in 10th place behind A24's sixth weekend of awards contender “Lady Bird” with $3.5 million at 1,557 venues.
The fourth weekend of Warner Bros.-DC Entertainment's superhero team-up “Justice League” finished with just over half of “Coco” with $9.6 million at 3,508 locations with a 42% decline. “Justice League” has taken in $212.1 million in 24 days and is the 10th biggest movie of 2017 -- but it's also the lowest performer among the five DC Extended Universe movies. “Wonder Woman” had hit $318 million domestically at the 24-day point in June.
World Premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” – Arrivals – Los Angeles, California, U.S., 09/12/2017 – Actor Adam Driver. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
“Justice League” has gone past $600 million worldwide with an international total of $401 million. Its performance pushed Warner Bros. past the $5 billion mark worldwide for 2017. The studio announced Sunday that it's become the first studio to cross the $2 billion mark for the year, led by “Wonder Woman” with $412 million and “It” with $327 million.
Lionsgate's third weekend of inspirational drama “Wonder” finished in third place with $8.5 million at 3,519 North American sites with a 35% decline. “Wonder” became the 27th movie of the year to cross the $100 million mark -- and one of the least costly among that group, given its $20 million budget. Production companies on the Jacob Tremblay vehicle are Mandeville Films, Participant Media, Walden Media and TIK Films.
World Premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” – Arrivals – Los Angeles, California, U.S., 09/12/2017 – Actress Lupita Nyong'o poses. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
A24's expansion of James Franco's comedy-drama “The Disaster Artist” came in fourth with a solid $6.4 million at 840 venues, up from 19 last weekend. That edged the sixth weekend of Disney-Marvel's “Thor: Ragnarok” with $6.3 million at 3,047 sites, which put its domestic total above $300 million. The third Thor movie was a key factor in November's box office staying ahead of the same month last year.
Paramount's fifth weekend of “Daddy's Home 2” finished sixth with $6 million at 3,263 locations, down only 21%, to lift its 31-day total to $91.2 million. The original “Daddy's Home” wound up its domestic run two years ago with $150.4 million.
Fox's fifth frame of “Murder on the Orient Express” followed with $5.1 million at 3,201 sites for a total of $92. 7 million. The Kenneth Branagh vehicle, which has a $55 million budget, has been a solid performer internationally with $182 million in grosses outside the U.S.
Sony's fourth weekend of faith-based animated drama “The Star” came in eighth with $3.7 million at 2,976 venues, off only 10%. The film, co-financed by Walden Media and released through the Affirm label, has totaled $32.3 million in 24 days.
Women's Golf: Tribe finishes sixth in Colonial Athletic Association Women's Golf Championship
This weekend, the William and Mary women competed in the Colonial Athletic Association Women's Golf Championship. The College finished in sixth place with an overall score of 931 (+67). The three day, 54-hole tournament took place at Ford's Colony Country Club in Williamsburg, Va. Having the CAAs so close to home was both a positive and a negative for the team.
“It was actually kind of nice, convenient because my parents and my friends got to come, so that was really sweet,” junior Katie Edelblut said. “But also a little bit more difficult to get in the tournament mindset, not what you want especially for Conference, so mixed feelings.”
The Tribe came into this weekend with the momentum of consecutive second place finishes in its past two events. Competing in the conference championships, however, brings a new dynamic to the game.
“We try not to think of it as too different, but it definitely is different,” sophomore Liz Choi said. “I would say it's more so the pressure that comes along with it. But it's golf so you've got to play your own game.”
I would say it's more so the pressure that comes along with it. But it's golf so you've got to play your own game.”
After a testing first day of play, the College sat in seventh place out of the eight teams in the conference. With a 34-over 322, the Tribe finished 26 strokes behind the College of Charleston's leading score of 296 (+8). During round one, Choi was the only member of the Tribe to finish in the top 20, tying for 19th with a score of 6-over 78. Senior Mia Zanghetti was two strokes behind, tying for 24th with an 8-over 80 finish. Freshman Allison Olberding and sophomore Riley Corona both shot 10-over 82s to tie for 29th, while Edelblut followed by one stroke to tie for 33rd at 11-over 83.
“It's hard but you just got to just keep grinding. I mean even after a bad first round there's still a lot of golf left to play,” Zanghetti said. “It's cliche, but anything can really happen out there.”
In the second round, the Tribe came back to shoot the third lowest score of the day with a strong 305 (+17). Edelblut fired an even 72, her fourth lowest collegiate round, while Zanghetti shot a 3-over 75. Olberding trailed by three to finish the day at 78 (+6), followed by Corona at 80 (+8) and Choi at 81 (+9).
Delaware moved into the top spot with a 295 (+7), while UNC-Wilmington followed closely behind with a 299 (+11). This placed them at the top of leaderboard going into the final round, with Delaware having an overall score of 601 (+25) and UNC-Wilmington at 603 (+27). The Tribe, at 627 (+5), was only three strokes behind sixth place team Elon, whose two-day total was 624 (+48).
It's hard but you just got to just keep grinding. I mean even after a bad first round there's still a lot of golf left to play.”
After day three, the Tribe jumped into sixth to end the tournament, thanks to its best finish of the weekend at 304 (+16). Overall, the team ended with a total score of 931 (+67), six shots ahead of seventh place finisher, Elon, at 937 (+73). Delaware remained in first, finishing at 896 (+32).
Zanghetti ended her fourth and final CAA Championship with the Tribe's best individual score, tying for 15th overall at 231 (+15). Head coach Ed Teer commented on Zanghetti's career with the Tribe.
“Mia has played great for this team for four years,” Teer said. “She worked really hard this year at getting better, she asked for extra help, she really did good things this semester.”
Edelblut ended the tournament tied for 17th with a three-day score of 232 (+16). Choi trailed by one point, finishing in a tie for 19th at 233 (+17). Olberding finished her first CAA Championship tied for 24th with a 237 (+21), and is confident about the future for both herself and the team.
“I have three more years, so we're going to get our revenge sometime,” said Olberding. “I'm taking away that I, at least for me personally, am very close to where I can be at an elite level. Just working on a couple things, mental game, other than that I'm very happy with how I performed.”
Corona finished with a total of 243 (+27) to come in 31st. This was the first CAA Championship for Corona as well.
“This was my first CAA, so it was a cool experience just to see how the whole tournament worked,” she said. “Obviously there's a little bit more pressure, you put a little more pressure on yourself and count it as being a bigger tournament, but you also try and keep in mind that it's also just another 18 holes, and you play 18 holes all the time.”
After a very strong spring season, Teer said he is optimistic for the College's potential for the future.
“I think we can be highly competitive in the CAA,” said Teer. “We just have to prepare a little better for the bigger events.”
Covers Products: Grapefruit, Raspberry Lemon, Tart Cherry
DRINKmaple, which is perhaps best known for their flagship 100% maple water product, continues to expand their lineup. Having announced DRINKmelon back in Spring of 2016, the company has expanded their SKU footprint a bit further.
The latest line extension includes a trio of new USDA Organic-certified products: DRINKmaple Raspberry Lemon Maple Water, DRINKmaple Grapefruit Maple Water, and DRINKmelon Tart Cherry Watermelon Water. As you'll notice, all three of these products are extending the brand further into fruit-based offerings, which we can only assume represents an effort to help make the underlying maple (or watermelon) water appeal to a broader audience.
In terms of the flavors, all three are enjoyable. The two maple water-based products have what we'd describe as a mild flavor profile. Bothhave 40 calories and 8g of sugar per bottle, only slightly higher than the flagship offering, and added fruit juices on top of the base of maple water. Of the two, we prefer the Grapefruit, a cleaner and simpler flavor than the Raspberry Lemon. The simplicity helps preserve the flavor of the maple water itself, which is a good thing.
As for the Tart Cherry Watermelon Water, this product feels like it is on the edge of not seeming like a “water” beverage. At 90 calories and 19g of sugar per bottle, it has a noticeably sweeter flavor than their maple water products. There's a strong note of cherry on the front, while the watermelon creates freshness at the finish. It's a really nice blend that is more appealing to us than their straight DRINKmelon offering.
On the outside, the packaging and positioning of these new offerings is consistent with the line. However, now that the line is continuing to expand we feel as though there is additional need to make the DRINKmaple and DRINKmelon products have their own identity. They've developed a clean and polished visual system that works so well that it's easy to miss the word “melon” or “maple.” That said, we'd love it there were another visual indicator that helped signify each of the lines.
In the end, we feel as though all three of these products are well-executed additions to the Drink Maple/Melon family. However, we feel as though the brand is starting to stretch itself a bit to the point where the message and branding might need some additional fine tuning so that it all makes sense when consumers see it on the store shelf.
NT NETWORK
PANAJI
The 28-day long wildlife census has come to an end with the forest department recording good signs of presence of wild animals including tigers, which indicates excellent health of the forests in the state.
Presently, the data collection from all the wildlife sanctuaries and national parks is being tabulated to be sent to the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) along with photo evidence and memory cards for validation.
Sources in the forest department said the final figures on wild animals including tigers will be officially released by the state government after they are vetted by the WII.
In the latest census, no direct sightings of tigers were recorded in any part of the forest land. However, in Netravali sanctuary, Mollem and Mhadei there were direct sightings of leopard, sloth bear, bison, group of wild dogs and scat (dropping) of big cat.
During the first phase of sign and line transect survey, volunteers and forest officials including beat guards engaged in the wildlife census collected around eleven samples of scats (droppings) of big cats from different beats of Mhadei, Mollem and Netravali protected forest areas.
In the last phase, which started on May 7, around 27 cameras were installed in the different forest beats of Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary, Mollem National Park and Netravali Wildlife Sanctuary, after the scat (droppings) of big cats were found during the first phase of sign and line transect survey in these sanctuaries. Each pair of camera trap monitors an area of two square kilometres around it.
During start of the final phase of camera trap technique, a tiger image was clicked by night vision camera at Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary and thereafter no images of tigers were found.
While the south division did not find any signs of tiger in camera trap, it found a scat at Verlem in Sanguem close to Karnataka border which they claimed to be that of tiger. The division also recorded direct sightings of leopard, sloth bear, bison, group of wild dogs and scat (dropping) of big cat at Netravali sanctuary.
The forest officials claimed the process of capturing photographs through camera traps has been completed and further processing of the photographs is going on. “The photographs are being analysed and we intend to complete the process in the next few days. We are expecting the total number of tigers to surge. The scat samples have been kept ready for delivery to the Wildlife Institute of India for final vetting,” they said.
Scats reveal information on the type of animal, its diet and its health to the experts, who look for clues in the size, colour and shape of scats and combine this information with additional clues from the habitat, tracks, etc, the forest officials said.
The 2014 census had put the number of tigers, whose presence was noted using camera trap and scat DNA, at five.
In the grand scheme of things, losing out on Rocky Thompson isn't exactly a death knell for the Vancouver Canucks.
The Canucks, to be sure, face weightier problems than finding a head coach for their AHL-affiliate in Utica, N.Y.
For example, they're coming off 28th- and 29th-place finishes the last two seasons. And they need upgrades at every position outside the goal crease. And most of their best prospects are still a couple of years away from making an impact on the National Hockey League team.
You know, little things like that.
So, faced with those staggering challenges, it's unlikely Thompson was going to change the Canucks' fortunes over night. Ultimately, he chose the Las Vegas Golden Knights and their Chicago-affiliate over the Canucks. The Canucks still have a list of eight coaches they'll interview for Utica and they'll identify a suitable candidate.
Life will go on.
“We just want to find the best fit,” Canucks GM Jim Benning said. “Rocky was a real good candidate.”
And maybe it's that simple. The problem is Thompson, who was last seen hoisting the Memorial Cup as head coach of the Windsor Spitfires, wasn't just a good candidate for the Comets. He's the hottest coaching property outside the NHL. He's bright, charismatic, innovative and, at 39, he's still relatively young.
Thompson, in short, represents the qualities the Canucks are trying to sell and landing him would have been a significant coup for the organization; the kind of move that would have been noticed by the rest of the hockey world.
The Canucks, as you may be aware, need a win. It didn't happen this time. In eight days the NHL draft takes place in Chicago. It had better happen then.
“We have four picks in the top 63 (and six in the top 112),” Benning said. “Hopefully we can draft four NHL players. The next couple of weeks are very important for shaping our team. That's why these days are so long.”
And about to get longer.
The Canucks, and the rest of the NHL, are about to enter an extended period of craziness which starts with the expansion draft on Wednesday in Las Vegas, the entry draft in Chicago two days later, followed by the opening of the free-agent market on July 1.
Throw in the various trades and intrigues that will be interspersed over that period and there are the makings of some high old times in the game.
The challenges before the Canucks, however, are different than most teams. Given the events of the last two seasons, they're now confronted with rebuilding their team while attempting to rebuild their credibility.
The problem there is the former takes time and patience and, following 28th- and 29th-place finishes, time and patience aren't luxuries they possess in over-abundance.
Making a splash at the draft would help in that regard. But if anyone thinks they're going to turn Chris Tanev and a bag of beans into the third pick of the draft, I have some waterfront property you might be interested in. The most likely scenario is the Canucks will hang on to their picks, maybe make a middling move in free agency, then try again next year.
That might be the prudent thing to do. But can the Canucks afford to be prudent at this stage?
The cold, hard reality is next season might be as bad as the last two and you're invited to guess at what next summer will look like if that's the case. Will ownership continue to be patient with the plan? Will Benning's job be safe?
More to the point, will there be anyone left who cares if next season turns into another tire fire?
Those are the questions which are asked when a team finishes 28th and 29th. So back to our original point. Should the Canucks have made every effort to land Thompson?
There were some complicating factors. Thompson's daughter, Taze, is a blue-chip hockey prospect who's already committed to Harvard. Chicago offered a high-end program for women's hockey. Utica didn't. That was a problem.
But the Canucks, who spoke to Thompson a couple of times, were also interested in another candidate for Utica. By the time that lead dried up, the former NHL tough guy had signed with the Golden Knights. Maybe that was always going to be the case. But maybe the Canucks could have been more decisive.
Again, Thompson would have fit in with this newly crafted organization. New head coach Travis Green is part of that group. So are new assistant coaches Nolan Baumgartner and Manny Malhotra, goalie coach Dan Cloutier and director of player development Ryan Johnson.
The Canucks, after all, are trying to tell a new story with new characters. No one, it seems, is interested in the old one.
Ewilles@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/willesonsports
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 5000 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Muktar Edris of Ethiopia and Mo Farah of Britain react after crossing the finish line.
LONDON (Reuters) - Mo Farah's aura of invincibility after six years of unrelenting success was finally cracked in his very last major track race on Saturday as he lost his world 5,000 metres title to Ethiopia's Muktar Edris.
Seeking a fitting end to his matchless long-distance racing career before moving to marathon running, the 34-year-old Briton's bid for a fifth straight global 10,000/5,000m double was scuppered as he had to settle for the silver.
Yet even in defeat, Farah demonstrated his champion's spirit as he fought back in the dying metres when it looked as if he would be shut out of the medals completely.
In a thrilling finale featuring four athletes careering towards the line, Farah snatched back second place behind Edris, who clocked 13 minutes 32.79 seconds after a searing final lap of 52.6 seconds.
"I gave it all but I had nothing left at the end," a crestfallen and emotional Farah said.
"It's been a long journey but it's been incredible. It doesn't quite sink in until you compete here and cross the line - I had a couple of minutes to myself - that this is it.
"To be honest with you it takes so much out of me. It's not an excuse, but it took a lot more out of me than I realised."
It was a glorious win for 23-year-old Ethiopian Edris, the fastest man in the world this year, who had lost all his five previous meetings with Farah.
Yet just like Usain Bolt in the 100 metres the previous weekend, it did look a race too far for the weary Briton.
To rub in his victory after years of the Ethiopians being tormented by Farah's brilliance, Edris even gave an impression of his rival's famed "Mobot" celebration as he crossed the line.
"I was highly prepared for this race and I knew I was going to beat Mo Farah," Edris said.
"After the 10km he was maybe tired so he did not have enough for the last kick. I was stronger.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 5000 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Muktar Edris of Ethiopia and Mo Farah of Britain react after crossing the finish line. Lucy Nicholson
"I didn't have much support but we did it. I did the Mobot out of respect as well for him."
Behind Edris, Farah dug deep to battle back from fourth to second when space opened up on the inside over the last few metres to take silver in 13:33.22.
LATE BURST
Kenyan-born American Paul Chelimo claimed bronze in 13:33.30 while Farah's late burst also consigned another Ethiopian Yomif Kejelcha to fourth place in 13:33.51.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 5000 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Muktar Edris of Ethiopia comforts Mo Farah of Britain after the race. Lucy Nicholson
It was a poignant sight after so many Farah celebrations down the years to see him lying on his back, exhausted and forlorn with his arm draped across his face, but his rivals were not about to let the moment pass without celebrating him.
Edris hauled Farah to his feet as his other rivals all wanted to give him a hug of consolation.
It was the great man's first defeat in a major championship race since the 2011 world 10,000 metres final when he also won silver - and, once again, it took dazzling speed to beat him over the last lap.
For once, Farah had been found wanting tactically in the denouement, failing to cover Kejelcha and Edris as they opened up a three-metre lead down the back straight.
Stretching out desperately to hold on but maybe feeling the exertions of his 10,000 metres title win eight days earlier when he was spiked and suffered a knee injury, Farah was also overtaken by Chelimo.
Down the home straight all looked lost for Farah as he appeared blocked in until Kejelcha drifted out from the inside lane trying to block Chelimo, which allowed the Briton the chance to battle through on the inside.
"Tactically, I was trying to cover every move," said Farah, after being consoled by his wife and four children at trackside.
"They had the game plan: one of them was going to sacrifice themselves. That's what they did tonight, and the better man won on the day.
"My legs had it on the home straight. I got boxed in early on - it doesn't normally happen - and couldn't get out."
LAHORE -Justice Mamoon Rashid Sheikh of the Lahore High Court will take up contempt petition today against ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif over his alleged speeches against Supreme Court judges during his rally from Islamabad to Lahore.
Amina Malik of Civil Society Network filed the petition through her counsel Azhar Siddique advocate and submitted that Nawaz Sharif, during his rally from Islamabad to Lahore, made anti-judiciary speeches over Panama Papers verdict against him and his family members.
She alleged that the ex-PM tried to defame superior judicary and scandalise the institution. He (Nawaz) also tried to prejudice the matters pending before the National Accountability Bureau's authorities whose proceedings were to be supervised by a Supreme Court judge, she added.
The petitioner further said that Nawaz Sharif had committed contempt of court, and sedation against the judiciary as well as the state. She requested the court to initiate contempt proceedings against him and others. Also today, LHC Justice Shahid Waheed would hold preliminary hearing of the petition against three members of the provincial assembly.
Zubair Khan Niazi had moved the petition through his counsel Sheraz Zaka advocate and submitted that these MPAs Kh Imran Nazir, Waheed Gul and Majid Zahoor were directors of Lahore Waste Management Company owned by Punjab government and were getting allowances, salaries. On the other hand, the petitoner added, they were enjoying status of members of the provincial assembly.
Niazi argued these MPAs stood disqualified under Article 63 of the Constitution because members of provincial assembly could not work as directors of any government owned company.
He requested the court to declare these three MPAs disqualified to be elected as assembly members.
OUR STAFF REPORTER
(Reuters) - Missouri Governor Eric Greitens, who resigned on Tuesday, had offered to leave office in exchange for dismissal of a felony computer tampering charge against him in a wider scandal, a prosecutor's spokeswoman said on Wednesday.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner spoke to reporters about the deal but declined to comment on an ongoing investigation against Greitens involving possible felony invasion of privacy in connection with an admitted extramarital affair in 2015 with a hairdresser before he was elected.
Greitens has said he is innocent and called the relationship consensual.
In the computer tampering case stemming from questionable fundraising activities, Greitens offered to leave office if Gardner would dismiss the charge, prosecutor's spokeswoman Susan Ryan said. Saying most of the deal was sealed and could not be discussed, Ryan said the most impactful part of it was Greitens saying he would furnish his resignation in exchange for the charge being dropped.
"They offered to do that for the dismissal," Ryan said.
Neither Greitens lawyer nor his representatives immediately responded to a request for comment.
The 44-year-old first-term governor, who was seen as a rising star in the Republican Party, abruptly resigned amid accusations stemming from an extramarital affair and his political fundraising.
Greitens was charged a month ago with felony computer tampering. He is accused of illegally obtaining a donor list to aid his 2016 election campaign from a veterans' charity he founded in 2007.
"Sometimes, pursuing charges is not the right or just thing to do for our city and state," Gardner told reporters.
Greitens, a former Navy SEAL commando, faced the possibility of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached as the Republican-controlled Missouri General Assembly began a special session on May 18 to consider what disciplinary steps to take against him.
Lieutenant Governor Mike Parson, also a Republican, will become governor when Greitens officially leaves office on Friday.
St. Louis prosecutors dismissed the criminal invasion of privacy charge against Greitens on May 14 before his trial got under way but said it would be refiled. A special prosecutor assigned to the case said Tuesday her investigation will continue, according to local news media. Like Gardner, the special prosecutor is a Democrat.
Greitens has called the charges against him part of a political witch hunt and on Tuesday he complained of "legal harassment" with "no end in sight."
But Gardner on Wednesday said Greitens has only himself to blame.
"The consequences Mr. Greitens has suffered, he brought upon himself. By his decisions, his ambition, his pursuit for power," Gardner said.
(Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee and Barbara Goldberg in New York, Editing by Richard Balmforth and Jonathan Oatis)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Running back Justin Davis played the last four seasons in the Coliseum, but the first preseason game against the Dallas Cowboys felt different, at times surreal, for the Rams rookie and former USC standout.
On Sunday, a day after the Rams defeated the Cowboys 13-10, Rams coach Sean McVay said Davis stood out.
“This is a guy who's shown up in practice,” McVay said. “But I thought Justin Davis showed his explosion.”
Davis rushed for a team-high 70 yards in nine carries, including a 32-yard run. But he also fumbled — twice — in two of his first three carries.
After the game, Davis said he learned quickly that it was “definitely not college” and that players were “a whole lot bigger” and smarter.
“I made a couple mistakes here and there,” Davis said. “But all that matters is how I bounce back and how I can eliminate those mistakes in the future.”
Despite the fumbles, McVay liked what he saw.
“What impressed me the most about Justin was his ability to respond,” McVay said. “A lot of guys, you can let that affect you, but I didn't sense that those two plays affected him, he came out and created some explosive runs after that, did a good job competing in protection.”
Davis joined the Rams as an undrafted free agent. It was a puzzling choice given the depth at running back with starter Todd Gurley and the acquisition of Lance Dunbar, who played five seasons with the Cowboys, and backups Malcolm Brown and Aaron Green.
But Dunbar was sidelined for most offseason workouts and has not participated in training camp drills because of a knee injury.
And Davis found himself inserted into Saturday's game behind Gurley and Brown.
A roster spot, once deemed a long shot, now seems within reach.
“The job is still up for grabs,” Davis said, adding, “I never turn down a challenge and I love to compete.”
CAPTION Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. CAPTION Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. Conor McGregor takes questions about his upcoming fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. during media day at the UFC Performance Institute in Las Vegas. CAPTION The Times' Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys. Their discussion includes Sean McVay's first game as coach, quarterback Jared Goff and the arrival of receiver Sammy Watkins from Buffalo. The Times' Gary Klein and Lindsey Thiry break down the Rams' 13-10 victory over the Dallas Cowboys. Their discussion includes Sean McVay's first game as coach, quarterback Jared Goff and the arrival of receiver Sammy Watkins from Buffalo. CAPTION Receiver Sammy Watkins, who the Rams acquired in a trade with the Bills earlier this week, arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday and watched the preseason game against the Cowboys from the sideline. Receiver Sammy Watkins, who the Rams acquired in a trade with the Bills earlier this week, arrived in Los Angeles on Saturday and watched the preseason game against the Cowboys from the sideline. CAPTION Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. drew a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout at his boxing club in Las Vegas. Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. drew a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout at his boxing club in Las Vegas. CAPTION Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. draws a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout attended by the media on Thursday in Las Vegas. Unbeaten boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. draws a big crowd of reporters and photographers during a workout attended by the media on Thursday in Las Vegas.
lindsey.thiry@latimes.com
Follow Lindsey Thiry on Facebook and Twitter @LindseyThiry
Some patient conditions require dental surgery to be done in a hospital operating room. (Black Press files)
Waiting lists will be shortened this year for people requiring hospital admission for dental surgery, B.C. Health Minister Adrian Dix says.
Additional funding this year will allow 900 more procedures for children and adults who require general anesthetic for dental surgery procedures, due to complex medical conditions or developmental disabilities.
“I have heard from parents whose sons and daughters are suffering for long periods in pain, in some cases without any understanding of what is happening to them,” Dix said. “This is something we need to address, and that is why we are taking action today.”
The increase in procedures is the largest increase ever in B.C., Dix said. Health ministry data show that an average of 15 per cent of people needing hospital surgery for dental problems waited more than 26 weeks.
Island Health had more than 20 per cent of patients waiting at least 26 weeks, followed by 14.8 per cent in Fraser health and 10.9 per cent in the Interior Health region.
The total number of hospital-based dental surgeries is funded to increase from 6,200 last fiscal year to 7,100 in 2018-19.
“Recognizing those with developmental disabilities, such as Down syndrome, cerebral palsy and autism, need more access for dental care that can better accommodate their physical needs is long overdue,” said Faith Bodnar, executive director of disability rights group Inclusion B.C.
Portland Ore. -- A Portland Police car was hit this morning by a suspected drunk driver.
A witness told KGW News that she was working with a commercial film crew when the car crashed into the police car.
The crash happened around 4 a.m. on East Burnside and 26th Avenue.
Rachel Brock says the police car was parked on the street to block traffic while the crew of about 50 people worked.
"We were setting up for the shot, everybody was focused working and then suddenly people are yelling get out of the street, get out of the street, and there's a crazy you know loose care coming down the street at us," Brock said.
The driver was taken into custody by Portland police.
"THERE WAS A CRAZY LOOSE CAR COMING AT US!" Suspected drunk driver smashes into Portland Police car and tries to flee on E. Burnside. It was closed for commercial shoot. Nearly 50 crew members OK after hearing shouts to evacuate the street. @KGWNews pic.twitter.com/t8pyQAfZ2T — Eric Patterson (@KGWphotog) July 4, 2018
© 2018 KGW
Risikko on Tuesday revealed that the massive reform is set to be on the parliamentary agenda in the first week of July.
Paula Risikko (NCP), the Speaker of the Parliament, has somewhat unexpectedly shed light on the timetable for the social, health care and regional government reform in an attempt to damper the ongoing speculation that has begun to affect the work of the Finnish Parliament.
“At the moment, it looks like that should be enough,” she said, adding that the timetable will be clarified after the government has drawn its conclusions on the long-awaited statement of the Constitutional Law Committee.
“If necessary, we'll examine if more time is needed after [6 July],” said Risikko.
The Finnish Parliament was initially set to vote on the social, health care and regional government reform bill in early June, while the first legislative amendments related to the reform were to be implemented on 1 July.
The Parliament's Constitutional Law Committee's draft statement on the massive reform was leaked late last week to Ilta-Sanomat, further intensifying the debate surrounding the timetable. The draft statement draws attention to a number of constitutional problems in, for example, the proposed funding of the new social and health care system and the timetable for increasing patients' rights to choose their service provider.
“The committee is of the opinion that a large-scale transfer of tasks to the private sector is in non-compliance with the constitutional obligation of appropriateness until the regulations on the reform's funding and date of implementation have been adjusted,” the statement read according to Ilta-Sanomat.
The leak was on the agenda as the chairpersons of all parties and parliamentary groups convened yesterday to discuss the reform.
Also the chairpersons concluded that the first county elections cannot be held in October, an admission that will facilitate the preparatory work of parliamentary committees, according to Risikko.
Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (Centre) and Minister of Finance Petteri Orpo (NCP) both admitted last weekend that the elections will not be held on schedule and, instead, drew attention to the importance of finalising the draft bill.
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo: Heikki Saukkomaa – Lehtikuva
Source: Uusi Suomi
By Aidan Lewis
TUNIS (Reuters) - A commitment by key Libyan actors to hold elections in December faces multiple obstacles, including the lack of a legal framework for polls and escalating conflict in parts of the country.
French President Emmanuel Macron called the agreement reached in Paris on Tuesday a historic step towards reunifying and stabilising Libya, which has been in turmoil since a NATO-backed revolt toppled Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
Tripoli Prime Minister Fayez Seraj, eastern commander Khalifa Haftar and the leaders of two rival parliamentary assemblies endorsed - but did not sign - an eight-point statement that set the date for parliamentary and presidential elections on Dec. 10, with a commitment to establish the constitutional and legal basis by Sept. 16.
But the question of how such a basis will be set - whether by a referendum on a constitutional draft, a new election law, or an adaptation of Libya's post-uprising constitutional declaration - was left open.
The issue is central because opponents of Haftar, the dominant figure in eastern Libya and a possible candidate for president, want to ensure that presidential and civilian powers over the military are clearly defined before polls are held.
Members of the body that drafted the new constitution called on Wednesday for a referendum before the election, but analysts say that would be hard to achieve.
Haftar's rivals suspect that, given the chance, he would return the country to authoritarian rule. They also blame him for destroying parts of Benghazi and displacing large numbers of residents in a three-year campaign for control of Libya's second-largest city.
Haftar says he is ridding Libya of Islamist extremists and is committed to the electoral process.
As the meeting in Paris took place, Haftar's Libyan National Army (LNA) pressed on with a campaign against Islamists and other opponents in the eastern city of Derna, where the United Nations says fighting is having a "devastating" impact. On Wednesday, the LNA said it had taken control of sites in the Saida Khadija neighbourhood inside Derna, after advancing from the outskirts of the city.
Conflict has also flared in recent weeks in the southern city of Sabha, on the dividing line between two loose alliances that have supported rival political camps in Tripoli and the east since disputed elections in 2014.
There was no mention of the fighting in the Paris statement, though Seraj told reporters he had "appealed for an end to combat in all of Libya - enough blood has been spilt".
Analysts say the conflict and the several hundred thousand people displaced by it could skew the outcome of an election. Some Libyans have said the country is too divided to cope with a national vote.
Security is another challenge. Suicide attackers targeted the offices of the electoral commission in Tripoli in May, killing at least 12 people.
Libya has no national security forces to oversee polls, or effective national institutions that can settle legal challenges. There is no consensus over how to unify the security forces and other divided bodies including the central bank - a further goal set out in the Paris statement.
Suspicion is visible on both sides. Some west Libyan armed groups, including from the key military power base of Misrata, see France as too close to their rival Haftar and stated their opposition to the Paris talks before they began.
A senior LNA source stressed that Haftar had not put his signature to any deal. "Sitting does not mean agreeing, and no agreement was signed at the Paris meeting," he said.
More than 40 eastern members of parliament issued a statement supporting pledges referenced in the Paris declaration to move parliament to Benghazi and to encourage a military unification dialogue in Cairo, a process seen to favour the LNA.
"It's very easy to get Libyans to agree to something, but when it comes down to hashing out the details, that's when the squabbles tend to start," said Tarek Megerisi, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations.
(Additional reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli in Benghazi; Editing by Ulf Laessing and Robin Pomeroy, Larry King)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Rare encounters with 12-14 foot great white sharks happened in two different locations off the Florida coast.
Joanne Fraser of Calypso Dive Charters in Lake Park spotted one great white while on a trip 3.5 miles east of Juno Beach.
"We all descended to about 80 feet, I saw a couple of nurse sharks and a few lemons as we were dropping down, I look over to the east and see a huge shark. (Of course my camera's not ready because we only just jumped in the water). I estimate the shark to be somewhere between 12 to 14 feet and an easy 4 feet wide. All the lemon sharks disappeared, I was fumbling around with my camera trying to get it set up. The shark circled us extremely slowly about 3 times. I thought it was going to come to the crate at one point, but it turned away. That great white made the lemon sharks look like remoras!" she said.
Corey Embree, a dive instructor with Deep Six in Vero Beach, was also on the boat and in the water with his GoPro. "I'm so stoked about this. What a way to start 2017! This was a dream of mine for over 20 years of diving."
Meanwhile, in Port Canaveral, a 12 foot great white was seen swimming around a deep sea fishing charter. The 'Canaveral Princess' was about 25 miles off the port when they spotted the beast coming to the surface. It wasn't the first time either; the same fishing vessel spotted a 14 footer just a week before. (click photo below to play video)
PORTLAND, Ore. -- Public schools in Oregon have one of the lowest graduation rates in the country. The state also requires students be in class for fewer days than students in most other states.
That has people – including a state school board member – questioning whether there is a correlation between those two facts.
Year after year, the state's high school graduation rate is among the worst in the country. Currently, one out of every four students does not graduate high school in four years.
“It's always the students who lose. On every issue, it's the students who lose,” says parent and Oregon Board of Education member Kim Sordyl.
Education advocates say many factors contribute to the state's low graduation rate, including high class sizes, early state times, absenteeism, poverty and budget deficits.
Related: School start times could help Oregon graduation rates
But Sordyl says one factor seems obvious and ignored: Oregon students just don't go to school as much as kids in other states.
Around the country, students in other states average 180 days of instructional time in a school year, according to the National Center for Education Statistics. Those are defined as days when kids are at their desk, learning from a teacher.
In Oregon, the average is about 165 instructional days.* That's among the lowest in the country.
Parents say they're not surprised by the low number of instructional days in Oregon. Mom Heidi Tretheway, whose child used to attend North Clackamas schools, said it even became joke among parents.
“My colleagues and I used to refer to November as ‘No School-vember' because there were so many days out of school in Oregon,” Tretheway said.
With graduation rates in Oregon among the worst in the country, parents say the question quickly becomes: Is it because kids don't go to school as much as kids in other states?
“Absolutely I think there's a correlation between graduation rates and not giving our students enough instruction time,” said Kim Sordyl, the state school board member.
Sordyl was the only member of that group who would talk to KGW about this issue. We called and emailed every other member of the Oregon Board of Education; not a single one responded.
“This isn't rocket science,” Sordyl said. “The problem is, there isn't a will from the governor or the legislature to do anything to improve graduation rates. They're making up excuses, they're delaying, I'm tired of it. I don't need a proclamation that says graduation rates are important. Show me it's important.”
We wanted to talk to Governor Kate Brown, who leads the Oregon Department of Education and acts as the official Superintendent of Schools, but her office directed us to the newly appointed “Joint Subcommittee on Student Success.” That's a group of lawmakers who will tour the state, looking at what works in regard to education, and what does not.
State Representative Diego Hernandez, a Democrat from East Portland, sits on the committee. He also sits on the Reynolds School Board.
“Is there a correlation between high school graduation and the time in the classroom? We really haven't actually done any studies in the legislature,” Hernandez said.
He argued connecting Oregon's low graduation rates to the low number of instructional days is not comparing apples to apples.
Hernandez said there are a host of issues, and they all must be considered by the committee. He said adding more instructional days to catch up with the rest of the country is not the answer.
“Do you want to be in a classroom that doesn't have all the supports its needs, longer? Or do you want quality?” He asked.
Not all parents buy that argument. Tretheway packed up her family and moved to Washington because of Oregon's educational system.
“I used to live in Happy Valley and we moved to Ridgefield specifically for the smaller class sizes and the longer school year,” she said.
If you compare the education of students separated by the Columbia River, the numbers are eye opening. If a student in Washington state starts his or her education in kindergarten and completes it through high school, by the time that student graduates, he or she will have gone to school the equivalent of an entire school year longer than the same student in Oregon.
That's because the Washington student would get an additional 15 instructional days a year over 12 years.
“If we've got other states that are giving a full year of extra instruction time, of course they're going to be ahead of our students,” Sordyl said. She wants the legislature to work with the governor to add instructional days for Oregon students.
At Tualatin High School, the graduation rates are consistently among the highest in the state, hovering around the mid-90th percentile. Principal Darin Barnard puts an emphasis on instructional time for all students.
He hired an “on-track” coordinator to address student absenteeism starting with freshmen.
Because of the limited number of instructional days in Oregon, Barnard said every day in class makes a difference.
“In order for our kids to be successful and have access to the content they need to be in class every day or when they're not, they miss huge chunks of curriculum,” he said.
He said the adage “practice makes perfect” certainly rings true when educating kids.
“The more the better,” Barnard said about the number of school days. “If we want to be good at something we've got to practice at that, we've got to be engaged. I don't know of anyone that doesn't believe more [instructional days] is better.”
*Oregon sets instructional time by hours, instead of days. High school freshmen, sophomores and juniors, for example, are required to have 990 hours of instructional time in a school year. The National Center for Education Statistics assumes a six-hour school day to reach the average of 165 days of instructional days in Oregon.
© 2018 KGW
Manchester United have extended Ashley Young's deal for an extra year by triggering a one-year option in the versatile England wing back's contract, British media said on Monday.The 32-year-old Young, who is in Gareth Southgate's England squad for their next two friendlies, has been in fine form for United, keeping left-back Luke Shaw out of the side.The former Aston Villa winger's deal at Old Trafford was due to finish this season but his performances under Jose Mourinho saw him recalled to the national team squad in November.Young was on the bench for Saturday's 2-0 FA Cup quarter-final win at home to Brighton & Hove Albion but was brought on at halftime for Shaw, whose future at United appears uncertain.Shaw has played just 15 games for United this season, and only seven times in the Premier League, with Young, who joined the club from Villa in 2011, preferred in a wing back role.England visits the Netherlands on Friday and host Italy on Tuesday in their build-up to the World Cup in Russia in June.
JACKSON, N.Y. (AP)  Authorities in New York are searching for a bull that escaped a livestock auction show.
WTEN-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2lNOnMC ) that the bull's owner was unloading the animal from a trailer outside a livestock barn in Cambridge when it sprinted away Tuesday night. Police say the bull was almost hit by a car in the street.
Cambridge police and New York State Police are currently searching for the animal.
Authorities are warning people to stay away from the bull because it's agitated.
Advertisement
___
Information from: WTEN-TV, http://www.wten.com
After an intense two-day search, local military forces Friday recovered the body of a U.S. Army commando who was inadvertently left behind after a daylight ambush by militants killed three other Green Berets in a rugged border region in Niger.
Pentagon officials had not previously announced that a Green Beret was missing in action after the surprise attack on a joint patrol of U.S. commandos and Nigerien troops Wednesday. Six of the 12 Americans on the patrol were killed or wounded.
Officials hoped the missing U.S. Army Special Forces operative might still be hiding in the dense brush, rather than taken captive, and launched a massive search-and-rescue mission with aerial drones and other aircraft, as well as Nigerien ground forces.
The death of four Green Berets in remote West Africa marks the worst single loss of U.S. forces under fire since President Trump took office. The president was briefed on the search and the discovery of the body, officials said.
The casualties came as a heavy blow to the insular special operations community that increasingly shoulders the burden of America's counter-terrorism operations overseas. The four fatalities, as well as two wounded Green Berets, were in the 3rd Special Forces Group based in Ft. Bragg, N.C.
The Pentagon identified the first three fatalities as Staff Sgt. Bryan C. Black, 35, of Puyallup, Wash.; Staff Sgt. Jeremiah W. Johnson, 39, of Springboro, Ohio; and Staff Sgt. Dustin M. Wright, 29, of Lyons, Ga.
Officials did not release the name of the Green Beret whose body was found Friday. It wasn't immediately clear if he was killed in the firefight or died later.
According to the Pentagon, the Special Forces Operational Detachment Alpha, otherwise known as an “A-Team,” went on a routine patrol Wednesday afternoon with about 20 troops from the Niger Armed Forces when they came under heavy fire.
Officials said a barrage of machine gun fire and rocket-propelled grenades from about 50 militants forced the U.S. and Nigerien troops into defensive positions near the border with Mali. The fire peppered the troops' trucks and shattered windows before they could regroup and fire back.
The soldiers called in support from French attack helicopters and fighter jets. It's not clear whether the aircraft fired.
Amid the chaos, the officials said, one of the 12 Green Berets was left behind in a border region notorious for drug smuggling, human trafficking and myriad extremist militias, including allies of Al Qaeda and Islamic State.
The other Green Berets only noticed his absence after they had pulled back.
Col. Mark Cheadle, spokesman for U.S. Africa Command, which oversees U.S. military operations on the continent, said commanders are reassessing whether U.S. forces on patrol are properly supplied to defend themselves.
“We are reevaluating,” he said. “This was not expected. This was clearly something that, had we anticipated this sort of attack, we absolutely would have devoted more resources to it to reduce the risk.”
Cheadle said the patrol had planned to talk to local leaders about security. He said the military has no indication that someone tipped off the militants to set up an ambush in the brush.
“It would've been easy to have good concealment in this terrain,” he said, adding that an unarmed surveillance aircraft was overhead, but no armed air cover because the threat was considered “unlikely.”
Four Nigerien soldiers also were reported killed, with eight wounded. The two wounded Green Berets were flown to the Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany, the largest U.S. military hospital overseas.
The deadly attack drew attention to the little-known U.S. military presence in Niger, an impoverished desert country in Francophone West Africa. About 800 U.S. personnel are deployed there.
Niger is considered strategic for U.S. counter-terrorism operations. It lies between Nigeria to the south, where Islamic State affiliate Boko Haram has been fighting to establish Islamist rule, and Mali to the west, where multiple extremist militias are active.
In all, U.S. special operations teams are deployed in 124 countries to train, advise and assist friendly forces, although most are focused in Africa and the Middle East.
The special operators' clandestine operations and extensive training in guerrilla warfare became critical in tracking terrorist networks rooted in the Middle East and Horn of Africa.
Brig. Gen. Donald C. Bolduc, former commander of U.S. Special Operations Command in Africa, told Special Warfare Magazine, an internal military publication, in January that the future for special operations “isn't in Iraq or Afghanistan but in areas where we're seeing violent extremist organizations spreading, like Africa.”
The program has vastly expanded in recent years as the Obama administration sought to bring U.S. troops home from Iraq and Afghanistan and rely more on U.S.-trained and -armed local forces for counter-terrorism operations.
But it has put a burden on special operations forces who face repeated deployments in remote areas that often have little resources in the case of emergency.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
william.hennigan@latimes.com
Twitter: @wjhenn
ALSO:
U.S. special operations forces face growing demands and increased risks
The U.S. is launching 'danger-close' drone strikes so risky they require Syrian militia approval
The U.S. military is targeting Islamic State's virtual caliphate by hunting & killing its online operatives one-by-one
The head of Mainstreet Research has denied reports that he is considering legal action against pollster Brian Singh, on the same day the company released the results of a review looking into what he called a “catastrophic polling failure” in the Calgary municipal election.
“We are in no way seeking legal action against Mr. Singh,” Mainstreet Research president and CEO Quito Maggi said in a statement Monday. “The letter our lawyer sent weeks ago made that clear and has now been rescinded.”
Singh is the managing director of Calgary-based Zinc Tank market research.
Maggi confirmed in a tweet that the company's lawyer had sent a letter asking for a retraction of comments made by Singh “suggesting we rigged the polls,” but again, said the letter was rescinded.
A letter was sent by our lawyer to Brian Singh weeks ago asking for a retraction of comments suggesting we rigged polls. That letter has been rescinded and I have apologized to Brian unreservedly. This was my mistake, and mine alone #yyccc @MainStResearch pic.twitter.com/JZ4U5FzudO — Quito Maggi (@quito_maggi) December 11, 2017
Singh responded in a tweet of his own that he had not received formal confirmation the letter had been rescinded.
In another tweet, he asked if Calgary media “should cover Mainstreet's poll of the upcoming Calgary-Lougheed byelection.”
Maggi said he has apologized “unreservedly” to Singh and added the polling error in Calgary was “my mistake and mine alone.”
Mainstreet Research predicted a 13-point lead for Bill Smith amongst “decided and leaning voters” in the lead-up to the Oct. 16 election. In fact, Nenshi was re-elected with a 7.6-point lead over his top competitor.
Nenshi declined to comment immediately after the polling firm released the results of the internal review of its polling data.
Maggi said Monday in a statement on his website that a “perfect storm of factors” led to the polling failure in the Calgary election.
“Putting it lightly, we blew it,” he told 770 CHQR's Gord Gillies.
LISTEN: Mainstreet Research president and CEO Quito Maggi discusses the results of an internal review into the polling failure in the Calgary election
View link »
READ MORE: Mainstreet Research apologizes for ‘catastrophic polling failure' in 2017 Calgary election
Maggi suggested the major factor contributing to the skewed results was the “ratio of youth to seniors” in Calgary. He said Calgary is a “unique” situation, where 33 per cent of the population is under the age of 35.
“That ratio is double what the national average is and close to double the provincial average in Alberta,” he explained.
“If there's even a slight interest in turnout and in the voting patterns of youth, it can have a huge effect – a much bigger effect – on poll results.”
Maggi said his polling firm “had trouble reaching people under 35” but that there was also a response bias among voters that did respond. He said 30 per cent of voters who answered the poll prior to the election revealed afterward they had changed their vote.
Maggi reiterated that he believed another factor was Mainstreet Research's failure to poll in multiple languages. He pointed to Statistics Canada data released after the election that found about 90,000 new first-generation immigrants had come to Calgary between 2011 and 2016.
WATCH BELOW: Naheed Nenshi wins third straight term as Calgary's mayor
READ MORE: Calgary election 2017: Polls yield contradictory results
“We knew that number had increased, but not quite so dramatically,” he admitted.
“When we polled [after the election] in Punjabi, Cantonese and Mandarin in Calgary, again, we got dramatically different results,” he said.
Maggi suggested the final factor contributing to the polling failure was the frame redesign.
“After the first poll, we changed the way we were polling – instead of polling city-wide, we did the 14 wards individually – and that was an attempt to make it better,” he said. “Instead, it just made it worse.”
Maggi said Mainstreet Research has already implemented recommendations from the report but that he expects the firm will have to win back Calgarians' trust.
“We're going to have to earn that trust back, but we're not going to shy away from it,” he said. “[We] promise to do better and we will earn that trust back.”
BANGALORE - Russia is close to finalising a deal to build helicopters in India, an executive said Tuesday, a move that would boost Narendra Modi's ambitions to manufacture defence hardware locally.
India is the world's top defence importer and is seeking to revamp its Soviet-era military equipment against an increasingly assertive China. Modi has been encouraging foreign firms to work with local contractors under a "Make in India" campaign, to reduce India's reliance on costly imports. Russia and India first flagged plans for a joint partnership to build Kamov helicopters - a twin-engine chopper used for military and civilian purposes - in 2015. But India has increasingly turned to the United States and France, rather than traditional ally Russia, for its military hardware in recent years. Two Russian firms - Russian Helicopters and state-owned arms exporter Rosoboronexport - are on the brink of finalising a joint venture with India's state-run Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, according to reports.
Viktor Kladov from Rostec, the parent company of Rosoboronexport, said the joint venture would be completed in "one to two months".
"We have conducted multiple negotiations, most recently in January this year," Kladov was quoted as saying by the Press Trust of India news agency.
"The document work for the joint venture has been completed and they have been sent for registration with the relevant government bodies."
The helicopters will replace India's ageing fleet of Cheetah and Chetak helicopters.
President Vladimir Putin has been seeking to seal deals with India to help revive Russia's recession-hit economy, following sliding oil prices and Western sanctions over the Ukraine crisis.
Kladov said he hoped the Kamov choppers would eventually be exported to India's neighbours once the production line was up and running.
"These helicopters are versatile and modular, so they can be used in military, search and rescue, medical and transport tasks," he said.
"It is possible that the regional market, the neighbouring countries may be interested and the choppers can become export products on their own."
India will open a second production line for its light combat aircraft, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said on Tuesday, pressing ahead with a home-grown plane the military has had doubts over for years.
The Tejas fighter entered service last year, 33 years after it was approved as the country sought to build a modern fighter from scratch for an air force that was entirely dependent on foreign - mostly Soviet-origin - aircraft.
But the single-engine plane remains dogged by production delays at state-run Hindustan Aeronautics and only three have so far entered the air force.
Parrikar said the government had just approved an investment of 1.36 billion Indian rupees ($203.47 million) for HAL to lay a second production line to ramp up production of the indigenous fighter.
"We are fully committed to the LCA. In another three months, work on the second line will start," he told reporters on the sidelines of India's biggest air show, where the home-grown fighter was showcased.
Parrikar said two production lines will together produce 16 aircraft to meet the needs of the air force, which is trying to replace its ageing Russian MiG-21 planes.
The Indian navy, however, has rejected the naval version of the Tejas saying it is too heavy to fly from its aircraft carriers and has instead won government approval to buy 57 planes from abroad.
Parrikar said the navy wanted a twin-engine fighter to operate from its carrier and a stronger landing gear. "They are supportive of the LCA programme, they have made a financial contribution to it."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is pushing for the military to cut its dependence on foreign imports and insisting that even foreign manufacturers make their products in India in collaboration with an Indian partner.
WALKER, Mich. (WOOD) — A shipping container filled with relief supplies that never arrived in Haiti is back in West Michigan, four years later.
The 40-foot-long shipping container arrived in the Grand Rapids area around 8:30 a.m. Monday, after a weekend on the road from Miami, Florida.
Target 8 has been tracking the container for years, after it disappeared in December 2013, packed to the top with supplies for Haiti.
Sixteen charities and churches, many based in West Michigan, paid Rays of Hope International to ship a load of medical and other supplies from Grand Rapids to people in need in Haiti.
But in 2013, Rays of Hope International switched its shipping service to a Miami company run by a Haitian businessman. Rays of Hope International says it paid nearly $20,000 and sent the container on its way, but then it vanished. At one point, officials with Rays of Hope International thought the container might have been stolen.
Target 8 Investigators got a tip in the summer of 2015 and began looking for the missing container. Months later, a man from the Haitian Consulate in Chicago found it sitting where it had been dropped off in 2013, at a shipyard in Miami.
The shipper Rays of Hope International hired said he paid another company to transport the container by ship to Haiti. But he said that company took the money and went out of business.
Rays of Hope International, the shipper, and the shipyard in Miami all contacted lawyers. It took two more years and a mediator from the Federal Maritime Commission to reach an agreement that ultimately led to the container's return to the Grand Rapids area Monday.
“There were certainly days when I didn't think I'd be seeing it again,” said Valerie Mossman-Celestin of Haitian Artisans for Peace International.
Her organization had solar-powered electrical equipment packed in the container along with clinic supplies, including medical beds.
“(They were) things they've been waiting a long time for,” she said.
Mossman-Celestin watched the container arrive on Monday and dragged open its heavy door. At first glance, it appeared that everything was still on board and in good condition. However, a quick sniff proved the rice and beans on board didn't fare so well.
The 16 organizations brought the container back to the Grand Rapids area because some of the items on board may have expired or have been damaged while sitting dockside in steamy Miami.
The groups will now offload and examine their supplies, which also included an entire indoor gym for a school in Haiti. The items that are in good condition will be repackaged and shipped off again.
The organizations don't know how they'll pay for transporting the container yet; they're out the money they originally spent.
“I'm guessing we're looking at at least 12 grand to turn this around and get it back to Haiti,” said Mossman-Celestin. “And currently nobody's got that cash in their pocket.”
Haitian Artisans for Peace International and the other groups are hoping generous donors will come forward to make it happen. Those interested in helping can contact HAPI or Rays of Hope International online.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
By Stanley Nkwocha ,Abuja
Hundreds of Pensioners besieged the Oke-awo verifiacation centre in Ado Ekiti, Ekiti State, where the Pension Transition Arrangement Directorate, PTAD, is conducting it's verification exercise for pensioners in the State.
PTAD is currently conducting the exercise in the Southwest region and have mapped out Osun, Ekiti and Ondo States in this batch which commenced yesterday and will run through Friday this week.
The exercise which is being monitored by LEADERSHIP went on without hitches as many pensioners praised PTAD for the initiative, saying it was what was needed to bring challenges associated with pension adminstration to an end.
The process which has several sections including documentation, reviews and verification, data capture/biometrics, digitization and quality assurance went on smoothly as many pensioners remained calm and happy while they underwent the screenings .
While some pensioners faced challenges which centered mostly on documentations on their part, other pensioners were however keen and expressed satisfaction with the efforts of PTAD in computeriing their data as they were seen handy with the several documents requiredof them.
Executive Secretary of PTAD , Sharon Ikeazor who is personally monitoring the exercise in the Southwest had expressed PTAD's resolve to have an enduring and reliable data bank for pensioners , noting that it remained a major turning point in tackling the huge challenge of pension administration in Nigeria.
A retired soldier who spoke to LEADERSHIP but opted not to be mentioned commended the exercise , saying “it has been smooth, splendid and largely successful”.
Like this: Like Loading...
The first decree transferring some powers to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan was issued Wednesday in line with Turkey's move to a presidential system from a parliamentary one brought about by last month's presidential and parliamentary elections.
The decree, issued in the country's Official Gazette, brought about changes in laws dating from 1924 to 2017 changing references to the prime minister and cabinet of ministers to the president and the president's office.
The Turkish electorate approved switching from the parliamentary cabinet system to an executive presidency – proposed by the ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party) and backed by the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) – in a narrowly-decided referendum on April 16, 2017, with 51.4 percent of the votes.
Though the new system was scheduled to kick in after the elections in November 2019, the early elections led to the swift shift to the new system.
In the June 24 elections, the AK Party formed the People's Alliance with the MHP. As a result of the elections, the AK Party had 42.5 percent of the votes, losing the majority in Parliament. The MHP received 11.1 percent of the vote, pushing the People's Alliance to 53.6 percent. While the People's Alliance received 344 parliamentary seats, of which 295 are AK Party deputies, the Nation Alliance, which was formed by the Republican People's Party (CHP), the Good Party (İP) and the Felicity Party (SP), received 189 seats in Parliament.
When President Erdoğan is sworn in, a decree law establishing 16 ministries will be published. He will also announce the new cabinet following the establishment of the ministries.
In a sign of a more streamlined governance, the number of ministers who will be appointed by the president will decrease from 21 to 16. The ministries will not be removed; rather they will be combined, with the Foreign Ministry and European Union Ministry united under a single portfolio.
The same is true for the Customs and Trade Ministry and Economy Ministry, the Ministry of Labor and Social Security, the Ministry of Family and Social Policies, the Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Livestock, the Ministry of Forestry and Water Affairs, the Ministry of Development and the Ministry of Science, Industry, and Technology.
The ED on Tuesday said it has attached assets worth Rs 1,122 crore, including wind mills and an under-construction hotel, of Vadodara-based DPIL Pvt Ltd in connection with its money laundering probe in a bank fraud case.Diamond Power Infrastructure Limited (DPIL) is accused of cheating various banks to the tune of Rs 2,654 crore.The central probe agency had filed a criminal case against the firm and its promoters under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), after taking cognisance of a CBI FIR, and had searched its premises last month."The assets of DPIL and its related companies such as Diamond Power Transformer Ltd, Diamond Projects Ltd, Mayfair Leisures and Northway Spaces have been attached as part of the provisional order."The properties include plant, machinery, building and land of in Vadodara, three windmills in Bhuj, residential bungalows/flats of the Bhatnagar (promoters) family, unsold flats, under-construction hotel and other land parcels held by related companies of DPIL, all located in Vadodara," the Enforcement Directorate (ED) said.The agency said the company, DPIL, through its related entities, was able to gain funds "fraudulently" to the tune of Rs 261 crore by twisting and manipulating the facility of Letter of Credit (LC) from the banks."It also diverted huge amount of funds received as loan/cash credit to its real estate companies such as Northway Spaces and Mayfair Leisures," it said.The promoters, it said, through web of companies and cross holdings were found to be the "main decision makers", controllers and thus the beneficial owners of the company and all the related companies."Therefore, it appears there was little genuine business activity done by the Diamond group of companies and most of the business shown on records was from such fictitious transactions and this has resulted into default of Rs 2654.40 crore to banks," the ED said.The ED is probing if the alleged defaulted loans were laundered to create illegal assets and black money by the accused.The CBI had said DPIL, which manufactures electric cables and equipment, is promoted by S N Bhatnagar and his sons Amit Bhatnagar and Sumit Bhatnagar, who were also the executives of the firm.It is alleged that DPIL, through its management, had fraudulently availed credit facilities from consortium of 11 banks (both public and private) since 2008, leaving behind an outstanding debit of Rs 2,654.40 crore as on June 29, 2016, the CBI said.The loan amount of Rs 2,654 crore was declared a non-performing asset in 2016-17, it said.The company and its directors managed to get the term loans and credit facilities, in spite of the fact that they were named in the Reserve Bank's defaulters list and ECGC (Export Credit Guarantee Corporation) caution list at the time of the initial sanction of credit limits by the banks consortium.Among them, Bank of India's exposure to the company is Rs 670.51 crore, Bank of Baroda's Rs 348.99 crore and that of ICICI Bank Rs 279.46 crore, the CBI FIR said.
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama on Monday said India and China cannot defeat each other and both the countries will have to live together as neighbours.The spirit of "Hindi-Chini Bhai Bhai" is the only way forward, he stressed."In the current border situation, neither India nor China can defeat the other. Both countries are militarily powerful," the Dalai Lama said.Both the countries will have to live together as neighbours, he said. "There may be some incidents of cross-border firing. It does not matter," he said.The Dalai Lama was responding to questions by reporters at an event here.He said, "In 1951, a 17-point agreement was signed between the Local Government of Tibet and People's Republic of China for peaceful liberation of Tibet. Today China is changing and has become a country with the highest Buddhist population. They (India and China) should go back to 'Hindi Chini Bhai Bhai' again."It is a Communist government but Buddhism is widely accepted, he said."Earlier, the Dalai Lama used to be the head of spiritual and political movements in Tibet, but in 2011, I totally retired from politics. It was a way of democratising the institutions, because it had some feudal elements in it," said the 14th Dalai Lama.He suggested that India should "develop pilgrimage for Chinese" people who are followers of Buddhism."We must understand that the followers of Buddhism in China are actually following the line of Indian Buddhism that came from Nalanda (Indian seat of learning) and Sanskrit," said the spiritual leader."India should develop a pilgrimage for Chinese people who follow Buddhism. These people can come to places like Bodh Gaya and can come closer to India emotionally as well," he said.India and China have been locked in a standoff in the Dokalam area since June 16 after Chinese troops began constructing a road near the Bhutan trijunction.Commenting on the definition of secularism in the Indian context, the Dalai Lama said, "Respect for all religions and even the non-believers too. This is the definition of secularism in Indian context.""During the French Revolution and the Bolshevik movement, people opposed the exploitation by their kings and queens. Then religious institutions were supporting the feudal lords; hence the revolution also went against them. That's why in the western context, secularism has become a word expressing disrespect to religion," he said."Even an Indian communist leader had once told me that as a communist party worker, he does not believe in God. But for the people who he works for, they do believe in God and it is his duty to respect their feelings. I welcome such a mature approach," the Dalai Lama said.
Kenneth E. Brangenberg, 90, of Kampsville, died Saturday, March 17, 2018, at home, surrounded by family.
Visitation will be 5-8 p.m. Thursday, March 22, at Gress, Kallal, and Schaaf Funeral Home in Hardin. Mass of Christian burial will be at 10 a.m. Friday, March 23, at St. Anselm's Church in Kampsville. Burial will follow at Silver Creek Cemetery in Kampsville with full military rites.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) on Friday won the Nobel Peace Prize for its work to draw attention to the ‘catastrophic humanitarian consequences' of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons. The Nobel for the forum, which was instrumental in pushing through the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons (TPNW) in July this year has given fresh impetus to its partner organizations in India and Pakistan, both nuclear-armed states, to write to Prime Ministers Narendra Modi and Shahid Khaqan Abbasi to work towards eliminating their respective stockpiles.Since its inception, ICAN has partnered with 468 Non-governmental organization (NGOs) in 101 countries. It has three partner-organizations each in India — Indian Doctors for Peace and Development (IPDP); Indian Institute for Peace, Disarmament and Environmental Protection (IIPDEP); and Popular Education and Action Centre (PEACE) — and in Pakistan — Community Motivation & Development Organization (CMDO); Pakistan Doctors for Peace and Development (PDPD); and Alliance for Peace and Disability Rights (APDR).Dr Arun Mitra, Ludhiana-based co-president of IDPD, told News 18, “Nobel Peace Prize is a recognition of constant efforts of the forces of peace who worked hard and became instrumental in getting the TPNW through in the UN General Assembly on July 7, 2017. The campaign was started nearly a decade ago, in which many peace organizations worked together... It is now time that the nuclear weapon states come forward and sign the treaty.”The Indian subcontinent, with two of the world's eight nuclear-armed countries, has often been described as one of the most dangerous places in the world. While the eyes of the world are currently trained on the US-North Korea spat over the latter's military nuclear program, rising tensions between India and Pakistan over the last year have also raised fears of a potential war.“ICAN has partner organizations in 101 countries but those of us in India and Pakistan have a particularly difficult job to do. After all, we are operating out of nuclear-armed neighbor states that are at each other's throats half the time. Our job is to lobby with two governments with nukes that distrust each other. That is why we have decided to co-author a letter with our friends in the PDPD, a Karachi-based organization, addressed to the Prime Ministers of both India and Pakistan. We plan to send the letter to both of them on Saturday,” he said.The letter, a copy of which is with News 18, reads, “As medical professionals we are deeply concerned over the catastrophic health crises that would follow in the event of nuclear fallout. Indian Doctors for Peace and Development (IDPD) and Pakistan Doctors for Peace and Development (PDPD) both affiliates of International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War (IPPNW), recipient of Nobel Peace Prize in 1985 have been campaigning for total nuclear disarmament, check on proliferation of small arms, solution to all the issues through mutual dialogue and end to violence of all kinds.”The letter further appeals the Prime Ministers to focus, instead, on the large-scale poverty in both nations. It says, “We are poor countries and need to cut down on the arms race significantly to improve the lifestyle including health and education of our people. It is therefore imperative that both Pakistan and India not only sign the treaty but also convince other nuclear weapon possessing countries to be part of this multilateral global effort for abolition of nuclear weapons.”Currently, there are eight nations in the world that possess nuclear weapons. These are the United States of America, Russia, the United Kingdom, France, China, India, Pakistan and North Korea. Israel, too, is believed to possess nuclear weapons, though the middle-eastern nation has not officially declared such. India, Pakistan and North Korea are not signatories to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).India had refused to be a part of it in the 1960s, claiming the NPT regime to be discriminatory. India said it created a world of “haves” and “have-nots”. In 2006, after a round of negotiations between then US President George W Bush and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, India decided to separate its civilian and military nuclear programs. Pakistan, too, has refused to become a part of the NPT.On Thursday, Indian Air Force (IAF) Chief BS Dhanoa had on Thursday assured the nation that “if the need arises”, the IAF had the capability to disarm Pakistan's nuclear arsenal by conducting what he called a “full-spectrum” operation. This triggered an angry reaction from Pakistani Foreign Minister Khwaja Asif who in Washington on Friday warned that if India launched surgical strikes against Pakistan or targeted its nuclear installations, “nobody should expect restraint from Islamabad”.
A students group has made another pitch to a Newfoundland town council to allow a rainbow crosswalk to be painted in their small community after councillors initially rejected the idea, sparking a province-wide debate over the issue.
Three teenagers from Indian River High School's Gender-Sexuality Alliance made presentations to Springdale town council on Monday evening, hoping to convince councillors to reverse an earlier decision against the proposal.
READ MORE: Canadian celebrities roast Newfoundland town council for rejecting rainbow crosswalk
Christina Pelley, one of the group's teacher sponsors, said council made no decision after the three girls talked about everything from what their group is and statistics on mental health and LGBTQ youth, to what a rainbow crosswalk represents.
“They did a fantastic job and whatever happens, it's a positive for those girls and for the entire group,” she said Tuesday.
“There are a lot of conversations that have been started – important conversations that will keep going no matter what the result is, whether we get our rainbow crosswalk or not.”
Councillors didn't vote on the material that was presented.
WATCH: Rally held in support of Woodstock, N.B. rainbow crosswalk
Lorinda Goudie, administrative assistant for the Springdale town council, said Tuesday there is no follow-up council meeting planned at this time.
She said it's not known if or when the council may vote again on the crosswalk.
The mayor and other councillors were not immediately available Tuesday for comment.
Earlier this month, the council voted four to three against painting the crosswalk – something that's been done across the country as a symbol of inclusion and support for the LGBTQ community.
The result prompted prominent Newfoundlanders to criticize the council for rejecting the rainbow, and offer their support to people in the LGBTQ community.
If you're a LBGTQ kid in Springdale, please know that there are a whole lot of people in Newfoundland & Labrador that support you. Inclusion never divides. Your mayor is being a tool. You're awesome. https://t.co/vAdcskj6or — Mark Critch (@markcritch) April 19, 2018
“If you're a LGBTQ kid in Springdale, please know that there are a whole lot of people in Newfoundland and Labrador that support you,” tweeted comedian Mark Critch, anchor of CBC's “This Hour Has 22 Minutes.”
“Inclusion never divides. Your mayor is being a tool. You're awesome.”
Ruth Cameron, another teacher sponsor and vice-principal of the school, said they are getting a lot of support in Springdale for the crosswalk, which they hoped would run between the school and the local stadium.
She said the group has also offered to raise funds to create the colourful crosswalk, but that they wouldn't want to infringe on union jobs to do it.
READ: Halifax's rainbow crosswalks getting new coat of paint, 5 new locations
“One of our mandates as a group is to try to educate more people about some of the issues around this and that people feel safe and don't feel alone, and that's something that's coming out of this,” she said of the alliance, which has about 25 core members and was started in 2014.
Ryan Reid, who has been an advocate in Springdale for the crosswalk, said it demonstrates the importance of inclusiveness and acceptance in the community and within the school.
At its May 3 Gala, Conexx: America Israel Business Connector will honor the people and companies who have made significant contributions to Southeast-Israel economic and business relationships.The 16th annual event will be at The Twelve Hotel, Atlantic Station in Atlanta at 6 p.m.The Conexx Gala is Conexx's community flagship event and networking opportunity. Formerly known as Eagle Star Awards, the gala changed its name to better reflect Conexx's work toward connecting the Southeast and Israel in business.The Southern Company will be recognized as U.S. Company of the Year, with Tosaf taking the honors as Israeli Company of the Year. The Tom Glaser Leadership Award will go to Georgia Governor Nathan Deal. The Atlanta Jewish Times will be recognized as community partner, and Nexidia will be recognized for the Deal of the Year.According to Conexx, “Governor Deal has been a steadfast supporter of Georgia's economic and strategic ties with Israel.” He led a five-day business mission to Israel in the summer of 2014 that included business leaders and State of Georgia officials. The delegation visited Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Caesarea, Herzliya and Atlanta's sister city of Ra'anana.The Southern Company serves customers in Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi and the Florida panhandle. Tosaf, an Israeli advanced plastics manufacturer, established its U.S. operations in Bessemer City, N.C., in 2014.In January 2016, Israeli company NICE Systems acquired Atlanta's Nexidia interaction analytics software company for $135 million.Past awardees include South Carolina businesswoman Anita Zucker, Hewlett Packard, the City of Atlanta and Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.Conexx looks to make connections to Israel with companies, organizations and individuals in Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee and the Carolinas. Since its founding 22 years ago, the private non-profit and non-governmental organization has been involved in over $1 billion in completed transactions.The gala helps support Conexx and charitable affiliate the American Israel Educational Institute's yearlong programming. Over the past 25 years, Conexx and AIEI have earned a reputation as one of the most successful and effective bi-national business organizations in the United States.The groups work with Israeli companies seeking to establish a U.S. operation, gain access to the U.S. market, and create an American presence with low cost and high visibility.They also assist American companies desiring entry into the Israeli market or who wish to gain access to cutting-edge Israeli innovations.Another emphasis is for those looking for a powerful network to promote their products or services to others within the strong Conexx membership base.This year's Gala will feature a raffle that includes a grand prize of two airline tickets to Israel, a week stay in a Jerusalem apartment, courtesy of Judy and Shai Robkin and a weekend in the 5-star Carlton Hotel in Tel Aviv.Stephanie Abrams of The Weather Channel will emcee the gala.Gala tickets are $125. A package including one ticket to the raffle, with a grand prize of a trip to Israel, is $165. Raffle tickets are $50 individually.
An offshore oil platform near Santa Barbara will be decommissioned and its operator, Venoco, is seeking bankruptcy protection, nearly two years after the platform was idled when an onshore pipeline ruptured and spilled a massive amount of oil into the ocean, the state and company said Monday.
The State Lands Commission said it received documents from Venoco relinquishing rights to the South Ellwood oil field leases in the Santa Barbara Channel, including Platform Holly and a pier in the city of Goleta.
Platform Holly has not produced since May 19, 2015, when an onshore, underground line owned by Plains All American Pipeline spilled more than 120,000 gallons of crude into the ocean. The line, which transported oil produced by Holly, remains shut down. There is no estimate for when it might reopen.
Denver-based Venoco, which acquired the leases in 1997 from Exxon Mobil Corp., simultaneously announced it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and expects its assets to be sold. Most are in Southern California, except for an onshore field in Texas.
“Today's filing is the result of unfortunate circumstances impacting the company's financial strength, including the ongoing closure of Plains All American Pipeline's Line 901,” Mike Wracher, Venoco's chief operating officer, said in a statement.
He added: “We have pursued a number of market-based and regulatory solutions to address these challenges during the last year. Despite these considerable efforts, our financial position now compels us to take this action.”
Venoco had been seeking to restructure as recently as last summer to eliminate $1 billion of debt, but said at the time that low oil prices and the Line 901 shutdown were serious problems.
The State Lands Commission said the relinquishment of claims to the leases effectively ends commercial oil and gas production in state waters at that location in the Santa Barbara Channel and leaves about 85 million barrels of oil in the ground. New offshore oil and gas leases are prohibited by California's Coastal Sanctuary Act.
The decommissioning of Platform Holly is a “landmark in the evolution of California's energy portfolio,” Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, the commission's chairman, said in a statement.
“As President Trump voices his determination to expand oil drilling and 20th century energy policies, California is pioneering the sustainable alternative that protects our coastlines and environment while gaining a strong foothold in the future energy and global economy,” it said.
Platform Holly stands a few miles off the south Santa Barbara County coast, part of a series of oil platforms in waters between the mainland and the Channel Islands.
The commission said it will develop a plan for the costly process of plugging 32 wells in the South Ellwood Field, removing Platform Holly and decommissioning the Goleta Beach Pier, a process expected to take three years.
Venoco will remain responsible for securing and maintaining the facilities at its own cost until May 1, when the company will be temporarily reimbursed by the commission until a third party is hired. The commission said it will involve itself in the bankruptcy process and submit claims for costs against Venoco.
The commission noted that Venoco generated about $160 million in state revenue from royalties and rent without any significant spills on state property during the last 20 years.
I am glad to the school of my kid . Who gave him an opportunity to play the character of " natkhat nandlala" pic.twitter.com/pJ9V1MHffX — Nawazuddin Siddiqui (@Nawazuddin_S) August 13, 2017
Nawazuddin Siddiqui is ecstatic that his two-year-old son, Yaani got a chance to play Lord Krishna at his school's Janamashtami function.The 43-year-old actor took to Twitter where he posted a picture of his younger child dressed as one of Vishnu's beloved reincarnations with a flute in his hands."I am glad to the school of my kid that gave him an opportunity to play the character of natkhat nandlala," wrote Nawaz, alongside the photograph of little one.While the actor's son had a gala time playing Kanha, the Munna Micheal actor pulled out of a Ramleela event last year after Shiv Sena protested that no Muslim had been a part of the production for over 50 years
The Yang Ming shipping line container ship Ym Utmost is unloaded at the Port of Oakland on Monday, July 2, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. The Trump administration on Friday, July 6, 2018, will start imposing tariffs on $34 billion in Chinese imports. Ben Margot AP Photo
U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron emphasized pomp and ceremony on Monday as Macron began a state visit to Washington likely to be dominated by differences with the United States over trade and the nuclear accord with Iran.As Macron headed to the United States, the Iranian government urged European leaders to convince Trump not to tear up the 2015 deal between Tehran and six world powers.The French president said on Sunday there was no "Plan B" for keeping a lid on Tehran's nuclear ambitions.He is on something of a rescue mission for what is formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), which Trump has said he would scrap unless European allies fix by mid-May what he calls "terrible flaws.""This visit is very important in our current context, with so many uncertainties, troubles and at times threats," Macron said in French remarks as he arrived in Washington.Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif called on European leaders to support the agreement."It is either all or nothing. European leaders should encourage Trump not just to stay in the nuclear deal, but more important to begin implementing his part of the bargain in good faith," Zarif wrote on Twitter.The deal reached between six powers - all of whom but Germany are nuclear-armed - and Tehran put curbs on Iran's nuclear programme in exchange for sanctions relief.Minutes after Macron touched down in the United States, the White House said it had no announcements on the Iran deal."The president has been extremely clear that he thinks it's a bad deal. That certainly has not changed," White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said.Macron said on "Fox News Sunday" it would be better to protect the deal instead of getting rid of it. "Is this agreement perfect and this JCPOA a perfect thing for our relationship with Iran? No. But for nuclear, what do you have as a better option? I don't see it," he said.Macron's visit is the first time Trump has hosted a state visit since he took power in January 2017. While the French leader has tried to develop a close relationship with Trump since he took office last May, he has so far seen few tangible results on issues from Iran to climate politics.Macron and his wife, Brigitte, shortly after their arrival at the Blair House residence, took quickly to the streets of Washington, walking past the White House complex to the Lincoln Memorial and greeting tourists.Macron brought with him an oak tree sapling for planting on the South Lawn of the White House. The tree came from the Belleau Woods, site of a World War One battle in 1918 where 9,000 Americans died. Trump and Macron shovelled dirt on the freshly planted tree as the cameras clicked. "France is a very special country," said Trump. "It's a great honour."Trump and his wife, Melania, and the Macrons then flew aboard Trump's Marine One helicopter to dine at Mount Vernon, the Virginia home of George Washington, the first U.S. president and Revolutionary War commander whose alliance with France was critical to victory over the British.The Trumps and Macrons spent about two hours at Mount Vernon. "We had a great dinner," President Trump told reporters as they boarded the helicopter for the return trip to the White House.Working meetings will be held at the White House on Tuesday before Macron addresses the U.S. Congress the following day, the anniversary of the day French General Charles de Gaulle addressed a joint session of Congress in 1960.Trump and Macron began their friendship a year ago in Belgium with a jaw-clenching handshake. While some other European leaders have kept a distance from Trump, Macron has worked hard to remain close to the U.S. president. The two leaders speak frequently by phone.Iran has long maintained that its nuclear programme was for peaceful purposes.Macron also wants to persuade Trump to exempt European nations from metal tariffs that are part of the U.S. president's plan to reduce chronic trade deficits with countries around the world, chiefly China.His visit comes at a time of mounting alarm in Europe over the effect that U.S. sanctions on Russia will have on their own manufacturing industries.French officials said Paris and other European governments were coordinating efforts to persuade Trump to ease sanctions on Russia, including measures against Russian aluminium producers."There are concerns raised by the extraterritoriality effects of the new sets of sanctions," a French finance ministry source said. "Europeans ... have jointly warned the U.S. administration about the economic impact and consequences and the need to find solutions."The official said France, Germany, Italy and Ireland were working together on the matter. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will hold talks with Trump in Washington later in the week.Macron and Trump are also due to discuss Syria less than two weeks after the United States, France and Britain launched air strikes there in retaliation for a suspected chemical weapon attack that killed dozens.Macron said last week he believed he had persuaded Trump to keep U.S. troops in Syria, though Trump has been insistent on bringing them home.
1. Other than the United States itself, eight countries – China, Japan, Germany, UK, France, India, Italy and Brazil – have larger economies than the U.S. state of Texas at $1.65 trillion.
2. The national economy that, at $1.55 trillion, is closest in nominal GDP size to (but slightly smaller than) Texas is Canada, with its 37 million people.
3. The economy of Texas is 38% – or fully $1 trillion – smaller than California's economy, which is the largest U.S. state economy.
4. Texas, the second-largest U.S. state economy, is dominated by the oil industry and associated support sectors.
5. Extractive industry (oil, gas, mining), while still smaller than manufacturing or government, accounts for $127 billion (nearly 8%) of the Texas economy.
6. Texas's economy is 8.8% larger than New York's economy, which totaled $1.49 trillion in 2016.
7. The largest sectors of New York state's economy, which overall accounts for 8% of the U.S. economy, are finance/insurance (Wall Street), real estate and government.
8. In addition to the eight countries with larger economies than Texas, Canada makes the ninth national economy larger than New York.
Sources: The Globalist Research Center, U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, U.S. Census Bureau, World Bank
SALEM, Ore. — The head of Oregon's emergency management agency has apologized after a cryptic emergency alert was forced out to cell phones in and around Oregon's capital city, displaying the words "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action," but carrying little other information.
Andrew Phelps said late Tuesday that a technical glitch had cut off crucial information: that the alert concerned contaminated drinking water in the Salem area.
But many people in the Willamette Valley didn't realize that at around 8:30 p.m. when they received a civil emergency alert on their phones that said "prepare for action" but didn't provide any more information.
The Marion County Sheriff's Office, and other law enforcement agencies in the Willamette Valley, quickly posted on social media that the alert was intended to notify people about the toxins in Salem's drinking water. They also asked people to not call 911.
OEM said the alert was requested by the City of Salem to alert residents about the drinking water advisory but "defaulted to civil emergency verbiage."
"This was a technology issue which OEM is currently working to learn how and why it happened," OEM said in a statement. "OEM understands the default message caused concern among residents and is working to learn the issue to be corrected."
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
The systems are capable of pushing messages directly to every cell phone in a given area, even if users haven't subscribed or downloaded an app.
Residents in Marion, Yamhill, Benton, Lincoln, Deschutes and Clackamas counties reported receiving the message Tuesday night.
"Our center was completely bogged down with 911 calls after the alert went out," said Lt. Chris Baldridge with the Marion County Sheriff's Office.
Baldridge said when 911 lines become tied up, people with actual emergencies cannot get through or their call times become longer.
Woodburn Police Chief Jim Ferraris sent out a tweet saying the message had been sent by the Office of Emergency management in error.
If you received this alert Woodburn area residents, please disregard. We've learned from State OEM it was sent in error and was intended for the Salem area about water issues. @CityofWoodburn @WoodburnFireDst @WoodburnPolice @MCSOInTheKnow @Metcom_911 @MarionCountyEM pic.twitter.com/9ulkEJMTze — Chief Jim Ferraris (@chiefferraris) May 30, 2018
A corrected alert was sent later with the appropriate information.
Follow-up message from the Office of Emergency Management (Photo: Statesman Journal)
Statesman Journal
Earlier on Tuesday, low levels of toxic algae was discovered in Salem's drinking water, prompting officials to issue an advisory that parents should not give tap water to children under 6 years old. People with compromised health and immune systems should also avoid the tap water.
More: Salem drinking water contaminated, children advised to avoid tap water
The Associated Press contributed to this article.
© 2018 KGW
The Mark Hotel, located in one of Manhattan's most coveted and discreet locations a stone's throw from Central Park and the Metropolitan Museum of Art, received the top rating in Bilanz, Switzerland's leading business magazine, which gave the property its much anticipated and coveted #1 rating in The World's 100 Best City Hotels Award.
The Mark is an international leader in hospitality that has become the hotel of choice for a savvy clientele of global power players since it re-opened almost a decade ago after a bold renovation by French interior designer Jacques Grange; it was Mr. Grange's very first commercial project in the United States.
Bilanz's rating follows a long list of awards and accolades The Mark has received over the years since its re-imagination by Grange, including Condé Nast Traveler's Hot List and Gold List for several years in a row, Condé Nast Traveler's Reader's Choice Awards in 2014 & 2016, U.S. News & World Report Best Hotels list in 2014, 2015 & 2017, as well as Travel & Leisure's Gold List, to name a few.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
The Iowa Department of Public Health announced Monday that patrons of two central Iowa restaurants may have been exposed to measles.
Photo courtesy: MGN
The department said in a news release that it received confirmation from the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services of a person with a confirmed case of measles who exposed Iowans to the highly contagious disease at restaurants in Des Moines and Ankeny.
Anyone who visited the Hardees at 3621 Merle Hay Road on April 13 between 8:15 a.m. and 11:45 a.m. or the Panera Bread located at 2310 S.E. Delaware Avenue April 16 from noon to 4 p.m. was exposed to measles.
Iowa Department of Public Health warns that it is too late for Iowans exposed to the measles to receive preventive measures.
Anyone who experiences symptoms consistent with measles (fever, cough, red/pink eyes, runny nose and/or a rash) is encouraged to call their health care provider immediately and arrange to be seen safely.
Furthermore, the department urges anyone with measles symptoms not to go to their doctor's office, an emergency room, local public health agencies or walk-in clinics until arrangements are made with doctors, as they could expose others to measles.
"Staying home is a good idea when you have any illness, but especially with measles,” Deputy State Epidemiologist Ann Garvey. “It spreads pretty quickly and easily."
Garvey said the measles exposure is a good reminder for Iowans to check their vaccination statuses.
“This serves as a good reminder to folks who may not be vaccinated or who are unsure what their vaccination status is,” she said.
The Department of Public Health said that the Hardee's and Panera locations are safe to visit again and that neither restaurant could have prevented the measles exposure.
View the original story on KCCI's website.
Founder and Chief Executive Officer of H. Pierson Associates Limited, Eileen Shaiyen has identified seven critical high-impact areas that Nigeria must focus on to achieve true economic development. She made this known at the recent annual lecture of the Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria (CIBN) where she was a panelist.
Joining other stakeholders in the finance sector to discuss the theme ‘Of Banks and Bankers: Finance and the Challenge of Economic Development in Nigeria' as delivered in the lecture by the former deputy governor of Central Bank of Nigeria and presidential aspirant Kingsley Moghalu, Shaiyen argued that a large population of Nigerians reside in the rural areas according to the statistics presented by the speaker. Thus, a large chunk of the labour force is employed by the Micro, Small and Medium-size enterprises (MSMEs).
“MSMEs contribute probably about 90 percent to employment and 50 percent to GDP. With these statistics, how can we make great impact towards achieving economic development? For us to achieve this, we have to look at the MSMEs because of the wide role they have and the fact that we need to cover the majority of over 200 million people who are not living in Lagos.”
She further emphasised on the other impact areas which include strong consumer lending, funding to health, education, agriculture value chain, as well as women and exports.
According to her, the major type of funds needed by these high-impact areas for economic development is ‘patient money' which largely includes low-cost revolving credit and then capital, both of which should be readily available on a wide-scale, especially in the hinterlands. While recognizing the role of commercial and merchant banks in the country, Shaiyen however expressed doubt that they can deliver effectively on the mentioned areas. “We need a change of positioning in which microfinance banks and similar grass-root focused and capital-providing entities, begin to take the front row in our funding and financial sector discourse and strategies,” she stated.
Using India as a case study, she pointed out that the Asian country has 93,550 rural cooperative banks, 1,589 urban cooperative banks, several cooperative credit institutions and 56 regional rural banks in additions to its regular commercial and foreign banks
“Most importantly, the financial ecosystem in India, significantly elevates these grassroots financial institutions to a position of primary and strategic focus and impact assurance and not as ‘third cousins' to the commercial banks.”
Although she lauded the Bankers body for their choice of topic for the conference, she however challenged them to deploy their platform to change the narrative and focus towards these institutions that are critically needed for change in the listed areas. She also tasked the CIBN to deploy its research and advocacy facilities to develop an index to track the impact of the various categories of banks on economic development.
“The goal will be to push more support and appropriate positioning towards providers of widespread, rurally accessed patient money.”
Also speaking at the event, Chairman, Nigerian Economic Summit Group, Kyari A. Bukar who also chaired the lecture, emphasised on the need to give more support to funding sources for start-ups such as Venture Capital Funds and Angel Investors.
Other panelists who made major contributions at the lecture include Consul General, Federal Republic of Germany, Mr. Ingo Herbert; MD/CEO Cowry Assets Management, Mr. Johnson Chukwu; MD/CEO Infrastructure Bank, Kunle Oyeloye; MD/CEO Nova Merchant Bank Chinedu Ikwudinma; and Advisory Partner/Chief Economist, PWC Nigeria, Dr. Andrew Nevin.
Broughton is rated as the No. 24 recruit in the nation for the Class of 2018 according to espnW. (Source: WSFA 12 News)
The Generals' Senior guard helped the team to a 23-10 overall record and a trip to the Class 7A state semifinals this season. (Source: WSFA 12 News)
On Monday, the Gatorade Company announced Lee High School's Zipporah Broughton the 2017-18 Gatorade Alabama Basketball Player of the Year. She is the third straight Montgomery-area athlete named to the honor, after Bianca Jackson (2016-17, Brewbaker Tech) and Jasmine Walker (2015-16, Jeff Davis High School).
The Generals' Senior guard helped the team to a 23-10 overall record and a trip to the Class 7A state semifinals this season. Broughton is rated as the No. 24 recruit in the nation for the Class of 2018, according to espnW.
Not only is she incredible on the court, she has a stellar reputation in the classroom. Broughton has maintained a 4.41 GPA, which accounts for the No. 1 overall ranking in her class academically.
Zipporah has signed a National Letter of Intent to play basketball on a scholarship at Rutgers University starting this fall. She wrapped up her high school season with 2,045 points.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
When you click on links to various merchants in this article and make a purchase, this can result in Engine Swap Depot earning a commission.
This 1989 Porsche 944 S2 is for sale on eBay (affiliate link - we may earn a commision when a product is purchased from this link) with a current bid of $8,500 and located in Burlington, Kentucky. The factory 3.0 L inline-four suffered a failure in 2011 and the previous owner swapped in a turbocharged 2.5 L inline-four from a 1986 944 Turbo (951). The engine was rebuilt before installation with some work performed on the heads. The suspension has also been upgraded with Paragons Koni Cup coilovers on all four corners and 986 front control arms. The current owner includes a lot of documentation, record, and receipts of previous work.
Source: eBay (affiliate link - we may earn a commision when a product is purchased from this link)
Local Women's Group Looks To Educate Community About Human Trafficking
April 17, 2017
An issue that is relevant not only globally, but also locally, will be the focus of an event in Brighton this month.
On Saturday, April 29th, the Brighton First United Methodist Church will host an event that tackles the topic of human trafficking. “Removing the Veil of Silence” is a first time program that the United Methodist Women's group seeks to educate the community through. Event organizer Marsha Ikle says the response to the issue of human trafficking needs to be threefold- awareness, education and action. Ikle says it is time to bring human trafficking to the forefront of community discussion.
Ikle says the more the United Methodist Women's group began to research the topic, the more they realized how relevant it is to the community. Michigan ranks number two in the country for the highest volume of human trafficking in the sex trade, with Nevada as number one. In the county alone, the Livingston County Abolitionist Project reports that between 186 to 322 victims have been identified.
Ikle says through education and by combining local efforts, the community can approach this problem in a more powerful and direct way. The event will include a presentation from Reverend Carrie Woods, a Methodist minister who began a grassroots organization called the Pearls of Great Price Coalition, which fights human trafficking in southeast Michigan. Mary Kapp, Detective First Lieutenant and a 31-year veteran of the Michigan State Police, will also educate guests about how to identify human trafficking and related trends.
The event runs from 10am to noon and will offer coffee and refreshments. A free-will donation will also be accepted which will be used to continue the work of the Pearls of Great Price Coalition. (DK)
Posted Yesterday, 09:51 PM
I have been using this discount for over a month. Spend >$59 and get 20% off your existing and future purchases. The discounts work on pre-orders and are stackable on promotions as well. https://www.direct2d....com/#!/rewards
I used the discount on Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire Obsidian Edition.
https://www.direct2d...edition/5013227
A 15-year-old boy was in critical condition Monday evening following a shooting near the Los Angeles Police Department's 77th Street Station.
Two males are being sought in connection with the attack, authorities said.
The shooting was reported shortly after 4 p.m. in the 7600 block of South Broadway. The victim was taken to a hospital and is in critical condition, said LAPD spokeswoman Liliana Preciado.
Two males approached the victim and shot him in what is believed to be a gang-related attack, Preciado said. A detailed description of the assailants was not available.
Officers cordoned off the area to search for the shooters. No other injuries were reported.
jeff.landa@latimes.com
Twitter: @JeffLanda
2017 Michigan II: Trevor Bayne NASCAR Monster Energy Race Recap
Posted by: newsla on Aug 14, 2017 - 06:50 AM 2017 Michigan II: Trevor Bayne NASCAR Monster Energy Race Recap
Trevor Bayne, driver of the No. 6 Roush Performance Products Ford Fusion, utilized a fuel mileage strategy to move into the top 10 before a caution on Lap 185 provided an opportunity to come to pit road on Sunday afternoons Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series (MENCS) event at Michigan International Speedway. After pitting for right side tires and fuel, Bayne returned to the track in the top five and survived a green-white-checkered to earn a fifth-place finish. The result is Baynes the highest finish of the 2017 season.
Thats what we needed, said Bayne after the race. I got a great restart and pushed the 42 to the lead. I went for it in turn three and it didnt stick. It got massively loose and ended up fifth. If I went home thinking I should have gone for it in three, I would be kicking my butt. But its a great day for our Roush Performance Products team. We needed this to recover a little bit. Were still not in the playoffs yet and we have to keep pushing and making our cars faster. We have 13 races left with or without the playoffs to go make a statement, win races and run well. It feels good to be in contention.
Bayne took the green flag for the 200-Lap event from the 21st position after advancing to the second round of qualifying on Friday afternoon. The driver of the Roush Performance Products Ford steadily worked his way forward during the opening stage, turning laps faster than the race leaders while climbing into the top 20 and up to 17th before the first round of green flag pit stops on Lap 41. After returning to the track in 17th, Bayne reported that the handling had shifted toward the tight side. Despite the handling, Bayne took the green and checkered flag to end Stage 1 in 18th.
After pitting between stages for four tires and a chassis adjustment, the Knoxville, Tenn. native began Stage 2 from the 19th position. Bayne maintained his track position throughout the second stage as the handling of the Roush Performance Products Ford continued to get tighter during the long green flag runs. As a result of the handling condition Bayne was shuffled out of the top 20 in the closing laps, ending Stage 2 in 23rd.
The third and final stage began with Bayne again fighting a tight handling condition. However, an opportune caution on Lap 138 gave crew chief Matt Puccia an opportunity to play with some strategy. Puccia called the driver of the Roush Performance Products Ford to pit road as the field took the one to go for the restart on Lap 146 in the hopes that that stop would allow Bayne to make it to the end of the race on fuel.
Bayne returned to the track following the stop in 23rd but methodically worked his way forward following the restart, moving into the top 10 and up to seventh as the race leaders all started to come to pit road for fuel. Then, a caution on Lap 185 halted Puccias fuel mileage gameplan but did provide the Roush Fenway Racing crew chief another opportunity to make a strategy call on pit road.
Puccia called Bayne to pit road for right side tires and fuel, sending the 2011 Daytona 500 champion back out in the fifth position. After falling to sixth on the ensuing restart, Bayne maintained his top 10 track position until a caution with five laps remaining set up NASCARs version of overtime. Taking the overtime restart from sixth, Bayne utilized a three-wide move going into the first corner to move into third and remained there as the field came for the white flag.
Bayne continued to fight for a top five position on the final lap before taking the checkered flag in the fifth position. The result is Baynes the best finish of the 2017 season.
Next up for the MENCS is Bristol Motor Speedway on Saturday, Aug. 19.
PaddockTalk Perspective
Top Hizbul Mujahideeen commander Yasin Ittoo was among the three terrorists gunned down by the security forces in an overnight operation in Shopian district in south Kashmir.Two Army men had lost their lives in the gunfight that started on Saturday evening and stretched till Sunday morning. Three soldiers had also been injured in the encounter.Ittoo was on top of a list of militant targets released by the Army earlier this year. A resident of Nagam Chadoora in Budgam, he was famous as Mehmood Gaznavi. The news of his death was confirmed by the official handle of J&K Police's twitter handle.Police said Ittoo, who was from Budgam district of central Kashmir, had a long association with Hizbul Mujahideen and was involved in keeping alive the prolonged unrest of 2016 following the killing of group's commander Burhan Wani in an encounter with security forces, besides recruiting several young men into the outfit.He was identified by his family members who were brought to the scene of the encounter by police from their residence in Budgam.Often called a 'vintage militant' as he joined Hizbul Mujahideen in 1996, Ittoo had surrendered in 2007 and later released on parole in 2014. He joined the militant group again and was its self-styled chief operations commander.In a video message posted online last month, Ittoo had warned of several attacks on the security forces. He was also believed to be behind the wave of bank robberies in Kashmir in the last few months as HM looked to ramp up its operations and induct more men for its attacks. The HM commander had also urged Kashmir policemen to join the terror outfit and offered support for stone-pelters.Giving details about the encounter, a defence spokesman said that security forces had launched a cordon and search operation after receiving information about the presence of militants in Avneera village in Zainapora area of the district on Saturday.As the forces were conducting searches, the militants opened fire on them which was retaliated by the law enforcement personnel, triggering a gunfight. Five soldiers were injured in the gunfight on Saturday and were evacuated to 92 Base Hospital of the Army for treatment. Two soldiers among them succumbed to their injuries on Saturday night.The operation was halted for the night but the forces maintained cordon of the area to stop the militants from fleeing. The gunfight resumed on Sunday morning and the three militants were killed. The two other militants killed were identified as Irfan, a tech-savvy militant involved in online propaganda for the HM, and Umar, who was personal security man of Ittoo.A defence spokesman identified the slain Army men as Sepoy Ilayaraja P, a resident of Tamil Nadu, and Sepoy Gawai Sumedh Waman, a resident of Maharashtra.
British officials presented their plans to ensure 3 million European Union citizens can be granted rights to remain in Britain after Brexit, but their presentation in Brussels on Tuesday left EU lawmakers worried the system won't work.
Some said new revelations about efforts to deport people who came from the Caribbean decades ago undermined trust in British promises and so a deal to phase out EU court protection for Europeans in Britain after eight years should be reviewed.
At a practical level, MEPs emerging from a closed-door Home Office briefing in the European Parliament wondered about those unable to use the proposed smartphone application to claim their "settled status" -- and said they were told the government's app won't work fully on Apple's widely used iPhones.
Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who leads the EU legislature's Brexit coordinating panel, said after the presentation that his group would write to the government and EU Brexit negotiators listing concerns. EU lawmakers must ratify a treaty to avoid legal chaos when Britain leaves the EU in March.
"After the Windrush scandal ... there is a lot of anxiety (among) our EU citizens living in Britain that they could have the same experience," Verhofstadt told reporters, referring to revelations this month about moves to deport people who came to Britain from the Caribbean as children in the 1950s and 60s.
The system for registering for lifetime rights for Europeans who arrived in Britain while it was an EU member should be free, the MEPs said, and must also be quick, simple and confer rights immediately rather than make people wait for confirmation.
Verhofstadt said they were also looking for assurances about how people could apply who could not use a smartphone.
Dutch MEP Sophie in 't Veld said the British authorities needed to build trust and show they had administrative resources to make the registration system work next year. Users of iPhones would, she said, be unable to use the Home Office app to scan their digital passport chips in order to apply for residence.
Then, she said, they might have to mail in their passports.
Catherine Bearder, a lawmaker from Britain's anti-Brexit Liberal Democrats, said Home Office staff had suggested people borrow other types of smartphone in order to register.
The ministry did not respond to a request for comment.
Its minister, Home Secretary Amber Rudd, was quoted by the Financial Times this week as saying the system for EU citizens would be as easy as setting up an online shopping account.
Elementary school teacher, Andel Hoke suffered from lower back pain that was so excruciating that she couldn't sit at her desk. Many unsuccessful attempts to diagnose the source of her pain left her with no options and little hope. Hoke tried daily to keep a positive attitude for her students. Once she left the […]
The post Mysterious Lower Back Pain? Your SI Joint May be the Cause appeared first on GraysHarborTalk.
Comments
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Line-ups for the third and final One Day International between Afghanistan and Ireland on Sunday in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Afghanistan won toss and decided to bat Afghanistan: Javed Ahmadi, Noor Ali Zadran, Shafiqullah Shafiq, Mohammad Nabi, Nasir Jamal, Rashid Khan, Gulbadin Naib, Rahmat Shah, Mujeeb Zadran, Shapoor Zadran, Asghar Stanikzai (capt) Ireland: William Porterfield (capt), Paul Stirling, Andy Balbirnie, Niall O'Brien, Gary Wilson, Kevin O'Brien, Stuart Poynter, George Dockrell, Barry McCarthy, Tim Murtagh, Boyd Rankin Referees: Izatullah Safi (Umpire), Ruchira Palliyaguruge (Umpire), Javagal Srinath (Match referee)
Coronation Street Episode Guide – Wednesday 26th April.
​SPOILER ALERT!
With Bethany in earshot, Nathan fakes a call to his bank, feigning financial problems. Mel lies to Bethany, telling her the bank is threatening to close down the salon. Alone in the flat Bethany's startled when a guy calls to collect Nathan's camera equipment. When Nathan returns to find the equipment gone he tears into Bethany. As Bethany sobs Nathan apologises for his rant, explaining the equipment belongs to Neil. Nathan says Neil has a soft spot for Bethany, maybe if she meets him for a drink it will go some way to making amends. Desperate for Nathan's approval will Bethany agree?
Rosie finds Leah skulking outside no.4. Leah makes out she wanted to check Sally hadn't had any more messages from her step-mum. Uneasy Rosie tells Sophie.
Todd's unnerved when Drew questions him on he and Billy's plans for the future​​
Snapchat's got a new trick to stay one step ahead of Instagram by turning everyone's quick video clips from concerts into a much more watchable music video you control.
Snapchat “Crowd Surf” uses artificial intelligence machine learning technology to analyze when lots of people are all recording the same musical performance at the same time. It can then lace together the different angles while keeping the song playing smoothly so you can choose where to watch from and see more than 10 seconds of footage in a row. You can see a demo recorded by TechCrunch below:
Snap tested out Crowd Surf last night at pop singer Lorde's performance at San Francisco's Outside Lands music festival. When she played her hit “Green Light” and everyone thrust their phones in the air, Snapchat combined the clips. You can watch the Crowd Surf in the Snapchat “Featured” section below your friends' recent Stories, and tap to see a new angle whenever the flipping phone Crowd Surf icon is lit up.
The result is remarkably fun to watch. You can hop from the center of the crowd to the front row to the side stage to get an immersive look at what it was like to see the concert in person. In fact, I did see the show in person, but Crowd Surf lets me watch how everyone else was enjoying the same moment. Snapchat pioneered the crowdsourced Our Story three years ago at the EDC music fest, and now it's back pushing the bar higher.
Which begs the question… how long until Instagram Stories copies this? Both Snap and Instagram are in a heated war for users, with Snap inventing new features and Facebook's giant Instagram team quickly cloning them to the detriment of Snap's growth.
Each wants to encourage users to submit their posts for public display. Snap lets you syndicate your post to Our Stories before you share it, which then appears in curated Our Stories, search results and the new Snap Map. Instagram Story Search pulls together posts tagged with locations and hashtags for dedicated Stories about different places and topics.
We've asked Snapchat for more details on how Crowd Surf works. Mashable spotted it this morning. Snapchat previously offered Story Explorer that let you check out similar Snaps to one you enjoyed during a Live Story by analyzing location and time, but not audio.
Crowd Surf is set to be available at more public events in the future, but will require tons of people shooting and submitting Snaps from the same moment. That could limit it to huge events like music festivals, though perhaps it could work for parades, sports events or political rallies too. And the mere existence of the feature could attract more submissions.
If people think their Snaps could get chosen for Crowd Surfs and get extra viewers, they might be more likely to shoot and share on Snapchat when they're watching a concert.
Bob and Marie Sherman have been holding back for years but are now speaking up against their former church.
The Kelowna couple were members St. Paul's United on Lakeshore Road. It was torn down a few years ago to make way for an arts and cultural centre called The Sanctuary. But the project collapsed.
The Shermans joined other parishioners in donating money to equip the new centre. Now they want the $1,600 returned or given by the church to another charity.
“If the Arts and Worship Centre isn't going to be built at the location as specified we should have the opportunity to have this money back, even with tax consequences,” Bob Sherman said.
But he said the church has no intention of doing that.
Sue Goodwin speaks for St Paul's. She said tax laws forbid it from giving the Shermans or any other donors a refund.
“We can't redirect a donation outside of the United Church. So we gave the Shermans many options on where it could be redirected within the United Church's wider church family,” Goodwin said.
Marie Sherman said the church is still accepting donations from its members even though the arts and cultural centre project isn't happening. She believes the church has a moral obligation to stop accepting those funds, accusing it of taking advantage of its members.
“Ethically, everything should have been stopped and (they should) have said ‘no, just hang on to your money until we do another project and we'd love for you to donate.' But it was not,” Sherman said.
The church says it's reinventing itself and the donation money will come to good use.
“There is a reinvention there for St-Paul's, we don't know what it is yet, but there is going to be a new vision for St-Paul's and the congregation is going to be a big part of that. So they're (donors) willingly engaged in this process,” Goodwin said.
St. Paul's is currently using the Seventh Day Adventist Church on Springfield Road until it finds a new home.
Sizzling hot tea is spreading like wildfire in Hollywood over Bruno Mars and Cardi B getting hella comfy, cuddling and snoodling backstage at the Grammys. Rumors are flying over what one insider said is amazing chemistry, telling Media Take Out “You can feel the sexual tension between them. I don't think anything happened yet. But I'd be surprised if they don't HOOK UP SOON.”
Remember y'all, Cardi is currently engaged with Offset, a rapper from Migos. And Bruno has a girlfriend. Both Bruno and Cardi's relationships have seemed tense in recent weeks. For the past 2-3 Months OffSet has been caught cheating on Cardi B left and right. Its been about 2 sextape videos which showed OffSet smashing some random chicks while he was on the road touring. Cardi took her boo back but ……..
It does not help that Bruno just broke the news that he will be taking Cardi B on tour with him.
Once that broke according to Hip Hop Overload, OffSet was pissed off and that he gave Cardi a choice him or Bruno. People in Cardi's camp tell us Offset is convinced that Bruno is smashing his girl. Boy Bye! But what do you think should Cardi just leave OffSet for Bruno? Would that be a upgrade for her? I make my girl happy, I am so here for it. Connect with me @jaztalk1 on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook
http://www.hiphopoverload.com/offset-is-jealous-of-bruno-mars-and-cardi-b-relationship-people-in-cardi-bs-camp-is-leaking/
http://mtonews.com/mto-shock-exclusive-cardi-b-bruno-mars-spotted-cuddling-backstage-grammys-folks-whispering/
Also On Magic 95.9:
Feb 2(Reuters) - Beijing BDstar Navigation Co Ltd
* Says it will buy 60 percent stake in a Shijiazhuang-based microwave technology firm for 180 million yuan, from its 97.2 percent-owned unit
* Says it will increase stake in the microwave technology firm to 63.95 percent
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/yqWSEG
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
With the welcome change in society's attitude toward sexual harassment. we need to recognize that women can also be guilty.
An example close to home is the night of July 7, 1997, when several female MLAs then, including Liberals Bonnie McKinnon and Linda Reid, and Joy MacPhail and Penny Priddy of the NDP, held a social event that included consumption of alcohol. The tipsy MLAs decided it would be funny to put a dancing penis toy on the desk of then-Liberal MLA Ted Nebbeling, who died in 2009, as he spoke in the legislature. This was clearly sexual harassment.
While the offenders apologized at the time, we should apply the same standards that society is using today to assess whether further action should be taken. Reid remains an MLA and MacPhail has been appointed chairwoman of the ICBC by the NDP government.
If they were men, the calls for their resignations would be long and loud.
Brian Sommerfeldt, Port Coquitlam
Pot, booze shouldn't mix
Marijuana combined with alcohol use was found in 53.3 per cent of fatal driving accidents in Washington state involving pot in 2016.
Mixing marijuana and alcohol, even at a low dosage, is dangerous and places drivers, their passengers, pedestrians and cyclists at a heightened risk of being involved in a potentially fatal crash. Alcohol causes a faster absorption of the psycho-active component of pot — THC — as well as diminishes the user's perception of their level of inebriation or impairment.
The B.C. government must rule out placing marijuana products in the very stores that sell alcohol — something they have yet to do. To do otherwise would be a reckless and costly misstep in terms of public policy. Those who will pay for this avoidable mistake are the B.C. taxpayer, as driving insurance rates continue to escalate and lives are lost because someone chooses to drink, get high and drive.
Pamela McColl, Vancouver
Hit-and-run blessings
I write to extend season's greetings and a very merry Christmas to all, including a special shout out to the person who ran into my truck and then ran away, and, of course, the person who ran into the service loaner and then ran away.
Two $300 deductibles in one month to pay for incapable drivers who sneak away from the consequences of their actions. I hope running away from your responsibilities doesn't leave you and your family hard-pressed for money this Christmas as your behaviour has done for my family.
Ron Laing, Delta
Marpole protesters are Scrooges
In response to the Marpole protesters accusing Vancouver City Hall of “bullying” tactics with regard to the modular housing at Heather and West 57th streets, are there no workhouses to feed and house the poor, as Scrooge told one and all?
Are we not a democratic society where everyone deserves a second chance and are innocent until proven guilty? I bet some of those who will be given a roof over their heads and food on their table are kinder and more considerate than the protesters.
Especially at this time of year, is it not better to give than to receive?
Lavinia Treliving, Vancouver
Gun bans don't work
Re: Ekos poll finds that 69 per cent of Canadians agree guns should be banned in urban areas.
An urban gun ban for whom? Criminals?
If intended for criminals, a ban won't work. As evidence from the U.S. has shown time and time again, gun-free zones don't work to curb gang violence.
Steve Gunson, Abbotsford
‘Positive energy' appreciated
Thank you for publishing Veronica Gard's wonderful letter. It feels so inspiring and refreshing to read something that offers hope, hence positive energy for once. I couldn't have said it better myself.
There is nothing more fulfilling during the holidays than devoting our time to good deeds and causes.
Michael Brian, Surrey
Letters to the editor should be sent to provletters@theprovince.com. The editorial pages editor is Gordon Clark, who can be reached at gclark@postmedia.com.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
Veere Di Wedding: Kareena, Sonam Kapoor-starrer banned in Pakistan due to 'vulgar dialogues, obscenity'
Veere Di Wedding, starring like Kareena Kapoor Khan and Sonam Kapoor in a story of four girls, has been banned in Pakistan because of "vulgar dialogues and obscene scenes."
Danyal Gilani, Chairman, Central Board of Film Censors (CBFC), told IANS via social media: "Members of the CBFC unanimously decided to not allow the film for public exhibition in the cinemas as its content flouts the Censorship of Film Code 1980."
The movie was screened for the CBFC in Pakistan on 29 May. According to trade sources, the movie was deemed unfit for exhibition due to "vulgar dialogues and obscene scenes".
The Distribution Club also issued withdrawals of their application for the certification after witnessing the criticism from members of the board, reported The Express Tribune.
Veere Di Wedding is co-produced by Rhea Kapoor, Ekta Kapoor and Nikhil Dwivedi. It also stars Swara Bhasker and Shikha Talsania.
The movie has drawn a lot of interest especially as it is Kareena's first film since she became a mother, and Sonam's first movie to release since her wedding. For Swara, it is a different zone that she is stepping into and Shikha is making her debut with the project, directed by Shashanka Ghosh.
They are cast in a coming-of-age story revolving around the lives of four friends who deal with the trials and tribulations regarding family acceptance, marriage and societal perceptions in the modern-day world. The girls openly talk about their sex lives and hurl abuses.
In India, the film will release on 1 June.
Updated Date: May 30, 2018 19:38 PM
Washington: Women who accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct "should be heard," US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has said, in an apparent divergence from the White House line.
Trump—who was infamously caught on tape boasting about groping women—has faced more than a dozen allegations of sexual misconduct, which he and the White House have rejected.
"Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with," Indian-American Haley said on CBS' Face the Nation when asked how Trump's accusers should be assessed.
The official line from the White House has been that Trump's election victory was the final word on the accusations.
"I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up," Haley said.
When asked if the vote meant the issue was settled, Haley responded: "That's for the people to decide. I know that he was elected, but ... women should always feel comfortable coming forward, and we should all be willing to listen to them."
Accusations of rape and sexual harassment against now-disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein have opened the floodgates, prompting scores of women to speak up not just about abuse in the entertainment industry, but also in Washington.
Three members of Congress have resigned over sexual misconduct allegations in recent days, and US Senate candidate Roy Moore has seen a race he was once expected to handily win become contested following accusations that he molested minors decades ago. Moore has denied the allegations.
BASD could decide on referendum question this month
By Alex Johnson
Correspondent
Nicholas Kent of Plunkett-Raysich Architects presented more possible options for changes to Karcher Middle School and various elementary schools to the Burlington Area School District School Board of Education on Aug. 8.
Offering a more in-depth look at the options presented last week, Kent also showed the board a new option, Option 13, that places the Montessori program at Dyer Intermediate School, which would also convert Dyer to a two-section elementary school, with a “combined elementary capacity” of 1,100 students.
“This is the purpose of what we're trying to do in this series,” said Kent. “We're trying to dig in, delve a bit deeper into those options we already established.”
Option 13 would also make changes to Cooper and Waller elementary schools, changing Cooper to a two-section kindergarten through fourth grade school with a target enrollment of 333 students, and Waller into a three-section school, kindergarten through fourth grade, with a target enrollment of 367 students.
Both elementary schools would also receive more natural lighting in the breakout areas, part of the diagrams drawn by Kent and his team.
Option 13 also incorporates the Karcher Middle School renovations brought up in last week's presentation, specifically in Option 4B.
Karcher Middle School would become a fifth- through eighth-grade school, with a target capacity of 858 students. The administrative offices would be relocated for security purposes, and renovations would take place for modern learning.
In addition, the current gymnastics gym would become a new band room with several adjoining practice rooms, while the main gym would be expanded for more room.
The board will consider a formal vote on the options at a meeting scheduled for Aug. 21 to decide which option they will be putting into a public question for a referendum in April 2018.
As the presentation began to wrap up, Kent gave the board member their main goal for the upcoming weeks.
“All of this is in preparation for taking forward a series of ideas, with cost implications, to the public.”
The Facility Planning Committee meets again next week to begin the process of narrowing down options and solidifying plans for the board to consider.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
As compared to women, the skin of men has more collagen and elastin that makes their skin thick and firm and, hence, the signs of ageing appear much later than compared to women. Therefore, it is important for men as well to take care of their skin by following a cleansing routine, say experts.Dermatologists have listed pointers for men to follow:This is the first step to schedule your skin care routine. Take a tissue test and see if you have dry, oily or combination skin. Generally, people with oily skin tend to have oil on their t-zone (forehead, nose, and chin). Check this using a tissue paper and get to know your skin type.Since there is a difference between the skin of males and females, the products are made specifically keeping in mind all those factors. Make sure to use skin care products mindfully.Men should wash their face at least twice a day using a mild face wash that suits their skin. As the skin tends to get oily throughout the day and block the pores, it is important to follow a regular cleansing routine. Watch out if it dries your skin and change the products accordingly.All that dirt and oil accumulated on the face results in blackheads or whiteheads and forms a layer of dead skin. Exfoliation sheds off this layer and brings out a smooth, healthy skin. In case you have an oily skin, use salicylic acid-based scrub. A glycolic face wash is also a good buy as it cleanses as well as exfoliates.SPF should be an important part of your skin care regime as it protects the skin from the harmful UV rays of the sun that leads to sunburn, tanning and gradually leads to early ageing. For men, a sunscreen with an SPF of 30 is a great option and should be used daily. Reapplying the skin care is the second step to increasing its effectiveness.: After thorough cleaning and exfoliation, it is important to moisturise your skin to keep it soft and supple. A moisturising cream provides the right amount of moisture to the skin to keep it hydrated and healthy. A hand cream, body lotion are some good options.
As the heat continues between B.C. and Alberta over the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, a new poll by Abacus Data shows that some British Columbians agree with both sides of the argument.
The poll presented eight arguments, four pro-pipeline and four anti-pipeline, to 900 B.C. respondents and asked them whether the arguments were persuasive.
LISTEN: Jon McComb talks to Markham Hislop about the poll's findings
The results showed many felt personally conflicted, as a similar portion of respondents found both pro and anti-pipeline arguments persuasive.
“The argument that persuades the most people (63 per cent) is that the pipeline expansion would greatly increase the risk of an oil spill,” read the report from Abacus. “But essentially the same number (61 per cent) found persuasive the argument that ‘all provinces benefit from Canada's oil and would benefit from this project going ahead.'”
“So folks who support the pipeline, they worry about a spill, they are opposed, but they agree that all provinces would benefit if it was built,” said energy commentator Markham Hislop.
Similarly, while 52 per cent of respondents finds the argument that the project was carefully reviewed and approved persuasive, 50 per cent found the process was inadequate, flawed and that it couldn't be trusted.
READ MORE: Thousands march in Burnaby to protest Trans Mountain pipeline expansion
“This is far from entrenched polarization, and instead reveals a population which understands that there is no easy choice to be made when it comes to this project,” read part of the report.
Hislop says the poll shows British Columbians want the drama to be dialled down, and would like to see more emphasis on a resolution to the conflict.
WATCH: Supporters of the Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion hold counter-rally
The $7.4-billion expansion would almost triple the capacity to carry diluted bitumen between Edmonton and Burnaby.
The Abacus poll was conducted online. It surveyed 900 B.C. residents aged 18 and over between Feb. 26 and Mar. 6, 2018. It has a margin of error of +/- 3.3 per cent.
It's one of the most closely watched Senate campaigns in years — and one of the most confounding. The battle in Alabama between Roy Moore and Doug Jones has pollsters thoroughly flummoxed.
In recent days, reputable polling organizations have produced results ranging from a 10-point lead for the Democrat, Doug Jones, (Fox News) to a 9-point lead for the Republican, Roy Moore, (Emerson College).
Other recent polls include a Washington Post survey showing Jones ahead by 3 points, a CBS News/YouGov survey showing Moore up by 6 and a Gravis poll putting Moore's lead at 4 points.
Here's a closer look at what's going on.
Why has it been so hard to poll the race?
The central problem is predicting who will vote.
For polling organizations, calling potential voters and counting their responses is often the easiest part of the job. The real challenge is to predict who is actually going to show up to cast a ballot.
In the last two off-year elections in Alabama, somewhere between 40% and 50% of registered voters cast ballots. The Alabama secretary of state has estimated that this year's special election will draw a smaller turnout, more on the order of 25%.
As the electorate shrinks, it usually doesn't do so evenly. One side or the other usually benefits. Pollsters need to adjust their results to take into account who is most likely to turn out. Polling organizations have a variety of techniques to try to forecast what the electorate will look like, and right now, those different approaches are giving very different answers.
How much difference can a turnout model make?
A lot.
To see how much, the pollsters at SurveyMonkey ran an experiment last week. They surveyed 1,559 registered voters in Alabama. Then they applied a series of different turnout models to their data.
One approach simply asks people how sure they are that they'll vote. When SurveyMonkey did that, counting as a likely voter those who said they were certain to vote or probably would, they found Jones had a 9 point lead over Moore.
Another approach looks at people's vote history: Rather than ask them about their future behavior, ask them about the recent past. Did they vote in the last couple of elections?
When SurveyMonkey defined as likely voters those who reported that they had voted in 2014 (plus those who were too young in 2014 but said they were certain to vote this time), Moore led by 3 points.
Testing other approaches, the pollsters came up with results ranging from an 8 point Jones lead to a 9 point lead for Moore — all using the same underlying survey data.
Monday afternoon, Monmouth University released a survey showing three different turnout models. Under a standard midterm turnout similar to 2014, Moore would lead, 48%-44%. A higher turnout, more similar to a presidential year, would yield a lead for Jones. And a turnout model based on the midterm election last month in Virginia showed the two candidates tied, with 6% still undecided, they found.
Black voters are key to Democratic hopes in Alabama's Senate race. Will they turn out? »
When combined with the potential for purely random error inherent in all surveys, the findings make a projection of the outcome virtually impossible. Mark Blumenthal, SurveyMonkey
Why is the variation in results bigger than usual in this election?
Most of the time, pollsters have a pretty good idea of who will show up: Elections tend to follow predictable patterns.
Those patterns don't exist in this case. It's a special election, with nothing else on the ballot in much of the state, being held in December, which is not a typical election time. So past voter history isn't as useful as usual.
That alone would greatly complicate predicting who will vote. On top of that, Moore is a polarizing candidate with some deeply committed followers, but also many Republicans who disapprove of him. And the multiple accusations by women who say he pursued them when they were teenagers add a whole additional layer of complexity.
Are there other significant differences between the polls?
Maybe.
The two most recent polls conducted by telephone with live interviewers, who called both cellphones and landlines, were the ones done by Fox and the Washington Post. Both showed Jones ahead.
By contrast, automated polls, which by law cannot call cell phones, have tended to yield results more favorable to Moore. Pollsters who use automated techniques, which are much cheaper than live-interviewer polls, have a variety of ways to adjust for the limitations of their methodology, but it's possible that this time around, they are missing a significant part of the electorate.
The Fox poll found, for example, that Jones led by 30 points among people reached on cellphones, who tend to be younger than people who usually use a landline.
Could there be a ‘hidden vote' for one side or the other?
Perhaps some people don't want to admit to an interviewer that they plan to vote for Moore, given the air of scandal surrounding him. In that case, the automated polls could be more accurate in showing Moore leading.
On the other hand, Moore's supporters don't seem shy about stating their position, as reporters on the ground in Alabama have found. And it's also possible that some longtime Republicans don't want to admit to a pollster that they're planning to vote for a Democrat.
If the result is so uncertain, why bother with polling?
Everyone wants to know who's going to win, but forecasting the outcome isn't the only reason — or even the main reason — for polling.
Polls also tell us a lot about which voters are backing which candidate — younger Alabamians, especially younger women, favor Jones by a big margin, for example. Repeated polls can show how a race develops over time.
And polls can also tell us a lot about which issues have had an effect on voter opinions. As a result, they serve as a check on the self-serving spin that voters inevitably will hear starting Tuesday night, once the actual results are counted.
Support our journalism Please consider subscribing today to support stories like this one. Already a subscriber? Your support makes our work possible. Thank you. Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks.
ALSO
Black voters are key to Democratic hopes in Alabama's Senate race. Will they turn out?
In Florida, Trump attacks credibility of Roy Moore accuser as he rallies support for Alabama Senate hopeful
Listen to Roy Moore comments on family, slavery and when America was great
