The lights, the trees, the egg nog... Christmas is about tradition. But in the Burns' home in Hammond, traditional may have a new meaning.
Sure, the halls are decked with Christmas cheer. But there's no tree. The Burns' 4-month-old puppy had different ideas. The stockings are hung on the chimney, and Christmas music pours from every room. They're just not the carols you're used to.
The "tradition" began two Thanksgivings ago as Joe Burns and his wife, Tammy, sat down to write Christmas cards. "As a joke," Joe explained, "we started throwing out lyrics, and came up, out of pure dumb luck, with a Christmas song."
During his days as radio program manager, the Southeastern Louisiana University Communications professor says he had trouble programming Christmas music because there just were not that many different songs. "I can't remember the last time, except for Grandma Got Run Over By a Reindeer," Joe said, "that I heard a decent novelty Christmas song."
So off he and Tammy went to his upstairs studio to record their new hit. "Everybody needs a good laugh," said Tammy, "especially today, with everything that is going on in the world. You just need to sit down and laugh."
The couple and their two children have been laughing and writing for the past two years. This year, they have a whole album of Christmas jollies. "I love to shake things up," Tammy said. "I want people to start bopping their heads and singing Brown's Dairy." The song is an homage to the Louisiana dairy and its eggnog.
Joe plays most of the instruments on the album. The couple's 13-year-old son, Max, adds his trombone to several tracks. And daughter, Ila, and Tammy add vocals. And it's still recorded and produced in the family's upstairs studio.
The album features ten original songs... not a Silent Night among them.
The songs are not the only thing that breaks with tradition. "We would never sell the music," Joe said. "I want to people to listen to it far more than I want to profit from it."
The songs are free to stream and download on Spotify, and from the family's website burnschristmas.com.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
We have been in business in Wilson County since 1958. We are proud to serve the people of Wilson County for all your appliance needs.
We carry great brands such as: Whirlpool, Kitchen Aid Maytag and Amana. So come on down and see us located at 1411 West Main St.
#GoFundMe for #Oakland woman Maddison Holland. In terrifying car crash - says angry driver forced her off highway. https://t.co/3pUGIzRatt — Elissa Harrington (@ElissaABC7) October 6, 2017
"He was just relentless." #Oakland woman says "road rage" driver forced her off hwy after she honked horn. Broke bones, injured spine. pic.twitter.com/sCtCFbe92H — Elissa Harrington (@ElissaABC7) October 6, 2017
The hunt is on for an alleged road rage driver who reportedly forced a young woman off the road in Lafayette. Her car flew off the side of a highway, took out a tree and a fence, and landed upside down.It's a story you'll see only on ABC7 News."I keep seeing myself turning and crashing," said Maddison Holland. "And I can't stop thinking about it,"The 24-year-old Oakland resident is recovering at the hospital after a terrifying crash sent her car flying over the side of Highway 24 on Wednesday afternoon. She says she was forced off the road by an angry driver.Holland says it all started when a man in a maroon truck cut her off in the Caldecott Tunnel. She honked her horn and flashed her lights, which she says sent the driver into a rage."He kept following me to each lane I would get into and I was just trying to get away from him. And he was just like relentless and it was scary. It was so scary. And he just thought it was some joke, like it was so funny to be harassing someone," she said through tears.The chase lasted for seven miles.Holland's car ended upside down at the dead-end of 2nd Street in Lafayette.Neighbor Robin Pizza heard the crash."I will never forget it," she said. "It was like a boom and then a horrible crunching sound."She called 911 while her twin teenage boys ran to the car and dragged Holland out."We were just trying to do what was right, you know? Try to get her help," said Lafayette resident Antonio Soto. "Because we didn't know what was going on with the car, (we were) trying to get her out as quick as possible."Since the crash, family and friends keep returning to the site to search for Holland's cellphone."We're looking for her phone," said stepmother Deb Burton. "She did get a video of the guy that was chasing her."Holland broke several bones and suffered a spinal injury.The case is currently being investigated by the CHP. Officers are trying to track down witnesses and find the driver.
EAST BRIDGEWATER, Mass. (AP) - Two sisters tied down and burned a 5-year-old girl, permanently disfiguring her, in a voodoo ritual meant to rid her of a demon causing her to misbehave, police said. The women also threatened to cut off the head of the girl's 8-year-old brother with a machete, authorities said.
The boy said his sister was tied down on at least two occasions while the sisters blew fire over her face and cut her on the arm and in the collar area with a needle-like object, drawing blood, according to police. The girl said the women also poured over her eyes a substance that stung.
Peggy LaBossiere, 51, and Rachel Hilaire, 40, of East Bridgewater, denied injuring the girl and threatening the boy, the Brockton Enterprise reported . They pleaded not guilty on Jan. 29 to mayhem, assault and other charges. A public defender for the women didn't return a call seeking comment on Saturday.
Police say the girl's mother is a hair stylist of Haitian descent who has LaBossiere as a client and requested the ritual. She has not been charged but is receiving mental health treatment.
The sisters will be back in Brockton Superior Court on Wednesday for a hearing to determine whether they're too dangerous to be released.
The sisters told police that they have performed "cleansing baths" for family and friends in the past, something that involves chanting prayers, rubbing frankincense and eucalyptus oils and sea salt on their bodies, and burning myrrh, the newspaper reported. Children sometimes get burned as spirits leave the body, they said.
The girl suffered a third-degree burn across her face that will leave her permanently disfigured, police said. She was treated at a hospital and taken into custody by state welfare authorities, along with her brother, who described to police what happened at the sisters' house over multiple days.
Voodoo refers to religious practices developed centuries ago by enslaved Africans in the Caribbean, primarily in Haiti, where the practices are sometimes spelled "vodou."
___
Information from: The (Brockton, Mass.) Enterprise, http://www.enterprisenews.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (AP) — The Latest on a tree branch that fell on spectators, killing two, at a western Illinois fireworks display (all times local):
1:45 p.m.
A western Illinois sheriff says the branch that fell on spectators during a fireworks display, killing two, measured more than 8-feet (2.5 meters) around at its base and was about 45 feet (14 meters) long.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday the branch fell from an oak tree that's believed to be about 100 years old. It fell about 25 feet (8 meters) during a Tuesday night event outside the courthouse in Rock Island.
Bustos said autopsies will be conducted later Wednesday on 61-year-old Daniel Mendoza Sr. of Rock Island and 72-year-old Lawrence Anderson of Moline.
Six other people were treated for injuries, including a 21-year-old pregnant woman from East Moline who was near term. Bustos said the woman was taken to a local hospital where she gave birth. He says mother and baby are in good health.
___
12:40 p.m.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois.
The Rock Island County Sheriff's Office says the branch fell from a large oak tree outside the county courthouse in Rock Island around 9:40 p.m. Tuesday.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell about 25 feet (8 meters) and crushed some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Authorities said 61-year-old Daniel Mendoza Sr. of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Seventy-two-year-old Lawrence Anderson of Moline died at a hospital.
Authorities have not provided the causes of death.
Five other people were injured.
TOKYO (AP) — Japan coach Akira Nishino has named his 23-man World Cup squad, relying heavily on veteran players with previous experience in the tournament.
Keisuke Honda and Shinji Kagawa were among almost a dozen named on Thursday who represented Japan four years ago in Brazil when Japan failed to advance from the group stage.
Nishino made his debut as Japan's coach on Wednesday when his team lost 2-0 to Ghana in a friendly.
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month, only two months before Russia's World Cup opens, and replaced him with Nishino.
In two World Cup warm-up matches, Japan will face Switzerland on June 8 in Lugano, Switzerland, and Paraguay on June 12 in Innsbruck, Austria.
Japan will play in Group H at the World Cup with Colombia, Poland and Senegal in its sixth straight World Cup. It has only twice reached the knockout round, losing both times in the last 16.
Sunderland's draw against West Ham might have been a slightly better performance than they have given of late, but one point was never enough.
Then, after the game, came Fabio Borini's comments that the team this season hasn't been as united as in recent years.
I don't know what disappointed me most, Sunderland's failure to win again or Borini's at least honest revelations, as a dressing room that is not all pulling in the right direction has little chance and it is no wonder we are where we are.
I have played in plenty of relegation battles, games where the pressure is enormous and if you just have one or two who don't fancy it or think they are better than playing in a struggling team then that is a team that is going through the trapdoor.
During my career I played in three last day of the season fixtures where we could have gone down and the nerves and tension doesn't get any higher than those sorts of games.
Two of them against Liverpool and Manchester City we won, but failed in the other, losing to Everton in the late 1970s that cost us a top flight place.
Even though we went down in that game, I know every player gave everything.
We had been on a great run of results but fell at the last hurdle, but I couldn't live with myself if I thought any of us in the dressing room after the game hadn't left everything on the field at Goodison Park.
That's why I find Borini's comments so worrying.
If, and when, we go down I want it to be simply because we weren't good enough and for no other reasons.
Getty Image
The San Antonio Spurs shared a fantastic piece of news on Monday afternoon, as the team announced that Kawhi Leonard is listed as probable to make his 2017-18 debut on Tuesday night. Leonard has not been able to suit up this season as he's worked to recover from a right quadriceps injury.
The team tweeted out their official injury report for the game, and squeezed between updates on Danny Green (also probable) and Kyle Anderson (out), the Spurs shared that Leonard's quadricep has recovered to the point that he should be able to play against the Mavericks.
Danny Green (tightness, left groin) and Kawhi Leonard (right quadriceps tendinopathy) are probable for tomorrow's Spurs-Mavericks game. Kyle Anderson (left MCL sprain) is out. pic.twitter.com/ZprpaEbSAX — San Antonio Spurs (@spurs) December 11, 2017
Leonard's return isn't a surprise, as it was reported over the weekend that his initial target date of Saturday had to get pushed back to Tuesday. The team had been unable to give a set date prior to then, partly because of the “weird” nature of Leonard's injury.
Ilya Ilyin, stripped of Olympic gold medals at the Beijing 2008 and London 2012, will return to the sport in June and is aiming to compete at Tokyo 2020.
Ilyin, from Kazakhstan, said, "I'm still young, I'm 29 years old, at the height of my sporting career.
"I really want to return to the sport – this is my priority.”
He spoke of his desire to return to competition as soon as possible, though Kazakhstan is suspended from weightlifting until next October and Ilyin's hopes of competing in the Asian Games in Indonesia in August seem sure to be dashed.
"If I win, I'll go further," he told the today.kz website.
"I'm very happy that this has all finally passed."
The Weightlifting Federation of the Republic of Kazakhstan (WFRK) announced the news of Ilyin's suspension yesterday.
Ilyin was suspended for two years from June 10 in 2016, said WFRK, which had supported all eight of its athletes who tested positive in the retesting of samples from Beijing 2008 and London 2012, conducted by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The WFRK had worked with lawyers, sports law specialists and laboratory analysts in contesting the retest findings, it said, and because of their support Ilyin "has managed to keep all his non-Olympic achievements, prizes and awards".
Ilyin, who set many world records, was a world champion four times, a double Asian Games winner, and a multiple world weightlifter of the year.
Ilya Ilyin will return to weightlifting in June and is aiming to compete at Tokyo 2020 ©Getty Images
He last competed in December 2015, at the President's Cup in Grozny, Russia, where he broke two world records at 105kg, the weight at which he would have competed at Rio 2016 had he not been suspended.
His image is used to promote the WFRK's website despite the positives, and he remains close to the President of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev.
In an interview for the Kazakhstan edition of Men's Health in November, Ilyin said he had suffered depression during the summer, when he was going through a divorce from his wife and had been constantly talking to lawyers in Switzerland.
"It was very difficult, I had a very heavy head," he said.
On Sunday he said: "To all the people who supported me, I am very grateful.
"Thanks to Nursultan Nazarbayev, the people, the Weightlifting Federation, we did a good job."
In recent months Ilyin has spent a lot of time in the United States and London, improving his English and giving informal advice to recreational weightlifters.
Four of the eight Kazakhs who were positive in the IOC retests won gold medals, all of them subsequently disqualified: Ilyin - twice at 94kg - plus London 2012 women's winners Zulfiya Chinshanlo at 53kg, Maiya Maneza at 63kg, and Svetlana Podobedova at 75kg.
Two of the eight were positive at both Beijing 2008 and London 2012 - Ilyin and Maneza, who did not make a total in 2008.
Kazakhstan's Zulfiya Chinshanlo is among several weightlifters stripped of medals after retests London 2012 ©Getty Images
Maneza, 32, and Chinshanlo, 24, were also banned for two years, announced in May, but Pobobedova had an eight-year ban, having tested positive in 2006 when she competed for Russia.
The standard ban for retest positives appears to be two years, while athletes who have been sanctioned for other offences by the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) face longer suspensions.
News of Ilyin's return comes five days after the IOC put weightlifting "on probation", and called for a further report on progress in its battle against doping in the sport.
Weightlifting provided 49 positives in the IOC's retests, 10 of them from Kazakhstan, which is one of the nations identified by the IWF as a "high-risk" country that has "historically featured a disproportionately high incidence of doping".
The IWF was asked last June to deliver a first report to the IOC by December, which it did 12 days ago.
It must provide another by June.
The IWF has adopted a new, hardline approach that includes the handing over of its anti-doping programme to an Independent Testing Authority.
Tamas Ajan, the IWF president, said last week: "We have started a new chapter in weightlifting's history and there is no looking back.
"In the period between now and the IOC Executive Board meeting in July 2018 and beyond, the IWF will continue to introduce every possible measure to protect clean weightlifters."
NEW YORK (AP) -- The Chicago Cubs have drafted Chris Singleton, whose mother was among those killed two years ago during the shooting inside a South Carolina church.
Singleton was selected Wednesday by the defending World Series champions with the final pick of the 19th round, No. 585 overall. He is a right-handed-hitting center fielder at Charleston Southern University.
The outfielder's mother, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, was one of nine people killed by Dylann Roof on June 17, 2015, during a Wednesday night Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in downtown Charleston, South Carolina, one of the South's first African-American churches.
Coleman-Singleton, who was 45, was a track coach at Goose Creek High School.
In a news release detailing the amateur draft, Major League Baseball says Chris Singleton was honored by the New York Yankees during the team's annual HOPE Week in 2015, ''following his courageous response to the tragic shooting inside a Charleston, South Carolina church that claimed the life of his mother.''
Mehluli Sibanda, Senior Sports Reporter
HIGHLANDERS technical manager Madinda Ndlovu is building his squad around youngsters, as he seeks to bring back exciting football at Highlanders.
Bosso fans are wondering what kind of squad the Bosso legend is putting together for the 2018 season, which kicks off on 10 March. There are some flashes of good things to come.
Ndlovu has made it clear that first preference will be given to players from Bosso 90 and Highlanders Under-18. The Bosso legend has, in a bid to give himself more options from where to choose his final squad, also invited for training Maclive Phiri, Nigel Makumbe and Munyaradzi Chitambwe.
Phiri is the oldest player that Ndlovu has brought on board. The 24-year-old Phiri was at Ngezi Platinum Stars last season, having turned out for Tsholotsho and Quelaton in the past. He is a roving right back with an ability to pack powerful shots at goal when he ventures upfront. Phiri can also play as a central defender.
Chitambwe, a Bantu player last year is an attacking midfielder who is 20 years old. He was a regular for Bantu Rovers last season. Ndlovu sounded excited about Makumbe, who he described as a youngster brought up from a school of football, Aces Academy in Harare. The 21-year-old Makumbe, an attacking midfielder who also plays on the wing was at FC Platinum in 2017.
Another player trying his luck at Bosso is former Zimbabwe Under-20 captain, Patrick Ben Musaka who was with South Africa's National First Division side Black Leopards. The 20-year-old is a defensive midfielder who returned to Zimbabwe after he failed to secure a visa to attend trials in Slovakia last year.
During the time that he was waiting for his visa to Slovakia, Musaka trained with Ajax Cape Town. The Urban Warriors had already signed a pre-contract with another Zimbabwean, Gerald Takwara and the remaining slots for foreigners were for a winger as well as striker so he only fine tuned with them.
From Bosso 90, Highlanders fans should be excited to hear there is a Gombami training with the first team. Onwell is the young brother of former Highlanders and Zimbabwe Warriors star midfielder Honour. The youngster has played for a number of years in Division One after he started off at Bantu Rovers. If he has the talent of his brother or even better, then the glory days could be back at Bosso this season.
All these players should add to the experience that is already there at Bosso. Ariel Sibanda, Peter Muduhwa, Bukhosi Ncube, Tendai Ndlovu, Gabriel Nyoni, Godfrey Makaruse, Benson Phiri, Honest Moyo, Ray Lunga, Brian Banda, Adrian Silla and Charlton Siamalonga should guide the youngsters who will make it into the team.
“The main reason why I am here is to bring exciting football back to this club, that's the main reason why I am here. I am here to make sure we give these youngsters who were ignored for so many years an opportunity to showcase themselves and to put structures into line so that instead of buying players we can produce players from the development side which is the most important thing,'' Ndlovu said.
Highlanders fans have a chance to see what team Ndlovu is putting together when their team takes on Chicken Inn on 18 February in the Zimbabwe National Army Charities shield semi-final at Barbourfields Stadium. — @Mdawini_29
LOS GATOS, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Roku, Inc. (Nasdaq: ROKU) today announced the addition of live and linear news content and new discovery features to The Roku Channel, an ad-supported streaming channel on the Roku® platform specifically dedicated to giving customers free access to top films and more. The Roku Channel is the OTT launch destination for ABC News Live, a new 24/7 live and linear news stream from anchor partner, ABC News. In addition, Roku customers will be able to access live and linear news feeds from premium news partners such as Cheddar, People TV and others. The Roku Channel is now a top #15 channel on the Roku platform as well as the #3 ad-supported channel. It continues to have, on average, approximately half the advertising per programming hour as compared to traditional ad-supported linear TV.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005658/en/
The Roku Channel (Photo: Business Wire)
New features such as “Collections,” lets customers dive in deeper to explore content in curated thematic collections, and “Continue Watching,” lets customers easily get back into content they've started watching, will improve content discovery and accessibility. These updates will be available to customers through a phased software roll out starting in May.
“We built The Roku Channel so it's easy to navigate, offers great content and brings real value to our customers,” said Rob Holmes, Vice President of Programming, Roku. “Today, we're working with some of the industry's most forward-looking news organizations such as ABC News, Cheddar, People TV, and others, to deliver yet another customer-requested feature to The Roku Channel – live and linear news. ABC News has been at the forefront of producing and delivering live news for OTT viewing and we're excited to have them on-board as one of our anchor news partners.”
ABC News Live, the network's new 24/7 live streaming channel will be available on The Roku Channel, giving users access to breaking news and live event coverage. It will utilize the worldwide resources of ABC News and their people in the field to deliver news in a modern package and take users live, on location to show – not tell them – what's happening in the world.
“Now more than ever people want to find out what's happening in the world from a straightforward news source they know and trust,” said Colby Smith, Vice President, ABC News Digital. “After experimenting with thousands of livestreams and analyzing the data, we're excited to launch ABC News Live for younger viewers who increasingly rely on Roku and non-linear platforms for their news."
In addition to ABC News Live, Roku users can view live and linear news feeds from the following partners:
Cheddar: Cheddar on The Roku Channel is a linear news offering featuring a selection of live and curated content from the network, which offers a unique approach to news in technology, media, and entertainment. PeopleTV: PeopleTV is the ad-supported streaming network helmed by PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly. Roku customers will have unlimited, daily access to quality programming features original series and specials, which encompass celebrity, pop culture, lifestyle and human-interest genres.
Since launching last September, The Roku Channel continues to expand its entertainment library, bringing more content from existing channel publishers, such as FilmRise, Vidmark and more to the forefront, and working with leading studios such as Lionsgate, Metro Goldwyn Mayer (MGM), Sony Pictures Entertainment and Warner Bros. and others.
ROKU OS 8.1
Starting in May, Roku OS 8.1 will deliver a number of enhanced features that add convenience and value to a customer's streaming experience. Most notably, multicast private listening will be added to multiple devices through the Roku mobile app. The update supports up to four users on iOS or Android devices. These updates will be available to customers through a phased rollout over the course of the coming weeks.
For more information on The Roku Channel visit https://www.roku.com/showcase/the-roku-channel.
About Roku, Inc.
Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. We connect users to the streaming content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers with unique capabilities to engage consumers. Roku streaming players and Roku TV™ models are available around the world through direct retail sales and licensing arrangements with TV OEMs and service operators. The company is founded by Anthony Wood, inventor of the DVR. Roku is headquartered in Los Gatos, Calif. U.S.A.
This press release contains “forward-looking” statements that are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us on the date of this press release. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to descriptions of the content that will be available on the The Roku Channel or the availability of future operating system software releases. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are detailed from time to time in the reports Roku, Inc. files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-K for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on Roku's website and are available from Roku without charge.
Roku is a registered trademark of Roku, Inc. in the U.S. and in other countries.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005658/en/
CONTACT: Roku
Abby Reyes
areyes@roku.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT TV AND RADIO TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS HARDWARE INTERNET AUDIO/VIDEO MOBILE/WIRELESS
SOURCE: Roku, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005658/en
$85
SHOP NOW
In a rush? Grab this two-piece outfit that's practically made for days when you don't have time to think about what to wear.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for Mexico to take urgent action in the northern border city of Nuevo Laredo, where at least 23 people have disappeared since the start of February.
The human rights authority says there are strong indications that a federal security force is responsible. It says a local human rights organization believes there have been at least 40 such disappearances.
In a statement Wednesday, the U.N. office said that it had documented the disappearances of 21 males and two females, including at least five minors.
According to statements to U.N. investigators, the disappearances typically occur at night while the victims are walking along or driving on roads. Sometimes their burned and bullet-riddled vehicles are found on roadsides.
PARIS (AP) — French authorities called for calm in France's western city of Nantes, where violent clashes between protesters and police broke out overnight after an officer shot dead a 22-year-old driver who was trying to avoid a police checkpoint.
Interior ministry Gerard Collomb strongly condemned the violence in a written statement Wednesday.
French authorities said prosecutors have opened a judicial investigation. Police also opened an internal probe looking at the officer's actions and his decision to use a firearm.
Protesters in Nantes clashed with police, throwing Molotov cocktails and burning cars and rubbish bins
Protesters also set fire to shops and buildings in three poor neighborhoods across the city.
The clashes ended early Wednesday morning.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph..
Tonight
Some clouds. Low around 80F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph.
With readership peaking at 115,000 unique visitors in a month and over 36,000 followers on social media, our readers tell us that OnTheWight has been responsible for changing the media landscape on the Island over the past 12+ years.
What makes us most proud is them telling us that the Trust OnTheWight.
As you will no doubt have heard across the national news, people are now realising that providing quality news coverage is hard and expensive, as it take a lot of time.
Support OnTheWight
If you believe trustworthy, independently-owned media, dedicated to the Isle of Wight is important, you can do your bit to secure its future by supporting OnTheWight financially today.
You can make a donation via PayPal using your credit or debit card. You won't need to have a PayPal account, just have your credit card to hand and click on the link below to make a one-off payment, or set up monthly payments.
Many thanks in advance for your support. It is much appreciated and will help towards the running costs of OnTheWight.
Image: jakerust under CC BY 2.0
President Donald Trump made a surprise visit to MedStar Washington Hospital Center Wednesday night, where Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana is being treated for his injuries following the shooting at a Republican congressional baseball practice.
RELATED: Louisiana Congressman Steve Scalise in critical condition after Virginia shooting; suspect dead
The president and First Lady Melania Trump brought two bouquets of white flowers to the hospital.
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
MedStar Washington said in a tweet Wednesday afternoon that Scalise "was critically injured and remains in critical condition."
Rep. Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition. The other patient is in good condition. — MedStar Washington (@MedStarWHC) June 14, 2017
It provided no further details about him.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Another person has died in Malaysia from injuries inflicted by a faulty Takata airbag inflator, raising the worldwide death toll to 22.
The unidentified driver was killed when a 2004 Honda City crashed on New Year's day in central Selangor state, according to Honda of Malaysia. The death was the sixth in Malaysia due to exploding Takata airbag inflators. Takata's inflators can explode with too much force, hurling shrapnel into drivers and passengers.
Nineteen auto and truckmakers are recalling up to 69 million inflators in the U.S. and 100 million worldwide. The deaths have occurred since May 2009:
— May 27, 2009: Ashley Parham, 18, of Midwest City, Oklahoma, 2001 Honda Accord
— Dec. 24, 2009: Gurjit Rathore, 33, of Richmond, Virginia, 2001 Honda Accord
— Sept. 13, 2013: Hai Ming Xu, of Alhambra, California, 2002 Acura TL
— July 27, 2014: Law Suk Leh of Sibu, Malaysia, 2003 Honda City
— Sept. 7, 2014: Jewel Brangman, 26, of California, 2001 Honda Civic
— Sept. 29, 2014: Hien Thi Tran, 51, of Orlando, Florida, 2001 Honda Accord
— Jan. 18, 2015: Carlos Solis, 35, of Spring, Texas, 2002 Honda Accord
— April 15, 2015: Kylan Langlinais, 23, of Lafayette, Louisiana, 2005 Honda Accord
— July 22, 2015: Unidentified 13-year-old boy, Mercer County, Pennsylvania, 2001 Honda Accord
— Dec. 22, 2015: Joel Knight, 52, of Kershaw, South Carolina, 2006 Ford Ranger
— March 31, 2016: Huma Hanif, 17, of Fort Bend County, Texas, 2002 Honda Civic
— April 16, 2016: Unidentified person, Sabah State, Malaysia, 2006 Honda City. Inflator ruptured, no death cause determined.
— May 1, 2016: Unidentified person, Malaysia, 2003 Honda City. Inflator ruptured, no death cause determined.
— June, 2016: Unidentified person in Malaysia. Inflator ruptured, no death cause determined.
—June 19, 2016: Ramon Kuffo, 81, Hialeah, Florida. Inflator ruptured while he was repairing interior of car.
— Sept. 24, 2016: Unidentified driver, Johor State, Malaysia, 2009 Honda City. Inflator ruptured, no death cause determined.
— Sept. 30, 2016: Delia Robles, 50, of Corona, California, 2001 Honda Civic.
— July 1, 2017: Steve Mollohan, 56, of West Virginia, 2006 Ford Ranger.
— July 10, 2017: George R. Sharp, 61, of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, 2004 Honda Civic.
— July 13, 2017: Unidentified 58-year-old man in suburban Sydney, 2007 Honda CR-V.
— July 19, 2017: Nichol Lynn Barker, 34, of Holiday, Florida, 2002 Honda Accord.
— Jan. 1, 2018: Unidentified driver in central Selangor state, Malaysia, 2004 Honda City.
Sources: Associated Press archives, Center for Auto Safety, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Honda Motor Co., legal documents and police reports
“An orchestra is like a family. It's a living organism. It keeps growing. It's constantly evolving and rarely stays the same.”
Carl St.Clair, music director of Pacific Symphony, has just wrapped up lunch with a potential candidate for the recently opened position of concertmaster and is reflecting on the extraordinary growth at the orchestra he has led for 28 years. Dressed in black from head to toe, St.Clair greets a visitor with a warm hug before settling back into his seat on the patio of a cafe a stone's throw from the orchestra's home, the Renée and Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall in Costa Mesa.
“We're 39 this year. In orchestra years – dog years or whatever – we're like an adolescent basically,” St.Clair says, laughing. But the “young” orchestra, he says, at once turning serious, “is perched in a position to be catapulted up in national recognition.”
He has ample reason to believe that. In April, the symphony travels to New York City to make its Carnegie Hall debut and in May travels to China for a five-city tour. PBS' “Great Performances” series will broadcast its performance of Peter Boyer's “Ellis Island: The Dream of America.” Pianists Andre Watts and Garrick Ohlsson and violinists Joshua Bell and Pinchas Zukerman will play with the orchestra this season. His “family,” he says, is doing well.
St.Clair is proudest of the upcoming Carnegie Hall performance, which caps the yearlong celebration of composer Philip Glass' 80th birthday. Pacific Symphony was invited to perform “The Passion of Ramakrishna,” a work by Glass that St.Clair commissioned in 2006. Sitarist Anoushka Shankar, daughter of Ravi Shankar, will join them.
“The biggest compliment is that we've been invited by Carnegie Hall,” he says. “You and I could rent Carnegie Hall and do our duo skit or whatever we might do; there might not be anybody there, but we could rent it. But to be invited by Carnegie Hall is a great honor.”
Indeed, it's a high point for Pacific Symphony, which was founded in 1978 as the Pacific Chamber Orchestra, a collaborative venture between Cal State Fullerton and North County community leaders.
Assistant concertmaster Jeanne Skrocki, who joined the orchestra in 1992, still remembers the old rehearsal space. “We were at an old church building in Santa Ana. The floor was not even level; it was at an angle, so they had to use risers to try to flatten it out,” she recalls. “From those humble beginnings to where we are now is just incredible.”
Today, the orchestra has an annual budget of about $20 million and a subscription base of about 11,000, according to Pacific Symphony President John Forsyte. Its endowment is just shy of $19 million, according to Sean Sutton, executive vice president and COO. In 2006, the orchestra played its first concert in its new home, the Cesar Pelli-designed Renée and Henry Segerstrom Concert Hall, featuring tenor Plácido Domingo.
Unlike the larger LA Philharmonic or most orchestras its size, Pacific Symphony does not pay its players an annual salary. The musicians are paid on a per-service basis, meaning that many hold other jobs, such as studio players. Earlier this year, Pacific Symphony approved a new contract that includes a 10.4 percent wage increase over five years and a guaranteed number of rehearsals and performances each season. The new agreement, St.Clair says, sets the table for the next four seasons, creating a stability that helps attract candidates to the orchestra.
“In its 39-year history, we've only had two executive directors or presidents and two music directors,” St.Clair says. “This has helped keep the orchestra on course. It's offered the community a chance to place their trust in a few people, and I'm just very honored to have been one of those.”
That stability is an important factor, says Joe Morris, 27, who joined Pacific Symphony last year as principal clarinet. But, he says, there were other considerations in his decision to join the symphony. He was aware of its reputation and already knew St.Clair. As an undergraduate at USC, Morris won a concerto competition conducted by St.Clair, who later wrote a letter of recommendation for him when he was applying to graduate schools.
“When I joined Pacific, I was really struck by how much it is like a family. It's a really special group of people,” says Morris, who previously served as principal clarinet for the Madison Symphony Orchestra in Wisconsin and the Sarasota Opera Orchestra. “Specifically, the woodwind section, the other principal woodwinds and the clarinet section really reached out to me to not only be my colleague but also my friend. I think that's been a pretty special experience.”
That familial sense is important to St.Clair, and extends to audience members. “I try my best to create a communal listening experience, a communal musical sharing, so they know that they're part of the Pacific Symphony family and not just someone who comes and watches this family onstage that performs for them,” he says.
The audiences, Morris says, make it clear they know what they like. “When we give them a performance that really hits all of the buttons with the right repertoire or maybe the right soloist, the response is always so enthusiastic.”
St.Clair has made it something of a mission to introduce his audiences to new music by American composers. In 2000, he launched the American Composers Festival. Over the years, the orchestra has celebrated the music and influence of such composers as Aaron Copland, Duke Ellington and André Previn, as well as themes, such as Hollywood's Golden Age, and Tradewinds from China, which kicked off three seasons of music of Chinese American composers and American composers influenced by music of the Far East.
“Audiences need to hear living composers. They need to hear new works and have their ears and their minds challenged,” Skrocki says. “It's so great to support these composers and to help them have their works heard so they can have the opportunity to become popular, to become well known. And it stretches the musicians to have to play something that has never been heard before, with really difficult rhythms, notes and patterns. It keeps us on our toes.”
In its 2011-12 season, a few years after the demise of Opera Pacific, the county's professional opera company, St.Clair launched Symphonic Voices, a semi-staged opera initiative. St.Clair had recently departed as music director of Komische Opera Berlin and was looking to fill a void – both personal and for the region.
“I, like Orange County, was without this art form in my life, so I saw a need,” he says. “We felt that people really missed opera. In my mind, we were offering Orange County something they had shown some support and love for and no longer had.”
This season, Pacific Symphony will perform Mozart's “The Magic Flute.” Symphonic Voices has proven to be overwhelmingly popular, St.Clair says, and the orchestra is studying ways to expand its opera-vocal programming.
As it approaches its 40th anniversary, Pacific Symphony faces the challenge of building and diversifying its audience, expanding its national and international footprint and finding ways to remain relevant in people's lives. To that end, the orchestra is exploring outreach initiatives.
Already, the orchestra provides several educational programs, including Class Act, which puts musicians in classrooms across Orange County; arts-X-press, a weeklong summer session for seventh- and eighth- graders; and Santa Ana Strings, which offers elementary school students violin instruction and training. Its Heartstrings initiative provides musical enrichment to underserved communities.
“We believe there is no reason every child should not have access to music,” Forsyte says. “Music is important to the spiritual well-being of every person.”
The summer concerts, played at Irvine Meadows for 29 seasons, moved this year to the Pacific Amphitheatre in Costa Mesa. “We love our partners at the Orange County Fair,” Forsyte says. “Our plan is to be there next summer.”
Pacific Symphony performs about 40 classical concerts, a handful of specials – ‘The Nutcracker' and ‘Harry Potter' at Segerstrom – 14 pops concerts, eight concerts in the summer months, about 10 family concerts and eight youth concerts in addition to tours, such as the upcoming Carnegie Hall concert and the trip to China. In recent years, subscribers have taken advantage of offerings to mix in pops, family and summer concerts with their classical concert selections.
“That flexibility has been a big change,” he says. “We have to find a way of making ourselves available. We can't just say, ‘Here's what we do – take it or leave it. We're playing over here at 8 o'clock, and you're either there or you're not there.' We don't treat our audiences that way, and we don't treat Orange County that way. We have to really study it.”
By remaining flexible and offering a breadth of activities, St.Clair says, the orchestra can remain relevant and grow. And Forsyte insists there's a broad appetite for classical music.
“One of the narratives is that classical music isn't energizing to a younger audience,” he says. “I really think that it's important for all of us who are concerned about the arts to not fixate on one element of diversity. Diversity for us means all things: geography, age, race-ethnicity, taste. We're really looking at that holistically. We seek to engage with the entire county.”
As Pacific Symphony stands on the brink of national and international attention, St.Clair's focus remains on his “family” – the residents of Orange County.
“My goal has been to be locally acclaimed. Before we're going to be nationally recognized, we have to be locally accepted, locally revered, locally valued and respected,” he says. “Every year I can sense a deepening appreciation and respect for the Pacific Symphony from the community. It takes time. But anything meaningful should take time.”
• A Siloam man was served with warrants Tuesday in the city on a series of charges including assault by strangulation, according to Mount Airy Police Department reports. In addition that felony violation that had been issued through the Surry County Sheriff's Office on Dec. 21, Timothy John Starkey II, 39, of 1387 Quaker Church Road, is charged with offenses of felonious restraint and assault on a female which were filed the same day.
Police records also show a violation of communicating threats against Starkey along with five orders for arrest for failing to appear in court in Forsyth County and another in Surry, all with no filing dates listed. He was confined in the Surry County Jail with no bond figure listed and is to appear in District Court on Feb. 12.
• Property was discovered stolen Monday from a 2007 Ford Explorer owned by Amanda Lynn Evans, a South Main Street resident. While at a Churchill Lane location, the vehicle's battery and catalytic converter were taken along with its license plate, number EAY2272. A known suspect is said to have been involved in the crime, for which no monetary loss was listed.
• A second-degree trespassing offense charge was issued Tuesday against Gary Ray Dowell, 68, of 802 Spring St., as a result of Dowell allegedly being on the premises of Northern Hospital of Surry County — from which he had been banned in March 2016 by NHSC security personnel. A March 29 court date was set in the case.
Dowell was charged with the same offense at the hospital on Jan. 13, Nov. 16 and Oct. 9.
• A license plate, number EKV3159, was discovered stolen on Jan. 21 from a 1997 Toyota 4Runner SR5 owned by Christina Berger McMillian, an Apple Drive resident. The tag was taken while the vehicle was at Dollar General on South Main Street, where McMillian is employed.
Authorities say a man charged with killing five people at a mall in Washington state last year has been found dead in his jail cell in an apparent suicide.
Rosemary Kaholokula, chief criminal deputy prosecutor for Skagit County, says 20-year-old Arcan Cetin (AR'-jahn CHEHT-in) was found hanging in his cell Sunday evening. He was being held at the jail in neighboring Snohomish County, where he was awaiting the results of a mental competency evaluation.
Police say Cetin shot a teenage girl, a man and three women in a department store at Cascade Mall in Burlington, north of Seattle, on Sept. 23. Authorities captured him about 30 hours later near his apartment.
His family said he had psychiatric problems.
Cetin's attorney did not immediately return messages from The Associated Press.
Chris heads over to Moe's Original BBQ to speak with Bridgett Murphree about how Moe's can help you this holiday season! Back at Moe's Bridg…
Bangladesh border guards destroyed at least 30 wooden fishing boats after they were intercepted Tuesday evening bringing more than 700 Rohingya Muslims across the river from Myanmar's westernmost Rakhine state. (AFP Photo/FRED DUFOUR)
Bangladesh has destroyed at least 30 wooden fishing boats to deter local captains from smuggling Rohingya refugees and illegal drugs across the border from strife-torn Myanmar, officials said Thursday.
Border guards seized the vessels and arrested the captains after they were intercepted Tuesday evening bringing more than 700 Rohingya Muslims across the river from Myanmar's westernmost Rakhine state.
The boatmen were also caught in possession of about 100,000 "yaba" pills, an illegal stimulant popular in Bangladesh, said a border guard official.
More than half a million Rohingya have fled ethnic bloodshed in Rakhine since late August, many by boat across the Naf River which divides Myanmar and Bangladesh.
"These brokers (boatmen) were smuggling people," one border guard told AFP on condition of anonymity because he was not authorised to speak to media.
"We were asked to destroy the 30 boats. These are hand-pulled vessels, not run by engines", he added, saying non-motorised boats were used to avoid detection.
A government official confirmed 39 people, mostly Rohingya living in Bangladesh, were jailed for six months for "excessively charging" refugees for passage across the Naf.
"The BGB (Border Guard Bangladesh) has done an appropriate job," Zahid Siddique, a local magistrate and government administrator, told AFP.
Gangs of boat owners, crew and fishermen have been charging the fleeing Rohingya upwards of $250 for the two-hour journey that normally costs no more than $5.
Bangladesh's elite Rapid Action Battalion this week rescued 20 Rohingya being held hostage by local gangs demanding huge fares from the refugees.
Some arriving in Shah Porir Dwip told AFP that boatmen had demanded they hand over gold, jewels and cash before taking them across.
The boatmen are accused of not just trafficking people but drugs from Myanmar, with border guards discovering 100,000 "yaba" pills inside the seized vessels.
The BGB officer said the drugs -- a blend of methamphetamine and caffeine popular among Bangladeshi youth -- were concealed inside the boats.
Bangladeshi security forces have seized millions of yaba pills in recent years from traffickers attempting to smuggle the drugs through the border district of Cox's Bazar by land and sea from Myanmar.
In the past fortnight at least five Rohingya men have been arrested on the Naf river in possession of 1.23 million yaba pills.
It's hard to imagine that a woman like Oprah Winfrey has ever had a down moment, but the TV titan reveals that even she has battled depression.
She said she first experienced depression after her film adaptation of Toni Morrison's "Beloved" premiered at the box office in 1998. Winfrey not only starred in the box office flop, but also bought the rights to the book and ushered the film's production to the big screen.
"I got a call from someone at the studio, and they said, 'It's over. You got beat by 'Chucky,'" she recalled in a lengthy interview with Vogue.
"And I said, 'Who's "Chucky?' What do you mean it's over? It's just Saturday morning!'" she continued. "I knew nothing about box-office projections or weekend openings...and so began my long plunge into food and depression and suppressing all my feelings."
She went on, "I actually started to think, maybe I really am depressed. Because it's more than 'I feel bad about this.' I felt like I was behind a veil. I felt like what many people had described over the years on my show, and I could never imagine it. What's depression? Why don't you just pick yourself up?"
Winfrey, 63, said her depression lasted for six weeks.
"That's when the gratitude practice became really strong for me, because it's hard to remain sad if you're focused on what you have instead of what you don't have," she explained.
“ ” It's more than 'I feel bad about this.' I felt like I was behind a veil.
"It taught me to never again, never again, ever, put all of your hopes, expectations, eggs in the basket of box office," Winfrey said. "Do the work as an offering, and then whatever happens, happens."
These days, Winfrey is selecting projects that are not only critical darlings but also box office hits, from "The Butler" to her latest role as Mrs. Which in "A Wrinkle in Time." It also helps that the creator of the OWN Network is also very selective when choosing roles.
The only way she'd agree to a role now, she said, is "if something were to come along and move me to the point that I would be willing to get up and leave here for a period of time."
Transcript for Man accused of stealing more than 100 cellphones at Coachella
Police get some high tech help finding a New York man accused of stealing more than a hundred cell phones from festival goers a Coachella. 36 year old renowned that they who's who send now was arrested during the first day of the music festival. Police tracked him down after several people activated the fine my iPhone feature on their stolen phones. Well they were immediately able to track him through the festival and eventually found him you got it and a backpack full of stolen iphones.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) -- For one last time, St. Anthony's High School opened its doors to Jersey City and offered a final farewell to its friends and family.
The basketball powerhouse in New Jersey that Hall of Fame coach Bob Hurley led to 28 state titles and four national crowns held its last official function Wednesday night, a reunion of sorts for alumni, players, coaches, teachers and friends of the little Roman Catholic school that is closing after losing the decades-long fight against declining attendance and rising costs.
The school in the shadow of the magnificent New York City skyline sent more than 150 players to Division I basketball programs, including Hurley's sons Bobby and Danny who are now Division I coaches.
Even more importantly the school offered low tuition that afforded the children of the poor a chance for an education with a mission to build character in students.
The last group of seniors graduated a couple of weeks ago. The roughly 100-plus remaining students who will be entering their sophomore to senior years in September have had their roughly $6,100 tuition grandfathered by surrounding Roman Catholic high schools operated by the Archdiocese of Newark.
''It's the end of a lot of things,'' Hurley said in the auditorium where a couple of hundred people mingled and reminisced surrounded by tables full of trophies, memorabilia, yearbooks, press clippings and text books covering almost every subject.
If you wanted one, you took it, although the coach was hoping his former players would get the championship trophies. ''It's not an end to the relationship. Those will remain.''
Every time Hurley spoke, someone walked over to say hello, talk about old times, or even to get a photograph or an autograph.
The 69-year-old Hurley plans to run a not-profit basketball clinic in Jersey City, renting the gym where his Friars used to practice and play games.
The redness in Hurley's eyes was a clear indication how hard he was taking the closing. He seemed to be at a wake, although many times his friends and players brought up something that had him smiling.
Doug Reed, who played on Hurley's 82 championship team, said this was a school worth saving.
''The one thing I will always say was that St. Anthony's was always a family, and always will be a family,'' said Reed, who works for NJ Transit.
''The school is big enough that we are known all over the country and sometimes all over the world because of basketball. But it is also small enough that we knew each other.''
There is a loyalty, too, for the school that opened in 1952. Gold balloons on the stage marked the opening and closing years.
''It's difficult,'' said Rosemary McFadden, who chaired the development committee that has raised the money that kept the school alive.
''It's the end of an era, but we had a lot of time to prepare for it. I think people are in a good place. We are celebrating the success.''
There was a little bit of a party atmosphere. There was pizza and wings, cookies, beer, wine and other goodies.
Mary Anne Rochford, class of 1979, drove from Calabash, North Carolina, to attend. Her brothers, Patrick, Danny and John, played basketball for the Friars and she was a cheerleader.
''When I heard our beloved school was closing there was no other option but to drive up,'' said Rochford, who took the time to walk into her homeroom from 1975 and remember the teachers and students who were there.
Willie Banks, the No. 3 pick in the 1987 Major League baseball draft, said he had to come back, just to walk to his locker one more time.
It was a feeling shared by many.
''It was a nice small school that interacted with all different ethnic groups, but the constant was there was always discipline, great basketball and a good education,'' said Richie Freda, who played on Hurley's first championship team in 1967. ''That will be missed because there are not many schools like this anymore.
Peter Miraldo, a mathematics teacher, is one of the lucky members of St. Anthony's faculty. There were 18 teachers this year. A few are going to retire. He said about 14-15 had to look for jobs and he believes he is one of four who found one. He will work at a charter school in Newark.
Miraldo said the closing probably affected the ones who will be seniors next year.
Read More
AP Photo/David Goldman
LAKELAND, Fla. (AP) — Even for an accomplished veteran like Justin Verlander, the start of spring training can be special. “I usually sleep pretty well. I woke up early today,” the Detroit ace said Tuesday. “On one hand, you want to appreciate everything as much as you can. It's not such a whirlwind anymore – you kind of know what to expect. But in the same aspect, every day is pretty much the same thing I've done for 12 years, so it also starts going faster.” Verlander's Tigers were among 15 teams with their first scheduled workouts for pitchers and catchers Tuesday. As major leaguers took the field in Florida and Arizona, that familiar sound of balls popping into mitts served as a reminder that in baseball at least, winter is finally over. While Verlander and the Tigers went through their routine at their newly renovated facility in Lakeland, the Boston Red Sox were about 115 miles to the south, holding their first workout of the post-Papi era. It's Boston's first season without David Ortiz since the Red Sox signed him in January 2003, but Big Papi's retirement may not be too big a blow to a team that added star left-hander Chris Sale. Over in Arizona, the Cleveland Indians began preparing to defend their American League title. Cleveland won the AL Central comfortably last year and made it to the World Series before losing to the Chicago Cubs in seven games. “This time of year, everyone is at glass half-full,” Indians manager Terry Francona said. “We have good reason to be.” Hopes are always high at the start of spring training, but occasionally there's some injury news on the first day. Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said right-hander Chris Tillman had a platelet-rich plasma injection on his right shoulder and won't start the season until April 7 at the earliest. The Kansas City Royals said left-hander Brian Flynn broke a rib and had three minor vertebrae fractures in a bizarre offseason injury. Flynn is expected to miss two months after falling through a barn roof at his Oklahoma residence. The Royals and Miami Marlins begin this season with heavy hearts following the deaths of pitchers Yordano Ventura last month and Jose Fernandez in September, and Tigers owner Mike Ilitch died Friday at age 87. “I got to know him as best as an owner and player can know each other,” said Detroit catcher Alex Avila, whose father Al is the team's general manager. “He was always a very gracious and generous person – very nice to myself, my family. … Very loyal. I know as a family, we always felt we had to kind of reciprocate that loyalty because he's a tremendous man. They're a great family.” The Arizona Diamondbacks have also found themselves dealing with some sobering news. Their bench coach, former Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, has prostate cancer and is set to have surgery. He said doctors believe they caught the cancer early. The Diamondbacks went 69-93 last year and are one of a few National League teams that started workouts Tuesday amid tepid expectations. The Phillies, Reds and Rockies also finished well out of the postseason picture in 2016, but that doesn't mean they can't set goals for themselves. Philadelphia manager Pete Mackanin said he wants his team to play .500 baseball deeper into the season after the Phillies lost 91 games last year. For the first time since 2009, the Giants are entering an odd-numbered season without a World Series title to defend. After winning it all in 2010, 2012 and 2014, San Francisco made the playoffs last year as a wild card but lost in the Division Series to the Cubs. The Giants look like contenders again in 2017, and manager Bruce Bochy had plenty of reasons to be upbeat Tuesday when his pitchers and catchers took the field. “It's a day you look forward to, getting a chance to see everybody and hear the sound of the bat, watch these guys work out again,” Bochy said. “So it's a good day.” — AP Baseball Writer Janie McCauley in Scottsdale, Arizona, contributed to this report. — Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Comments
comments
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Man arrested by NYPD after explosion near Times Square
The New York Police Department says a man is in custody following an explosion near Times Square.
Officers responded to reports of an explosion around 7:30 a.m. Monday near the Port Authority bus terminal.
Some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal have been delayed and are bypassing the terminal.
Several passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
Police say four people suffered non-life threatening injuries.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — The interminable wait is nearly over.
Later this week, the Jets, along with every other team in the NFL, will begin the process of stocking their roster with what they hope are the best and brightest of this year's draft. General manager Mike Maccagnan met with the media Monday for the final time before the show begins Thursday night at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.
And while he didn't say much of anything that would give fans a hint of what he's planning to do with the No. 3 overall pick, it's clear he's feeling the pressure to hit a home run.
The Jets have not made the playoffs since 2010 and are coming off back-to-back 5-11 seasons. Though they are currently in the second year of a massive rebuild/youth movement, they are missing the one thing every successful NFL team has — a franchise quarterback.
“You just want to get it right,” Maccagnan said. “What you really have to do, a lot of jobs are high-pressure jobs, but you just put that to the side. You sort of understand the task at hand. You try to be as objective as possible. Then, you try to go through your process.”
Maccagnan's process includes analyzing the 182 players he has on his war room board. Thanks to the massive trade he made with the Indianapolis Colts that moved the Jets up from No. 6, they have just six picks in this draft. There's not a person alive who doesn't expect Maccagnan to take a quarterback in the first round.
Short of the stellar 1998 season from Vinny Testaverde and a few good years from Chad Pennington in the early 2000s, the Jets really haven't had anything resembling a franchise quarterback since the days of Ken O'Brien back in the mid-to-late 1980s. And even with O'Brien, things were often hit or miss.
Really, the Jets are looking for their first true superstar at the position since Joe Namath basically 50 years ago.
“I know everybody seems to be locked in on that. I don't know why,” Maccagnan said. “We actually may take a safety this year. I'm just joking. The quarterback is such an important position. There's always going to be a focal point that this may be a position of interest for us, but we'll see how it plays itself out.”
MORE: Report: Jets Tried To Land Browns' No. 1 Overall Pick Before Colts Trade
Most experts agree that this year's draft may be the deepest at quarterback in some time. The Jets have been linked to all five of the top ones available — Sam Darnold, Josh Rosen, Josh Allen, Baker Mayfield and Lamar Jackson. However, the most persistent reports suggest the Jets really want to get their hands on one of Darnold, Rosen or Mayfield.
Of course, who they ultimately get will largely depend on what the Cleveland Browns and Giants do, respectively, with the first two picks. Both are said to be considering drafting a quarterback, though some reports have said the Browns seem to like Allen more than most and the Giants could take top running back Saquon Barkley or trade out of the pick entirely.
Mayfield's name has been linked to the Jets the most. The 2017 Heisman Trophy winner may be a bit short, listed at just a shade over 6 foot, but he has the arm strength, accuracy, mobility and, perhaps most importantly, the moxie to potentially thrive in New York. Maccagnan said regardless of the player he selects, he wants someone who will be around for a very long time.
“I think you do that any time you're picking high in the draft, whether it's two or three or heck, even at six,” Maccagnan said. “In your mind, you like to think at that pick in the draft in terms of opportunity cost, you'd like to have a guy you think could be a substantial player in your franchise going forward.”
Assuming the Jets don't shock the world and go in another direction, the quarterback they do select will immediately find himself in a competition at training camp, as veterans Josh McCown and Teddy Bridgewater signed one-year contracts as free agents earlier this offseason.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
John Cena, man of the iron jorts, has put his fighting spirit temporarily to rest for a new animated feature from the Ice Age vendors at Blue Sky Studios. We've already had a lovely teaser confirming that Cena's capable of playing a misfit creature that's a gentle soul trying to escape a litany of bull-based stereotypes, now comes the full trailer which has Kate McKinnon sharing some of the vocal cast spotlight as a supportive goat pal.
Based on the 1936 children's book The Story of Ferdinand about a bull that would rather pass on the whole taking on the matador thing, the 2017 motion picture rendition has Ferdinand captured and taken away from his family. (Make a note of it, DoesTheBullGetTakenAwayFromItsFamily.com editors.) The sweethearted beast is pushed into a world of adventure and the occasional china shop challenge, but it's not quite as bleak as I'm making it sound. It's the fun kind of abduction movie.It's the fun kind of abduction movie. There's a Pitbull gag in the mix.
In addition to having Cena and McKinnon toplining the preview, Daveed Diggs, Gina Rodriguez, Gabriel Iglesias, Bobby Cannavale, David Tennant and Anthony Anderson all lend their voices as well to this inspiration aimed feature film. Ferdinand hits theaters on December 15. Yes, they're using “you can't judge a bull by its cover” in their advertising. Be upset you didn't trademark it first.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
THE supreme grand champion award in the Merino judging ring at this year's Make Smoking History Wagin Woolorama has been given some extra clout with a $6800 4-wheel motorbike up for grabs as the major prize.
Long-time sponsors of the event Elders Limited and Farm Weekly have again joined forces to give added credence to arguably the most sought after accolade on the WA Merino show ring calendar.
Merino sheep section head steward Peter Foley said the sponsorship truly defined the quality of the Wagin Woolorama Merino showing and was a fitting way to reward exhibitors for their breeding excellence.
“We would hope this substantial prize will encourage an even bigger turnout of exhibitors and greater numbers of sheep shown,” he said.
“To help facilitate this we have brought back the fine medium category, which will add eight classes to the two-day judging program giving us a total of 44 classes”.
Mr Foley said last year a concerted effort was made to increase lamb numbers thanks to some generous sponsorship of a sheep feeder from UTF (Universal Feeders) for the champion lamb.
“We certainly got more lambs, which helped boost overall Merino numbers to 215 head from 29 studs, compared to 180 head the previous year and UTF will again sponsor this section,” Mr Foley said.
“But as some people rightly pointed out the value of the prize for the champion lamb was greater than for the supreme grand champion Merino of the show.
“This motorbike award allows us to bring greater parity to the weight of judging with the supreme clearly defined as the premier award and we are very grateful to Farm Weekly and Elders Limited as well as bike supplier Geoff Perkins, Perkins Farm Machinery Centre, Narrogin.”
The Honda TRX 250TM 4-wheel motorbike is a popular seller and an ideal farm runabout bike.
Elders stud stock manager WA Tim Spicer said Woolorama was a perfect forum for his company to show support for the WA sheep industry.
“The calibre of sheep shown here is always outstanding and this event really kick starts the sheep season in WA,” he said.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File). FILE- In this March 21, 2018, file photo, Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell looks to his notes as he speaks during a news conference following the Federal Open Market Committee meeting in Washington. As to govern...
By MARCY GORDON
AP Business Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - The largest U.S. banks would have leeway to take riskier trading bets for their own profit under proposed changes the Federal Reserve unveiled Wednesday.
The changes would loosen rules that since the 2008 financial meltdown have barred big banks from using depositors' money to make sizable bets on stocks and bonds. The Fed now wants to relax these regulations, thereby giving Wall Street greater ability to engage in profit-making trades.
The changes would be applied according to how much trading banks do. At the upper level would be banks with at least $10 billion in trading assets and liabilities. Fed officials said 18 banks fall into that category, accounting for 95 percent of U.S. bank trading and include some foreign banks with U.S. operations.
Less stringent requirements would apply to banks that do less trading. The idea is to give the banks greater clarity on their permissible trading activity without sacrificing their safety and soundness, the officials said.
"Our goal is to replace overly complex and inefficient requirements with a more streamlined set of requirements," Fed Chair Jerome Powell said at a meeting of the central bank's governors.
The move coincides with other government efforts to ease financial regulations and protections that were tightened after the 2008 crisis. President Donald Trump has pushed for such changes, arguing that the stricter financial regulations have constrained economic growth.
Congress has, for example, loosened requirements on how much capital smaller banks must keep as a base to cushion against unexpected big losses. And the Trump administration has significantly scaled back the reach of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which was established to safeguard consumers against financial abuses.
The action the Fed took Wednesday would ease the limits imposed by the Volcker Rule under the 2010 Dodd Frank law. The rule was designed to restrict the trading that big banks could do. Those financial institutions had required federal bailouts after the 2008 crisis - a crisis that was ignited by excessive risk-taking.
Other U.S. financial regulatory agencies, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Securities and Exchange Commission, will discuss and possibly approve the Fed's proposal in their own meetings in coming weeks. The proposal will be opened to public comment for 60 days.
The Volcker Rule is named for Paul Volcker, a Fed chairman in the 1980s who was an adviser to President Barack Obama during the financial crisis. Volcker urged a ban on deposit-funded, high-risk trading by big banks, arguing that it would help prevent future economic crises.
The use of depositors' money by banks to make high-risk trading bets for their own profit is known as proprietary trading. For years, it was a huge money-making activity for Wall Street mega-banks like Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley. Proprietary trading allowed big banks to tap depositors' money in federally insured bank accounts - essentially borrowing against that money and using it for investments.
Under the Volcker Rule, banks have been limited to trading mainly on behalf of their clients rather than for themselves. But they have pushed back against the rule, and the Trump administration has been sympathetic.
"Weakening the Volcker Rule means allowing banks to play with other people's money again," said Ed Mierzwinski, a senior director at the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, a consumer advocacy organization. "That was the casino economy before the crisis."
The Fed is an independent regulator that asserts its separation from political pressure and the White House. Trump, though, has had an unusual opportunity to put his stamp on the central bank by filling several key positions on the seven-member Fed board.
Powell, the new Fed chairman since February, was a board member under the previous Fed leader, Janet Yellen, and before that was an investment banker. After Trump named him Fed chief, Powell told Congress that he believes the rules enacted after the 2008 crisis could be improved, though he is not thought to back the administration's ambition of aggressively rolling back regulations.
One key Trump appointee on the Fed board, Randal Quarles, a former investment banker, is the Fed's top overseer of Wall Street and the leader in seeking to ease financial regulation. He has said the package of rules under Dodd-Frank should be overhauled but not scrapped.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier announced Monday that he's resigning from the president's American Manufacturing Council amid the ongoing criticism over the president's remarks on the weekend protests in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Frazier said in statement that as a "matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal," Frazier said.
The president responded on Twitter, slamming the pharmaceutical executive's decision.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
On Saturday, Trump said the hatred, bigotry and violence in Charlottesville needs to end on "many sides."
He was summarily criticized for not directly condemning white supremacy and extremist groups.
A White House official said on Saturday the president was "condemning hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides" when asked what Trump meant when he condemned the "many sides" involved in the Charlottesville rally.
And there's science behind that.
"Sauna has the same effects on the body as physical exercise," said Dr. Anemona Anghel, interventional cardiologist at St. Luke's. High temperatures lead to increased heart rate and dilation of blood vessels, which reduces the effects of cardiovascular risk factors.
She cited a study of men ages 42-60 who used a dry sauna several times a week. The effects were a significant reduction in the risk of fatal coronary heart disease and sudden cardiac death. Other health benefits are relief for patients with chronic bronchitis and asthma, like what Burnes experienced, and patients with rheumatic disease or psoriasis.
It's important to take some precautions when using a sauna. Dehydration can be a concern, but can be avoided by drinking plenty of plain water or Gatorade. Steer clear of soda, juices, caffeine and alcohol. The latter may increase the risk of arrhythmia (an alteration in heartbeat). Saunas are not recommended for patients with acute heart attack or aortic valve stenosis, Anghel said by email, citing instances of passing out, increased arrhythmia or even sudden death.
"Like any good medication, there are possible side effects to sauna bathing," she said.
Nevertheless, the side effects in general are positive: relaxation, stress reduction and detoxification through sweating. Some people might experience a rush afterward. Anghel compared that to what it feels like after exercising because the body experiences the same responses — a surge of blood to the skin and a rush of norepinephrine, a hormone that increases alertness.
While there's no best time of day to take a sauna, it's beneficial after working out to reduce pain and relax joints and muscles. Common sessions can last 10-15 minutes at 140 degrees up to five times a week, she said.
With regular exposure, people can build a heat tolerance the same way the body builds a tolerance to exercise. "The blood vessels become trained to dilate more rapidly," she said.
Burnes, 60, used to sit in a sauna for hours, but he doesn't recommend that.
"Start slow until you understand how it works, and allow yourself to get used to it," he said.
His tips are to drink water and to throw instead of pour water onto the hot rocks to avoid a splash or direct contact with the rising steam.
Growing up, he'd spend many hours each week sitting in a sauna. It was a space for bonding with his father and grandmother — it was part of his culture, and he attributes that to his surroundings.
"I grew up with a million Finlanders," he said, and saunas have a rich Finnish and regional background.
Roots
"It is the quintessential thing that represents Finnish culture," said Matti Erpestad of Duluth.
He teaches Finnish at the Nordic Center, and he's also a dual Finn/American citizen.
Many Finns immigrated to northern Minnesota in the late 19th and early 20th century. In any homestead, the first building erected was a sauna because it's the pivotal location of the whole Finnish way of life, he said.
"Originally, it's a place where babies were born," and when not in use, the sauna was the place to clean the dead. Today, many people in this area who don't have Finnish roots still embrace the tradition of using a sauna — and of pronouncing the word correctly.
In Finland, a basic way of saying it is a female pig is a sow. Put an "n" "a" on the end, and you're good to go, said Erpestad (who corrected the News Tribune reporter's pronunciation).
The principle aim of a sauna is to relax. It's a place Finns would traditionally go to clear their heads. "It's their best invention," he said.
Burnes agreed about their value and advised: "If you have the opportunity to experience a sauna, jump at it."
Sidebar: Sauna types
Wet saunas are heavy steam rooms that have 100 percent humidity, Dr. Anemona Anghel, interventional cardiologist at St. Luke's said by email. This moist heat prevents sweat from evaporating and cooling the body. The user can control the heat and humidity in the room by pouring water over hot rocks.
Dry and infrared saunas use dry heat. In infrared saunas, heat is delivered via electromagnetic radiation, which penetrates the body to raise its core temperature. This occurs without heating the room, unlike in dry or wet saunas. Temperatures range from 150-185 degrees in a wet sauna and 120-140 degrees in a dry sauna, she said.
Many people believe the best kind of sauna has a wood-fired stove and is located in a separate building on the shore of a lake, said Matti Erpestad, a Finnish language teacher in Duluth.
Whichever sauna type, an authentic experience is to get hot and cool down gradually about three times during each session, Erpestad said.
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — A Pennsylvania man who repeatedly stabbed a woman in an Atlantic City casino parking garage last year has pleaded guilty to attempted murder.
David Legette entered his plea Tuesday as part of a deal with Atlantic County prosecutors. The 54-year-old Bristol Township man faces a 16-year state prison term when he's sentenced July 20.
Authorities say the victim had an active restraining order against Legette when the attack occurred July 2. Prosecutors say Legette stabbed her 19 times, then locked the car doors so she couldn't escape.
As Legette drove in nearby Ventnor, the woman reached out of the window and opened the door from the outside. She then rolled herself out of the car and landed in the middle of the road as Legette drove off. She survived the ordeal.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Police are investigating a vicious dog attack that was caught on camera in the subway.
A pit bull latched onto a passenger's foot and wouldn't let go.
Now, people are wondering why the animal was on the train in the first place.
Witnesses told CBS2's Ali Bauman from the moment the dog got onto the busy subway car, they could feel the tension. Its owner only had it on a leash, which is against MTA rules.
Video shows commuters circling around the pit bull with its teeth tightly clenched around a woman's shoe. Her leg twists as the dog tugs on her foot.
It happened around 3 p.m. Friday on the 4 train approaching Wall Street.
Tahysi Kyng recorded the video and said it all started when the dog's owner sat his pet on the seat next to the woman.
“She's like, ‘the dog doesn't belong on the seat.' He's like, ‘I'm not moving my dog,'” said Kyng.
“She pushes it like, ‘What is this dog doing on the chair?' And he's like, ‘do not push my dog.' And she does it one more time, and he just goes swinging,” another witness Denise Leon added.
Kyng said the woman and dog owner started fighting, with the pit bull still between them.
“He's jumping on her, but she moves back. That's when he catches hold of her shoe and he was not letting it go,” said Leon.
Other riders kept their distance as the owner wrestled the dog off by its collar. He then threw the woman's shoe back at her.
“At the same time, you want to help her, but you don't want the dog to turn on you,” Leon said.
“He never told the dog to let her go at all,” said Kyng.
The MTA allows dogs on subway cars but they must be contained to a carrying case. A spokesperson told CBS2 the video is “disturbing and a clear violation of our rules.”
“Big dogs are not supposed to be on the train,” Leon said. “I just wanted to know if she was OK.”
Kyng said the conductor made everyone get off the train at the next stop. He didn't get a chance to ask the woman if she was alright, but she was able to walk and didn't appear to be bleeding.
The NYPD and MTA are investigating.
DALLAS (AP) — The Latest on Gov. Greg Abbott's plan to improve school safety following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school (all times local):
12:15 p.m.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is recommending dozens of strategies to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a high school near Houston.
The Republican unveiled a 43-page report of recommendations on Wednesday that includes increasing the presence of law enforcement at schools. He also suggests more mental health screening for students. A handful of recommendations involved gun safety.
Abbot says funding will be aided by federal grants, though some recommendations require state lawmakers to weigh in.
The report was released a day after students returned to Santa Fe High School for the first time since the May 18 shooting that killed eight students and two substitute teachers.
The recommendations follow three days of mostly closed-door meetings last week that Abbott organized after the shooting. The staunch gun-rights supporter met with school districts, shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate, among others.
___
12 a.m.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is set to reveal his plan to improve school safety in the aftermath of the deadly shooting at a high school near Houston this month.
Abbott will unveil the plan Wednesday morning at a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters. Last week — just days after the shooting at Santa Fe High School that killed 10 — Abbott held meetings in Austin with a variety of people to help come up with a plan.
Included in the talks were officials from school districts, gun-rights advocates, gun control groups and survivors of shootings.
The Republican governor has been a staunch supporter of gun rights, and there has been little mention of any new weapons restrictions in Texas.
Agencies, Lucknow
Termed as a novice in politics Akhilesh Yadav today was donned as the new president of Samajwadi Party replacing his father Mulayam Singh Yadav. Akhilesh Yadav, became the youngest CM on March 15, 2012 at the age of 38 when he led the Samajwadi Party to power in the state after winning with majority seats.
He played an important role in his party's campaign for the 2012 UP assembly elections. In his 16 year political career, Akhilesh has become the youth icon of the state and his governance has given a new era of development in UP during the past five years. Mr Yadav was born on 1 July, 1973 in Saifai village in Etawah district of Uttar Pradesh. His father, Mulayam Singh Yadav, is a four time chief minister of Uttar Pradesh.
Mulayam Singh Yadav founded the Samajwadi Party in 1992 of which he was also a member. Today Akhilesh was declared as the national president of SP in a parallel national convention against his father. Mr Yadav completed his schooling at Dholpur Military School in Rajasthan.
Thereafter, he completed his Bachelor's and Master's degree course in Civil Environmental Engineering from Mysore University. He also studied in the University of Sydney, from where he holds a degree in Environmental Engineering. Mr Yadav married Dimple Yadav on November 24, 1999 and the couple have two daughters, Aditi and Tina, and a son, Arjun.
Akhilesh has keen interest in sports such as football and cricket. His favourite pastimes include reading, listening to music and watching films. Mr Yadav was elected as a member of the Lok Sabha for the first time from Kannauj in 2000. From year 2000 to 2001, he served as a member of the Committee on Ethics.
From year 2002 to 2004, he was a member of the Committee on Environment and Forests and also of the Committee on Science and Technologies. In 2004, he was re-elected as a member of the 14th Lok Sabha for a second term. From 2004 to 2009, he was members of Committee on Urban Development, Committee on Estimates, Committee on Provision of Computers to various departments.
In 2009, he became member of the 15th Lok Sabha; he got re-elected for a third consecutive term. From 2009 to 2012, he served as member of the Committee on Environment & Forests, Committee on Science & Technology and the JPC on the 2G spectrum scam. On 10 March 2012, Akhilesh Yadav was appointed the leader of the Samajwadi Legislative Party in Uttar Pradesh.
On 15 March 2012, at the age of 38 years, he became the youngest Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh. On 2 May 2012, he resigned as member of the 15th Lok Sabha to become Member of Legislative Council in Uttar Pradesh. Though Akhilesh has been elected as the national president but it has to be seen whether his father Mulayam accepts it or not.
Angela Eagle and Imran Ahmed's new book “The New Serfdom“, a 400-page hatchet job on the great liberal thinker Friedrich Hayek, is being lauded with praise in Labour circles, most effusively from Nick Cohen. Guido must come to Hayek's defence in the face of their rewriting of history.
The New Serfdom is a reminder that, even as the relatively moderate challenger to Corbyn, Eagle is still a liberty-hating socialist who opposes free markets and fundamentally values the state over the freedom of the individual. Even Ed Miliband's office warned that Ahmed was “dangerously left-wing” when he became a Shadow Cabinet adviser. Their book condemns the “veneration of markets”, the “infiltration of marketisation” into the public sector, capitalism's promotion of competition, the “toxic culture” of admiring those who succeed, and calls for a Labour government to create an “empowered state… pursuing a reinvigorated democratic socialism”. It wants to sweep back Thatcher's trade union reforms, regulate the food and drink industry to the hilt and put taxes through the roof. It offers a depressing view of Britain today, talking the country down as “divided and resentful”, dismisses capitalist liberal democracy as a “con”, calls Hayek a “liar” with “extreme views” who inspired Thatcher and her “successor” Trump, and claims Brexit is evidence of “the extreme right on the march”. According to the respected academic Chris Hanretty, Eagle's Wallasley seat voted 53% to Leave…
The history of the last century comprehensively proved correct Hayek's central assertion that socialism morphs into totalitarianism. He was proved right when the Keynesian post-war consensus collapsed and Thatcher used his ideas – “this is what we believe” – to turn the economy around. The New Serfdom is an unashamedly socialist critique of the last forty years of British political life, and so is as dangerous and wrong as you would expect. The key question for Eagle and Ahmed: if they truly believe in their socialist vision for Britain, why did they try to stop Corbyn becoming Prime Minister?
(Kim Kozlowski/Detroit News via AP). Eaton County Sheriff's deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third and fi...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves sits in handcuffs as he prepares to stand in front of Judge Janice Cunningham for a contempt of court hearing after he lunged at Larry Nassar during Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circu...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves, left, talks to attorney Mick Grewal, as he prepares to stand in front of Judge Janice Cunningham for a contempt of court hearing after he lunged at Larry Nassar during Nassar's sentencing a...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Eaton County Sheriff's deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third...
(Cory Morse/The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar , left, lunges at Nassar, bottom right, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich. The incident came during the third a...
By DAVID EGGERT and MIKE HOUSEHOLDER
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) - A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected his request to confront the "demon" in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was "no way" she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
"I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that," the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is "not acceptable that we combat assault with assault."
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were "filled with regret" because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
"I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't," she told Nassar. "The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you."
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him "five minutes in a locked room with this demon." Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for "one minute." That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting him have this power over us," she said. "We cannot behave like this."
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
"I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed," Margraves said of his conduct. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's "no hero."
"My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity," he said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
"It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable - the amount of pain that we've all gone through," Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks "unfortunate" and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is "really unfortunate" if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks "have pierced my soul."
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
___
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
First lady Melania Trump's white ensemble caught attention Tuesday as she stepped out during President Donald Trump's first official state visit of his presidency.
Melania's suit jacket is from the Michael Kors Collection, the office of the FLOTUS confirmed to ABC News today. The jacket appears to be Kors' double crepe-sablé draped blazer, priced at $2,195, from the designer's Spring 2018 collection. The wide-brimmed hat was designed by Hervé Pierre.
Michael Kors
The first lady was also sporting a pair of Christian Louboutin heels in Washington this morning.
Commenters on Twitter praised Melania's fashion moment, some referencing Beyonce's look from the artist's 2016 music video, "Formation."
It seems people are getting some serious Beyoncé 'Formation' vibes from Melania's hat this morning, but I can't see why tho. pic.twitter.com/KAlKon0fk2 — Minstra (@ViceRoyMinstra) April 24, 2018
Joshua Roberts/Reuters
The Trumps were joined at the White House by the president of France, Emmanuel Macron, and his wife, Brigitte, who also wore white.
Trumps, Macrons wave to the crowd from the White House balcony. https://t.co/XEHxGUnPUc pic.twitter.com/ydsNoWprdD — ABC News (@ABC) April 24, 2018
ABC News' Meridith McGraw contributed to this report.
darts
Davey Marley produced an epic come back in the Golden Fleece Darts Premier League to clinch the victory against Mark Forth.
Trailing 3-0, Marley rallied to win the next five legs to nail the comeback victory.
Both players' best leg was a 20-darter, with Marley also enjoying a great finish of 103.
Denny Cullen stormed to a 5-0 victory over Don Green.
Cullen then picked up his second success of the night when he eased past Jaxon Douglass, winning 5-1.
Kev Long beat Tom Davies 5-3, while Pete Wilson defeated Michael Davies 5-2.
Jordan Thoms saw off Jaxon Douglass to win 5-1, with best legs of 20 and 21 darts.
Steve Richardson eased to a 5-2 victory over Gary Richardson, winning his legs in 18, 19 and 21 darts.
Lee Rump beat Marco Laybourn 5-3, with both players' best legs coming in 19 and 21 darts.
Glen Woodbridge closed the gap to one point at the top of the table with a 5-1 success over Paul Moon.
Elsewhere, Adam Lafferty drew with Charlie Thompson.
BEIJING (AP) - The co-chairman of HNA Group, a conglomerate that operates China's fourth-largest airline and finance, logistics and other businesses around the world, has died in an accident while on a business trip in France, the company said Wednesday.
Wang Jian, a co-founder of the company, suffered "severe injuries" in a fall in Provence in southern France and died Tuesday at age 57, said an HNA Group statement. It gave no other details.
Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree.
More recently, HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt.
Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China and received an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands, according to his company.
HNA agreed last year to acquire a hedge fund operated by Anthony Scaramucci, an aide to U.S. President Donald Trump. That never received regulatory approval and the two sides called off the deal in April.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Islamic State militants attacked Afghan soldiers guarding a military academy in the capital on Monday, killing at least 11 troops and wounding 16.
The attack, which began before dawn and continued well past daybreak, was the latest in a wave of relentless violence in Kabul this month unleashed by the Taliban and the rival Islamic State group that has killed scores and left hundreds wounded.
President Donald Trump condemned the recent spate of violence, saying "innocent people are being killed left and right," including children. After previously expressing support for Afghan efforts to reach a political settlement with the insurgent group, Trump said "there's no talking to the Taliban."
Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman Dawlat Waziri said a suicide bomber struck the military unit guarding the academy, setting off a gunbattle. Two of the attackers were killed in the gunbattle, two detonated their suicide vests and one was arrested by the troops, he said.
Waziri confirmed that 11 soldiers were killed. He said "the attack was against an army unit providing security for the academy and not the academy itself."
The Islamic State affiliate in Afghanistan, which calls itself Khorasan Province, claimed the attack in a statement carried by its Aamaq news agency, saying its fighters targeted the academy.
The academy, known as Marshal Fahim National Defense University, is sometimes called "Sandhurst in the Sand" — a reference to the British academy. Named after Mohammed Fahim, the country's late vice president and a military commander of the Northern Alliance that fought the Taliban, the academy was inaugurated in 2013 after British forces oversaw the development of its officers' school and its training program.
The academy was also the site where the highest-ranking U.S. military officer to be killed in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq lost his life, in August 2014. Army Maj Gen. Harold J. Greene, then deputy commander of the transition force in the country, was shot and killed by an Afghan soldier in a so-called "insider attack" that was later claimed by the Taliban.
The same academy was also attacked in October last year by a suicide bomber who killed 15 officers. The attacker was on foot and detonated his suicide vest as the on-duty officers were leaving the facility. That attack was also claimed by the Taliban.
President Ashraf Ghani denounced Monday's attack, saying the "Taliban must choose between Islam and terrorism."
Neighboring Pakistan also condemned Monday's attack, saying it "reiterates its strong condemnation of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, especially the series of heinous attacks within the last week in Afghanistan."
Both the Taliban and IS have stepped up attacks in recent weeks, in what analysts say is a campaign of violence intended to undermine the U.S.-backed government.
On Saturday, a Taliban attacker drove an ambulance filled with explosives into the heart of the city, killing at least 103 people and wounding as many as 235.
The Taliban claimed the ambulance attack, as well as an attack a week earlier in which militants stormed a luxury hotel in Kabul, killing 22 people, including 14 foreigners, and setting off a 13-hour battle with security forces.
Masoom Stanekzai, the head of Afghanistan's intelligence service, said five suspects have been arrested for their involvement in the hotel attack. A sixth suspect had fled the country, he said. He also said that four people have been arrested in connection with Saturday's ambulance attack.
The recent attacks have underscored the weaknesses of Afghan security forces more than 16 years after the U.S.-led invasion toppled the Taliban.
They also raise questions about Trump's strategy for winning America's longest war, which was announced in August but has changed little on the ground. That strategy was based on ramping up military pressure on the Taliban to eventually force them into peace talks with the government.
But in a meeting with visiting ambassadors on Monday, Trump said "we don't want to talk with the Taliban."
The Taliban have been waging an insurgency since they were driven from power by U.S. and Afghan forces after the Sept. 11 attacks. In recent years, they have seized districts across the country and carried out near-daily attacks, mainly targeting Afghan security forces and the U.S.-backed government. They say they are open to direct peace talks with the United States, something Washington has long rejected.
The Islamic State affiliate in Afghanistan emerged in 2014, as the U.S. and NATO were winding down their combat mission and around the time that IS declared its self-styled Islamic caliphate, headquartered in Syria and Iraq. Its followers have clashed with both Afghan forces and the Taliban.
___
Associated Press writers Maamoun Youssef in Cairo and Patrick Quinn in Beirut contributed to this report.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
The upcoming season of American Horror Story: Cult is, if nothing else, doing a good job of combining all of the things people hate the most, namely: clowns, bees, and the 2016 presidential election. The latest teaser that came out over the weekend has two of those elements, featuring a clown that blows up a balloon that's filled with — wait for it — bees.
That was the second teaser that was released over the weekend — the first depicting some kind of bizarre clown ritual, surrounding a half naked woman (?) in the middle of the group. (Do these clowns remind anyone else of the Turok-Han from Buffy the Vampire Slater?)
Also worth noting was the fan meetup in Philadelphia on Friday that we previously mentioned, where attendees stood in line for a selection of swag and a code to unlock more locked content on the interactive fan site. And from the looks of it, Twisty the Clown is indeed going to factor heavily into the seventh season.
U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as investors worried about weak retail sales and oil prices sank. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time in six months.
On Wednesday:
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 2.43 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,437.92.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 46.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 21,374.56.
The Nasdaq composite declined 25.48 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,194.89.
The Russell 2000 index retreated 8.41 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,417.57.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is up 6.15 points, or 0.3 percent.
The Dow is up 102.59 points, or 0.5 percent.
The Nasdaq is down 13.03 points, or 0.2 percent.
The Russell 2000 is down 4.13 points, or 0.3 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 199.09 points, or 8.9 percent.
The Dow is up 1,611.96 points, or 8.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 811.77 points, or 15.1 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 60.44 points, or 4.5 percent.
Transcript for The stars of 'Pretty Little Liars' surprise three super-fans live on 'GMA'
square because we're gearing up for the return of "Pretty little liars." Yes. I can't believe it's the final season. We've got a lot of fans here with us and how many -- I can tell you're excited about that. All right, there are some super fans right here. What is it about the show that you love so much? Well, I mean, the show is just -- it's incredible. It keeps you hooked the entire way through. It's been seven years and I'm still on the edge of my seat after every single episode so it's just amazing at keeping their audience. I understand you have not missed one episode of "Pretty little liars." No, I've never missed an episode and watching it since I was like in fifth grade and dragged my little sister in the room and I record it and I'd rewind the scenes over and over again. Oh, my god. Oh, my god.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
By Brendan O'Brien
MILWAUKEE (Reuters) - Tens of millions of Americans in the Midwest and on the East coast will face brutally hot temperatures and stifling humidity as they celebrate the Fourth of July holiday on Wednesday, the National Weather Service (NWS) said.
Heat advisories and excessive heat warnings were in effect through Wednesday night, with heat index values – which combine temperature and humidity – in major U.S. cities such as New York City and Chicago expected to reach well above 90 degrees Fahrenheit (32°C).
At least four people have died due to the heat over the last week, including a Pennsylvania woman who died while working in her garden on Saturday and a man who was running a race in New York on Sunday, CNN reported.
For the Fourth of July holiday, Dan Petersen, an NWS meteorologist, warned people celebrating outside to remain in the shade and drink plenty of fluids.
"Anyone outside in locations with expanded areas of heat is going to have to take precautions," Petersen said. "This is the peak of summer – the hottest time of the year."
Later this week, a storm front is expected to roll through and cool down the eastern seaboard for the weekend, Petersen said, providing relief to Washington, D.C. and Philadelphia on Friday night before heading down to the Carolinas.
In a reversal of normal patterns, Petersen said, the hot weather will head west, hitting the central United States late in the week before reaching Los Angeles and San Diego on Friday.
(Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Catch up on stories from the past week (and beyond) at the Slashdot story archive
BERLIN (AP) — Having sealed his move to Arsenal, striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has apologized to Borussia Dortmund fans for the breakdown in his relations with the German club.
Aubameyang moved to the Premier League club on Wednesday for 63.75 million euros ($80 million), a record fee for Arsenal.
The 28-year-old Gabon international was recently dropped by Dortmund for two league games after missing a club appointment, with coach Peter Stoeger saying he felt the player lacked focus. It was the third time the club had sanctioned the player for disciplinary reasons in a little over a year.
"First of all, sorry for everything that happened in the last month," Aubameyang posted on his Instagram account. "But I wanted to move already last summer and it didn't work out, but now it had to. Perhaps I didn't pick the best way, but everyone knows that Auba is crazy - and yeah, I'm a crazy guy, hahahaha!
"I made a mistake but not from bad intentions. I'll never forget these four and half years, because you all gave me the strength for the level I'm at now. I thank the whole BVB family, the fans, the club, the staff and of course my teammates! Your Auba17!!!"
Aubameyang was the Bundesliga's top scorer last season with 31 goals. He had 13 in 16 league games this season.
"After the unpleasant events of the last weeks, we prefer to remember that the story of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was a success over more than four years," Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc said.
MADRID (AP) — Spanish officials say more than 300 people including newborns have been rescued from a wooden fishing boat off Libya's coast and taken to an Italian port.
The Defense Ministry said water was flooding the boat when rescuers reached it Saturday northeast of the Libyan town of Misrata.
The ministry said a Spanish frigate working on a European border patrol mission and a vessel of the Spanish non-governmental organization Proactiva Open Arms transferred 329 people from the wooden boat.
The migrants were from various Sub-Saharan African countries and included 95 women, three of them pregnant, and 37 children — including six newborns, according to Javier Yrayzoz, a Second Lieutenant with Spain's Santa Maria frigate.
Yrayzoz said rescuers worked against the clock to securely transfer the migrants from the fishing boat as its stowage, where many of the passengers crammed, filled up with water.
"We saw moments of heightened tension because the water leak forced us to operate at high speed while safety measures dictate us to operate cautiously," the lieutenant told The Associated Press over the phone.
A doctor with the frigate said those rescued showed symptoms related to hypothermia and tiredness, but overall they were healthy.
The ministry said Monday the migrants were taken Sunday to Italy.
The International Organization for Migration says 4,742 migrants entered Europe by sea this year through Jan. 25, and that 206 others died en route.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola was basking in a victory that might have wrapped up the Premier League title by early December when he turned on the skeptics who doubted his philosophy could work in English soccer.
"People said in England you cannot play that way," Guardiola said after City's 2-1 win at Manchester United on Sunday. "In England, you can play that way as well."
And who can argue with him? His team is setting standards never before seen in the history of England's top division — and doing it in style, too.
City has won a record 14 straight games, and dropped just two points all season, to establish an 11-point lead after 16 rounds. They've scored the most goals (48) and conceded the joint-fewest (11) in the league. According to Opta, the official statistics supplier to the Premier League, City has an average possession of 71.6 percent in matches, an average pass accuracy of 88.5 percent, and has had more touches in the opposition box (616) than any other team.
Those are the spectacular results of his work. But as important to Guardiola is the process.
Even in the toughest periods of his first season as City, when the team was eliminated in the last 16 of the Champions League and clinched a top-four finish in the league only on the final day, Guardiola never wavered from his belief in the fundamentals of his philosophy.
Dominating possession.
Attacking at every opportunity.
Trying to win every game.
He often paid lip service to English soccer devotees who felt he needed to tweak his tactics to succeed in the Premier League, notably because of the intensity of the schedule, the weather, and the perceived high standard of the top division. Maybe he did so to downplay expectations, too.
"I'm not going to change England and I don't want to do that," Guardiola said in January, when City was toiling amid a period of inconsistent results midway through last season. "Of course, it's going to change me. That's why I came here — to be changed."
In some subtle aspects, perhaps he has changed. He's recognized the importance of the second ball, acknowledged that his team will not control every game for 90 minutes, grown to understand the difference with English referees.
But deep down, Guardiola was never going to change. His philosophy, developed at Barcelona under the tutelage of his mentor and one-time coach Johan Cruyff, was too ingrained.
Only now does he feel he is being vindicated.
"We are clear, we are open," Guardiola said after the win at Old Trafford. "We want the ball, want to attack, want to try to win the games in the way we believe. The others can do whatever they want. My players want to play, want to attack.
"Sometimes they're quicker, sometimes they're faster, but they're not a team who try to look for something special. Because we are honest. We're going to face the opponent face-to-face, to try to win."
Guardiola has treated matches away to big rivals United and Chelsea in the same way he has any other side. And he doesn't hide it.
City had 65 percent possession against United, which had supposedly regained its so-called fear factor at Old Trafford having not lost there in 40 games in all competitions, and had almost double the number of shots (14 to 8).
In September, City went to Chelsea and beat the defending champions 1-0 with a display that was even more dominant than that against United. In both games, Guardiola played a front three with two attacking wingers, and playmakers David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne in midfield.
There was no obvious sign of tailoring his formation according to the opposition.
"We came here, like we were at Stamford Bridge and all the games since I came here, to try to win," Guardiola said. "And I'm so happy."
Last season, Guardiola maybe placed too much faith in the ability of some City players who weren't good enough or skilled enough to carry out his orders. His full backs, for example, weren't technically gifted enough to move into midfield and either contribute to attacks or be an initial block to a counterattack.
Now, after another spending spree last summer, he is close to having his ideal team.
Xavi Hernandez, a playmaker and captain under Guardiola at Barcelona, said upon the coach's arrival in the Premier League in the summer of 2016 that Guardiola "changed world football" and "is one of the few people who can change English football."
The manner of City's relentless march to the Premier League title shows Xavi could be right.
When he was presented as City manager in July 2016, Guardiola — in an attempt not to sound too arrogant — said that "to come to the country which created football and believe you have to change something, would be a little bit presumptuous."
"I'm not good enough to change everything," he said then.
Maybe he is.
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
An East Durham delivery specialist has posted a record financial performance for the year.
Premium white glove delivery firm Panther Warehousing, which employs more than 40 people at its North East base in Peterlee, has released end-of-year results which show 30% growth in turnover to £38million.
And with like-for-like sales this year already being up by 70%, senior management are predicting further growth, with turnover expected to rise to £55 million.
The company now has its sights set on achieving a turnover of £100million by 2020.
Panther has year a number of new services this year, including the launch of its ‘Solo' one-man delivery service, a two-hour delivery window, late cut off times up to 10pm, Sunday deliveries and a Sunday collection service for Monday delivery.
Managing director Colin McCarthy said: “This has been an incredible year for Panther and one in which we have enjoyed unbelievable growth as more and more customers have embraced our service offering.
“These record results are a testament to the company's ongoing commitment to deliver the best in class service and continuous innovation enabling us to stay ahead of the competition.
“We pride ourselves on consistently looking at ways to increase and improve our offering for the benefit of both our customers and the end customer and it is this approach which has been at the core of our success.”
Panther has a number of developments planned which include a potential acquisition within the warehousing and storage sector, an investment of £1million in IT together with a major recruitment drive to expand its 500-strong workforce to 750 employees.
The company also intends to increase its depots to 10 by 2018, with plans for a further five depots by 2020, as well as invest in a new fleet of 125 vans to keep up with demand.
By Clare Baldwin and Andrew R.C. Marshall
MANILA (Reuters) - Before Rodrigo Duterte's bloody war on drugs had even begun, allies of the Philippines president were quietly preparing for a wider offensive. On June 30, as Duterte was sworn in, they introduced a bill into the Philippine Congress that could allow children as young as nine to be targeted in a crackdown that has since claimed more than 7,600 lives.
The bill proposes to lower the minimum age of criminal responsibility from 15 to 9 years old to prevent what it calls "the pampering of youthful offenders who commit crimes knowing they can get away with it."
"You can ask any policeman or anyone connected with the law enforcement: We produce a generation of criminals," Duterte said in a speech in Manila on December 12. Young children, he said, were becoming drug runners, thieves and rapists, and must be "taught to understand responsibility."
The move to target children signals Duterte's determination to intensify his drug war, which faces outrage abroad and growing unease at home. The president's allies say his support in Congress will ensure the bill passes the House of Representatives by June.
The House would approve the bill "within six months," said Fredenil Castro, who co-authored the legislation with the speaker of the House, Pantaleon Alvarez. It might face opposition in the Senate, but would prevail because of Duterte's allies there, added Castro.
National police chief Ronald Dela Rosa recently announced that he was suspending anti-narcotics operations, which have killed more than 2,500 people, while the force rids itself of corrupt cops. The announcement came after it emerged last month that drug squad officers had killed a South Korean businessman at national police headquarters.
The killing of drug suspects has continued, albeit at a slower pace, with most following the pattern of killings that police have blamed on vigilantes. Human rights monitors believe vigilantes have killed several thousand people and operate in league with the police – a charge the police deny.
Duterte has signaled he intends to continue his drug war. In late January, he said the campaign would run until his presidency ends in 2022.
'IN CAHOOTS WITH DRUG USERS'
Lowering the age of criminality was justified, Castro told Reuters, because many children were "in cahoots with drug users, with drug pushers, and others who are related to the drug trade." He said he based his support for the bill on what he saw from his car and at churches – children begging and pickpocketing. "For me, there isn't any evidence more convincing than what I see in every day of my life," he said.
A controversial bill to restore the death penalty, another presidential priority, is also expected to pass the House of Representatives by mid-year, according to Duterte allies in Congress.
Supporters of the bill to lower the age of criminality say holding young children liable will discourage drug traffickers from exploiting them. Opponents, including opposition lawmakers and human rights groups, are appalled at a move they say will harm children without evidence it will reduce crime.
There is also resistance inside Duterte's administration. A member of Duterte's cabinet who heads the Department of Social Welfare and Development opposes the move. And a branch of the police responsible for protecting women and children disputes the claim that children are heavily involved in the drug trade – a claim not supported by official data.
Opponents warn that lowering the age of criminality would further strain a juvenile justice system that is struggling to cope. At worst, they say, with a drug war raging nationwide, the bill could legitimize the killing of minors.
"What will stop them from targeting children?" said Karina Teh, a local politician and child rights advocate in Manila. "They are using the war on drugs to criminalize children."
IN THE FIRING LINE
The drug-war death toll includes at least 29 minors who were either shot by unidentified gunmen or accidentally killed during police operations from July to November 2016, according to the Children's Legal Rights and Development Center (CLRDC) and the Network Against Killings in the Philippines, both Manila-based advocacy groups.
Dela Rosa said the Philippine National Police "fully supports" the new bill. It is "true and supported by data" that minors are used by drug traffickers because they can't be held criminally liable, the police chief said in a submission to the House of Representatives.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- Ozzie Newsome will step down as the Baltimore Ravens general manager after the 2018 season and Eric DeCosta will replace him, owner Steve Bisciotti said at the annual "State of the Ravens" address Friday.
Newsome, 61, made the decision to hand over top personnel role over DeCosta after the 2013 season, when he signed a five-year extension. Since becoming the team's top decision maker after the franchise's move from Cleveland to Baltimore, Newsome has been the architect for two Super Bowl championship teams (2000 and 2012).
"Ozzie will step down as GM and has assured me that he's not going anywhere," Bisciotti said. "He will work with me and work with Eric for a smooth transition. He'll be the highest paid scout in America when Eric takes over next year."
Bisciotti also said there was "a thought" about firing coach John Harbaugh after the season, but he pointed out that he was proud of how Harbaugh held the team together during losing streak in the middle of the season. Baltimore finished 9-7 last season and has reached the postseason only once in the past five years.
"It was certainly a consideration, but not one that I was inclined to make this year," Bisciotti said.
Bisciotti refused to give a playoff-or-bust edict to Harbaugh heading into next season.
"He's under as much pressure than probably he's ever been in his life, and I expect him to keep his chin up and take his positivity and his talents and make the most of the season," Bisciotti said. "I may as well replace him now if I tell him to make the playoffs or you're out of town next year. That's not the way we run business here."
Under Newsome, the Ravens have drafted 18 players who developed into Pro Bowl players, including one Hall of Fame inductee (offensive tackle Jonathan Ogden) and three potential ones (linebacker Ray Lewis, safety Ed Reed and linebacker Terrell Suggs).
But the Ravens have struggled with disappointing drafts in recent years. Baltimore has selected two Pro Bowl players in the past five drafts (linebacker C.J. Mosley and fullback Kyle Juszczyk) while whiffing on top picks such as wide receiver Breshad Perriman, safety Matt Elam and linebackers Arthur Brown and Kamalei Correa.
DeCosta, 46, joined the Ravens in 1996 in an entry level position and worked his way up to becoming the assistant general manager in 2012. He has continually turned down interviews for general manager positions.
Asked what he likes about DeCosta, Bisciotti said, "Everything. I think he has learned from Ozzie and he's a great leader of the scouts. I like working with him. I think it's pretty evident by the fact that we were getting called every single year to try to get him, and it's a matter of it's time. There are people running other franchises that got the jobs because Eric wouldn't take it."
WASHINGTON (AP) — With a new health secretary in office, the Trump administration is proposing its first regulatory changes to the health insurance markets created by President Barack Obama's overhaul.
Among the most noticeable change for consumers: a shorter sign-up window of 45 days, as opposed to three months.
Administration officials said Wednesday the new regulations will help to stabilize the individual insurance market for next year. That could buy time for the Republican-led Congress to make good on its promise to repeal the Obama-era health care overhaul and replace it with a conservative approach.
Many of the proposed changes reflect the wishes of the insurance industry. Even so, insurer Humana announced Tuesday it will not participate in next year in the government-run marketplaces.
Human Services Secretary Tom Price was confirmed Friday.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexican President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is promising that jobless youths, the elderly and Mexico's business sector will be the biggest beneficiaries of his first year in office.
Lopez Obrador is pledging to pay the salaries of apprentices employed by Mexican companies as part of a $5 billion packages of scholarships and job training.
The once-fiery leftist met with Mexican businessmen on Wednesday and pledged another $2 billion to extend and increase old-age supplementary payments to the elderly nationwide.
Lopez Obrador said the two programs will be the central themes of his first year in office. He said the $7.5 billion package will be paid for by government cost-cutting, "even if we are left without a shirt on our backs."
Lopez Obrador was elected in a landslide Sunday.
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — Nearly 3,000 production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant are deciding Wednesday on whether they want to unionize, writing the next chapter in efforts to organize labor in large manufacturing plants across the South.
If successful, the balloting on whether employees should join the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers would send a significant message to politicians both in the region and Washington that workers here are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas. And, to the leaders trying to recruit businesses by promoting their states' lack of union presence, it'd make their jobs more difficult.
But this most recent test of Southern acceptance of collective bargaining movements is an uphill battle for the union and its backers. The global aviation giant, which came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence, did so with the aid of millions of dollars in state assistance made possible by officials who spoke out frequently and glowingly with anti-union messages.
"It is an economic development tool," Gov. Nikki Haley, now President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, said in a 2012 address of how she sold companies on why they should come to the state. "We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina."
At least that part of the tactic has worked. While some South Carolina workers have representation — just more than 1,900, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' 2016 figures — most don't. Other major manufacturers in the state, including BMW and Michelin, aren't unionized or haven't experienced major campaigns to do so. The Machinists initially petitioned for a vote at Boeing in 2015 but withdrew the request because of what the union called a toxic atmosphere and political interference.
Southern states for decades have recruited manufacturers by promising freedom from the influences of labor unions, which except for some textile mills have been historically rejected by workers as collective action culturally foreign to a South built around family farms, said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
A successful union vote at Boeing would have a greater impact on the general view of labor in the South than efforts by autoworkers to unionize Volkswagen in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as a foothold for organizing other Southern car plants. Anti-union advocates could always cite VW as an aberration since representatives of one of its key unions in Germany hold seats on the company's board of directors, Hirsch said.
"Boeing is very, very different," Hirsch said. "No one will ever accuse Boeing of being pro-union."
A "yes" vote would be meaningful throughout the region, said Daniel Cornfield, sociology professor and labor expert at Vanderbilt University. "Given the dynamism of industrialization in the Southern region now, especially the development ... of the U.S. automotive industry, any type of heavy-industry union victory would certainly inspire other workers in related industrial sectors in the South to think about unionizing."
What strikes Cornfield about the Boeing case is the company's silence over consequences for workers.
"The company has not been threatening to relocate its operations in the event of a unionization," he said. "It is often the case that companies try to relocate outside of the United States to find cheaper labor and avoid U.S. unions altogether."
Boeing already may have abstained from those kinds of threats because of its huge South Carolina plant investment and billions of dollars in federal defense contracts. Threatening to move manufacturing would come after Trump blasted Boeing for its cost of building a new presidential Air Force One for future presidents.
"Costs are out of control," Trump tweeted in early December. "Cancel order!"
Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later.
"Given the recent pronouncements of President Trump about keeping manufacturing in the United States," Cornfield said, "it would be interesting and an ironic twist that President Trump is possibly defanging large corporations in their efforts to resist unionization by encouraging companies to stay in the United States, giving workers a leg up and unions a leg up in the campaign period."
Catherine Templeton, South Carolina's former labor director and successful anti-union lawyer, is no stranger to this fight. When Haley picked Templeton to lead South Carolina's labor department, the governor played up Templeton's union-fighting background and saying she needed her help to "fight the unions" at Boeing.
"They cannot legally deliver higher wages, better benefits or a different working environment. Even if they are promising it, they certainly can't deliver it," Templeton said.
On Monday, in a final gathering before the vote, several hundred Boeing employees gathered in a hotel ballroom just a mile from the Boeing plant, hearing from activists and members of other unions urging them to vote "yes" on Wednesday.
"Suppressing working people is the old way of doing business in South Carolina," Machinists organizer Mike Evans said, to cheers from the crowd. "It's not going to be this way anymore."
___
Associated Press writer Emery P. Dalesio in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
___
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
Two top Republican allies of President Donald Trump have thrown cold water on his claims that the Obama administration used a spy to infiltrate his 2016 presidential campaign, an unsubstantiated theory he and some conservative allies have dubbed "Spygate."
Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia Investigation news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
In an appearance on Fox News Tuesday evening, Rep. Trey Gowdy, who attended a classified briefing last week on Capitol Hill with top members of the Department of Justice and the FBI, said that the president should rest assured that the FBI was not "spying" on members of his campaign.
"I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got," Gowdy said.
Another staunch advocate of President Trump on cable TV, Judge Andrew Napolitano, also appeared on Fox and expressed agreement with Gowdy's assessment that the president and Rudy are not accurate in saying that a spy infiltrated the Trump campaign.
"The allegations by Mayor Giuliani over the weekend, which would lead to us believe that the Trump people think that the FBI had an undercover agent who inveigled his way into the campaign and was there as a spy on the campaign seem to be baseless," Napolitano said. "There is no evidence for that whatsoever."
Further expanding on his comments in a follow-up interview on Wednesday morning, Gowdy said on CBS "This Morning" that Trump's lawyers "have an obligation to go share with him" what lawmakers learned in the meeting to help tamp down his continued promotion of "Spygate".
White House chief of staff John Kelly and President Trump's White House lawyer handling the Russia investigation helped broker last week's meetings with lawmakers regarding the classified information on an alleged informant who made contact with members of the Trump campaign. But the president as recently as Tuesday evening doubled down on the false claim that a spy found its way in the ranks of his campaign.
"How do you like the fact they had people infiltrating our campaign?" Trump asked a crowd at a campaign rally in Tennessee. "Can you imagine?"
But Gowdy Wednesday said that based on the information he was provided the true target of the FBI's investigative efforts was Russia's efforts to meddle in the 2016 election.
"I think the FBI, if they were at the table, would tell you Russia is the target and Russia's intentions toward our country were the target," Gowdy said. "The fact that two people were loosely connected with the Trump campaign may have been involved doesn't diminish fact that Russia was the target and not the campaign."
Following Gowdy's sit-down, President Trump reacted by tweeting a quote from Gowdy reacting to a New York Times report overnight about Trump's reportedly requesting in 2017 that Sessions withdraw his recusal from overseeing the Russia investigation.
Gowdy in the interview pushed back on the idea that such a request would amount to obstruction of justice and noted it was not abnormal for the president to express frustration with Sessions, saying if he knew Sessions would make such a decision he may have picked someone other than Sessions for the nation's top law enforcement position.
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don't think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that's how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn't you tell me before I picked you..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
"And I wish I did!" Trump said.
Trump did not, however, respond to Gowdy's comments in the interview disputing his claims regarding 'Spygate.'
Ammonite, an open source tool to use the Scala language for scripting, should debut in its Version 1.0 production version in next two months.
The two-year-old project lets Scala be used for small scripts. It offers an interactive REPL (read-eval-print loop) and system shell capabilities. The project also can be used as a library in existing Scala projects, via the Ammonite-Ops file system library.
"Scala has traditionally been a heavy, powerful language with heavy, powerful tools. Ammonite aims to let you use it for small, simple tasks as well,” said Ammonite developer Li Haoyi, a former engineer at Fluent Systems. The project enables Scala to vie for tasks that previously have been the domain of Python or the Bash shell for small housekeeping or automation scripts. It also can be used for file system and system administration.
Scala was built for the Java Virtual Machine; it was also extended to JavaScript compilation via Scala.js and to the LLVM compiler via Scala Native. Ammonite takes a different twist on Scala, providing an iPython-like REPL experience and a way to run Scala script files.
Ammonite's REPL serves as a replacement for the default Scala REPL. It offers syntax-highlighted input and multiline editing. Ammonite's scripts provide a lightweight way to execute Scala code without the boilerplate and slowness of the Scala SBT build tool.
“Businesses that suffered economic losses as a result of the disaster and want to apply for low-interest loans from the SBA are urged to do so before the May 2 deadline,” said Frank Skaggs, director of SBA Field Operations Center East.
Low-interest disaster loans are available in Stewart and Sumner counties and the adjacent counties of Benton, Davidson, Henry, Houston, Macon, Montgomery, Robertson, Trousdale and Wilson in Tennessee and Allen, Calloway, Christian, Simpson and Trigg counties in Kentucky.
Working capital disaster loans up to $2 million are available at 4 percent for small businesses, and 2.625 percent for private nonprofit organizations with terms up to 30 years.
The loans are intended to pay fixed debts, payroll, accounts payable, and other expenses that could have been paid had the disaster not occurred.
To be considered for this assistance, eligible entities need to apply by the deadline.
Survivors may apply online using the Electronic Loan Application via SBA's secure website at disasterloan.sba.gov/ela.
Businesses may also obtain information and loan applications by calling the SBA's customer service center at 800-659-2955 or by emailing disastercustomerservice@sba.gov. Loan applications can also be downloaded atsba.gov/disaster.
Completed applications should be returned to the center or mailed to: U.S. Small Business Administration, Processing and Disbursement Center, 14925 Kingsport Road, Fort Worth, TX 76155.
The deadline to return economic injury applications is May 2.
From Indiana Jones to Rick from Casablanca, America's most beloved movie heroes have long shared a common enemy: Nazis. Like the real-life heroes who risked everything to defeat fascism in World War II, film heroes since the 1940s have fought those who challenge the American ideal of equality and justice for all. And while Hollywood hasn't always been on the right side of history, movies still have the power to give us hope in dark times, and to remind us that good is stronger than evil. So here are some cathartic clips of your film favorites kicking Nazi butt.
First up, Indiana Jones (Harrison Ford), who hates Nazis even more than snakes. Here's an inspired compilation (made by YouTube user subrandom) of every time a Nazi gets punched, thrown from a vehicle, or destroyed by a vengeful god in the Indiana Jones films.
Everybody has a soft spot for The Blues Brothers, right? Here's the scene where Jake (John Belushi) and Elwood (Dan Aykroyd) drive a white supremacist rally into the Chicago River.
Here's the entire Nazi high command, including Hitler, being blown up at the climax of Quentin Tarantino‘s Inglourious Basterds. (Warning: R-rated violence.)
Sure, it might have been more satisfying if he'd hit Rolf with a brown paper package full of raindrops and roses, but this GIF of The Sound of Music‘s Captain Von Trapp (Christopher Plummer) ripping up a Nazi flag never gets old.
Here's the moment in Captain America: The First Avenger when Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) gets his indestructible shield, then uses that shield to fight Nazis.
And who could forget everyone's favorite spy, James Bond (played here by Roger Moore), killing a Nazi scientist with an exploding blimp in A View to a Kill?
In conclusion, Nazis are bad and movies are good. God bless America.
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
The body of Lian Nassar, 19, who was murdered in the nightclub terror attack in Istanbul, is expected to arrive to Israel today for burial.
The transfer of her body is being executed via the Consulate in Istanbul.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — The Trump administration is making clear North Korea is a top foreign policy priority.
Vice President Mike Pence on Monday visited the Demilitarized Zone separating North and South Korea, where he delivered a warning to the north.
“The era of strategic patience is over. President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out,” Pence said.
The U.S. is demanding North Korea end its nuclear weapons program and stop launching ballistic missiles.
The vice president says the U.S. wants to achieve this through peaceful means, but all options are on the table.
“The world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan, North Korea would do well not to test his resolve,” Pence said.
On the diplomatic front, the White House is looking to China, North Korea's primary trading partner, to turn up pressure on the north.
“Either China will deal with this problem or the U.S. and our allies will,” Pence said.
North Korea says it will not be intimated.
President Trump's deputy national security adviser would not say if the U.S. had sabotaged North Korea's attempted missile launch this weekend.
Back in 2014 then-President Barack Obama ordered increased cyber and electronic strikes against the North's missile program.
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) - The Cyprus Cooperative Bank says it's looking for investors to buy up the lender either in whole or in part.
The bank said Monday it has appointed Citigroup Global Markets to look for investors as part of its strategic plan.
The deadline for expressions of interest is March 29.
The bank is 77-percent state-owned and is the leader in the amount of deposits held by Cypriots.
But it's weighed down by bad loans - more than 58 percent of the total.
That was a consequence of a 2013 banking crisis that forced Cyprus to accept a rescue deal that included a seizure of unsecured deposits in the country's two largest lenders.
Finance Minister Harris Georgiades said the move would help rebuild confidence and credibility in the bank.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis is sending the Vatican's most respected sex crimes expert to Chile to investigate a bishop accused by abuse victims of covering up for the country's most notorious pedophile priest.
The Vatican said Tuesday that Maltese Bishop Charles Scicluna would travel to Chile "to listen to those who have expressed the desire to provide elements" about the case of Bishop Juan Barros.
The Barros controversy dominated Francis' just-ended trip to Chile. While in Chile, Francis accused victims of Barros' mentor, the Rev. Fernando Karadima, of slander. The victims say Barros was aware of Karadima's abuse but stood by and did nothing. Barros denies the charges.
Francis seemed unaware that victims had placed Barros at the scene.
He staunchly stood by the bishop, telling reporters that he believed him innocent.
REDWOOD CITY, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Global 50 law firm Goodwin announced today that it has relocated its Silicon Valley office from Menlo Park to 601 Marshall Street in downtown Redwood City. The move aligns with the continued expansion of the firm's corporate and litigation practices in the Silicon Valley and the Bay Area.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005513/en/
Ribbon-cutting ceremony at Goodwin's new 601 Marshall Street office in downtown Redwood City. Left to Right: Goodwin's Chief Operating Officer Michael Caplan, Chair of the Business Law Department Mark Macenka, Redwood City Council Member Janet Borgens, Goodwin's Silicon Valley Office Chair Lynda Galligan, Chairman David Hashmall, Partner and Real Estate Counsel Alexander Randall, Chief Administrative Officer Michelle Duerr-Condia, Redwood City Council Member Shelly Masur, Goodwin's Chair of the Litigation Department Jeffrey Simes (Photo: Business Wire)
“Goodwin's Silicon Valley office has grown to more than 100 lawyers and staff since launching just over ten years ago,” said Goodwin's Chairman David Hashmall. “We have been fortunate to attract some of the brightest and most sought-after talent who represent many of today's most innovative companies. In the process, Goodwin has become a household name in the Valley. Our beautiful office in Redwood City is both a testament to what we have accomplished so far and – with its modern, centrally-located space – a fitting home for our continued growth.”
As the anchor tenant, Goodwin occupies floors six through eight of the brand new, pre-certified LEED Platinum building at 601 Marshall Street. The office spans 75,000 square feet, including a 2,700 square foot outdoor terrace.
“We have designed our space in Redwood City with Goodwin's culture of collaboration top of mind,” said Lynda Galligan, Chair of Goodwin's Silicon Valley office. “The new office is open, bright and welcoming, and it reflects perfectly who we are as a firm. Moving to downtown Redwood City also seemed like an obvious choice for us. Here, we can be more connected to the Silicon Valley community, our clients and the technology industry than ever before, as we continue to grow our key corporate and litigation practices.”
Goodwin's Silicon Valley office represents venture capital and private equity firms, entrepreneurs and companies at all stages of growth across a wide range of market sectors in the technology and life sciences industries. The office offers litigation counsel and representation for companies faced with government investigations and enforcement proceedings, securities litigation and shareholder disputes, patent litigation, trade secret litigation, as well as trademark and technology licensing disputes. The office also provides experienced white collar defense.
The firm's Silicon Valley address is as follows: 601 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063. The office's phone and fax numbers remain unchanged.
The move follows last year's relocation of Goodwin's London, Paris and Frankfurt offices to new, expanded spaces.
About Goodwin
At Goodwin, we use law to achieve unprecedented results for our clients. Our 1,000 plus lawyers across the United States, Europe, and Asia excel at complex transactions, high-stakes litigations and world-class advisory services in the financial, life sciences, private equity, real estate, and technology industries. We partner with our clients to practice law with integrity, ingenuity, agility and ambition. To learn more, visit us at www.goodwinlaw.com and follow us on Twitter at @goodwinlaw and on LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005513/en/
CONTACT: Goodwin
Konstantin Shishkin, +1-212-459-7176
kshishkin@goodwinlaw.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES LEGAL
SOURCE: Goodwin
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 12:30 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 12:30 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005513/en
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
By TOM JAMES
Associated Press
SALEM, Ore. (AP) - Oregon's emergency alert systems blasted a cryptic alert to cellphones around the capital city, panicking residents by telling them simply "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action" and leaving off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply.
Officials wanted to warn Salem-area residents Tuesday night that elevated levels of a natural toxin caused by the algae bloom had made area tap water unsafe for children and people with compromised immune systems. But that information got cut off, and a more ominous-sounding default message went out in its place, said Andrew Phelps, head of the state emergency management agency.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website.
Within hours of the first alert, residents stripped the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
In Oregon, confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with an official telling reporters the message had caught them unaware and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
And when officials directed residents to the city of Salem's municipal website for more information, the site briefly crashed under the load.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water Wednesday he was carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on his phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught him at the gym, and that he had interrupted his exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Roslyn Yarbrough arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Douglas Moss arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault trial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
By MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial was poised to begin deliberating after prosecutors on Tuesday portrayed the 80-year-old former TV star as a serial predator who drugged and molested a woman 14 years ago. The defense called Cosby's accuser a "pathological liar" who was seeking a big payday.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era pitted Cosby, the beloved comedian whose career and good-guy reputation were destroyed by a barrage of allegations involving drugs and sex, against a former Temple University women's basketball administrator who testified that he gave her pills and violated her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion.
Five other women got on the witness stand and testified the same thing had happened to them.
"The time for the defendant to escape justice is over. It's finally time for the defendant to dine on the banquet of his own consequences," prosecutor Stewart Ryan told jurors in a passionate closing argument that stretched more than three hours and was delivered by two prosecutors.
The defense urged jurors to acquit Cosby on charges he assaulted Constand, his chief accuser, saying they were based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
Cosby faces three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison. The jury at his first trial deliberated for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
Defense attorneys Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that Constand consented to sexual activity, then leveled false accusations against the "Cosby Show" star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago - a settlement that Mesereau argued was "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
"You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury," said Mesereau, who won an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case. "You are."
Cosby's wife of 54 years looked on from the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him, the first time she has attended the trial. Camille Cosby, 74, had stayed away as the prosecution built its case that her husband maintained a sordid double life, plying women with drugs and preying on them sexually.
Before the jury came in, she went to the defense table and put her arm around Cosby, who is legally blind. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and he gave her a peck on the cheek.
When it was the prosecution's turn to argue, Camille Cosby left the courtroom, and Constand entered.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called "your friends" and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too - including one woman who asked him through her tears, "You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?"
The defense ripped into the other accusers Tuesday, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to fabricate their accounts.
After last year's hung jury, the defense team also mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit.
Cosby has said he gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help her relax before what he called a consensual encounter.
Kristen Feden, another prosecutor, bristled at what she called the defense's "horrible character assassination" of Constand and the other women.
She called Cosby the true con artist - wresting that label from Cosby's lawyers, who had applied it to Constand throughout the two-week trial.
"Yes, you did hear about a con," Feden said, her voice rising as she moved toward Cosby and pointed at him. "The perpetrator of that con is this man, sitting right here."
The defense highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years. Cosby's lawyers also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
In arguing over when Cosby's encounter with Constand took place, Cosby's lawyers sought to suggest that the comedian was charged after the 12-year statute of limitations for prosecuting him had run out.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
Bliss also suggested that Constand and Cosby were having an affair, and that she was the aggressor, "cavorting around with a married man old enough to be her grandfather."
"There's no doubt that something was going on here," Bliss said. "There's no doubt there was love in the making."
Wearing sunglasses in the courtroom, Cosby's wife smirked and pursed her lips a few times but otherwise listened stoically.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An evening of fresh food, exhilarating performances, and Hawaiian culture awaits at KA WA'A L'au! Before the show begins, guests can participate in various traditional Hawaiian arts including, kapa printing, flower arranging, pai ai taro pounding, and obtaining temporary kakau tattoos. After the L'au introduction and welcome chant, guests are invited to enjoy a lavish Hawaiian feast. With a variety of culinary options including a meat carving station, fresh local seafood, decadent desserts, and kids' selections, KA WA'A L'au is teeming with cuisine the whole family will enjoy! When the L'au begins, the audience will observe breathtaking performances that bring to life the culture and legends of Hawaii. Click here for more information on the activities.Aulani, A Disney Resort and Spa92-1185 Ali'inui Dr, Kapolei, HI 96707(866) 443-4763for more information.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — One night about a year ago, Leandro Mota Generoso was sleeping on a street in downtown Rio de Janeiro when he felt something jagged strike his face.
Somebody — he didn't see the person, but believes it was a resident in the neighborhood — had slashed his nose with broken glass from a Vodka bottle. He awoke in a pool of blood.
"I can't sleep at night anymore," said Generoso, 23, who has been homeless since the grandfather who was raising him died five years ago. "To many people, we are rats, garbage or whatever thing."
"That is the reality, and now there are many more homeless in the streets," he added.
A year after Rio de Janeiro hosted the Olympic Games, a grinding economic crisis has led to an influx of thousands of homeless people, creating a climate of tension that city officials are scrambling to address.
Warm temperatures and miles of beaches have long made Brazil's most famous city a place with a large street population. But city officials say it's more than tripled in the last few years, to an estimated 15,000 people.
While many U.S. cities have experienced sharp increases in people living outdoors thanks to rising housing prices amid a recovering economy, in Rio the driving factors have been fallout from Brazil's worst recession in decades and long-standing inequalities.
Today's homeless in Rio include thousands who came from other states for work before the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Rio Olympics and subsequently lost their jobs.
"Rio de Janeiro is facing the worst possible scenario when it comes to the homeless," said Pedro Fernandes, the city's secretary of social assistance and human rights. "We have never had such a large number in the streets."
Tensions have been steadily increasing, particularly in affluent and touristy neighborhoods where residents and businesses are frustrated with the throngs of people sleeping on the streets. In August, a residential building in the iconic Copacabana neighborhood installed sprinklers below its awnings to rouse unwanted campers below. The city later forced the sprinklers to be removed.
People in several affluent neighborhoods post messages on community Facebook groups urging police to act and imploring neighbors not to feed the homeless.
In some cases, violence has erupted. Forty-year-old Fernanda Rodrigues dos Santos was fatally shot in the chest while sleeping in the street in Copacabana in October. Police say 24-year-old Rodrigo Gomes Rodrigues, a medical student who lives in the neighborhood, has confessed to the killing. Police say he and a friend argued earlier in the night with another homeless person, went to get a gun and returned looking for revenge.
"How many Fernandas are still in the streets?" said Wilham Rodrigues dos Santos, Fernanda's brother. "We can't accept that this aggression becomes normal."
Carla Beatriz Nunes Maia, from the Public Prosecutors office, has been leading visits to the homeless at night to get a sense of what they are facing. She says complaints about rough-handed tactics by police have given way to even more complaints about friction with residents in affluent neighborhoods.
"There is a repressive movement to keep people from helping the homeless," said Maia, referring to the calls on social media not to give food or money.
The city has launched an initiative to spruce up shelters and persuade more homeless people to use them. Many shun shelters because they often have strict rules and, by the city's own acknowledgement, have fallen into disrepair, with infestations of bugs and filthy bathrooms.
"You may go into a shelter healthy, but then how will you come out?" said Nancy Gouveia, a 49-year-old who has been on the streets three years.
When her marriage broke up, the former housewife with no work experience said she had nowhere to go but the street. While many people have helped her, she said she has also had water and diesel thrown on her. A man once tried to light her on fire while she slept.
"All of us on the street want to get off it. But how?" Gouveia said as she lay on a frayed cushion in front of a bank near the ocean in Copacabana.
Sitting on a chair next to Gouveia, Patricio Santos added there would be no change until the economy improves.
"We need jobs," said Santos, 34, who has been on the streets six months since losing his job as a telemarketer.
While some of the nearly 2,200 beds in shelters go empty each night, successfully persuading more homeless people to use them could create its own problems, as there are vastly more potential users than space for them. Given that reality, the city is also working to help migrants return to their home states, and in some cases even other countries.
Despite the grim situation, there are signs of hope. Though growth is tepid, Brazil officially emerged from recession earlier this year. And city officials say some businesses are donating food and clothes as well as providing jobs for some homeless.
On a recent day, hundreds of homeless showed up at a park where the city offered services ranging from free haircuts to recovering documents and help with job searches.
One of those who showed up was Generoso, who wanted more information about a shelter where he might be able to stop worrying about being attacked again.
"I want to find a place to sleep," he said. "There is only misery on the streets."
___
Peter Prengaman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/peterprengaman
Thousands of government supporters have taken to the streets of Venezuela's capital to denounce President Donald Trump's talk of a "military option" to resolve the country's political crisis.
With anti-American slogans and salsa music blaring from sound trucks the crowd of mostly state workers made its way Monday to the Miraflores presidential palace.
Several senior officials have blasted Trump's suggestion as an insolent throwback to the days of military interventions in Latin America. But President Nicolas Maduro himself has yet to comment, even as Vice President Mike Pence ratcheted up pressure on the embattled socialist in a visit Sunday to Colombia.
The opposition and several regional governments critical of Maduro have also rebuked the suggestion of deploying troops to resolve Venezuela's crisis after months of deadly unrest.
BEIJING (AP) — China's supreme court has thrown out the fraud conviction of a retail tycoon in an unusual gesture of official leniency toward entrepreneurs amid a string of high-profile detentions and prosecutions that has rattled the Chinese business world.
The Supreme People's Court ruling Thursday reversed the conviction of Zhang Wenzhong, former chairman of Wumart Stores, who served 12 years in prison on charges of improperly obtaining technology development subsidies.
A number of Chinese businesspeople have been prosecuted or detained for questioning about possible offenses including embezzlement and bribery.
On Wednesday, a lawyer for the imprisoned founder of the insurance company that owns New York City's Waldorf Hotel said he planned to appeal his 18-year sentence imposed this month on fraud charges.
BOSTON (AP) — A Massachusetts governor's race candidate is shutting down a nonprofit organization that he founded that ended up on a list of U.S.-based hate groups.
Republican Scott Lively has described his Abiding Truth Ministries as pro-family, but his opposition to gay rights has landed him and his Springfield-based ministry on the Southern Poverty Law Center's list of designated hate groups.
Lively said Wednesday he still believes society should follow the Bible as the guide to sexual morality in public policy. But he says he hopes to enlist "authentically conservative homosexuals" and political liberals in his effort to shift his emphasis "to a conservationist perspective in which the natural family is recognized as the essential eco-system of humanity."
Lively hopes to unseat Gov. Charlie Baker in the GOP primary.
Baker calls Lively's views "outrageous."
17:17 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Toddler who died after being forgotten in car: Neria Tayyar Read more Name of 2-year-old who died after being left in a hot car for hours released. Time of funeral not set. ► ◄ Last Briefs
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Don Lee Farms has sold more than a million Organic Plant-Based Burgers in less than sixty days, becoming the fastest growing product in its category. “Interest in our Organic Plant-Based Burger has just exploded,” said Donald Goodman, President, Don Lee Farms. “We are just keeping up with demand and are implementing plans to expand distribution every week.”
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005065/en/
Don Lee Farms' Breakthrough Organic Plant-Based Burger
“The fact that our Organic Plant-Based Burger is made with plants and not with science has resonated with people. No one wants to eat a burger hidden with artificial or modified ingredients if they have the choice,” said Danny Goodman, Don Lee Farms. “They want natural. They want organic. They want real.”
The Don Lee Farms' burger “bleeds” organic beet juice and sizzles on the grill from organic vegetable-based fats just like raw beef. It is the only burger in its category to qualify for the Organic Seal certified by USDA. The new burger launched to rave reviews. CookingLight Magazine proclaimed, “This burger was really delicious. I'd buy these again,” after tasting the top three leading brands.
“Having sold a million burgers this quickly has exceeded everyone's expectations,” continued Donald. “The excitement around this burger has been overwhelming. We are now expanding availability in club stores and will be introducing the burger in restaurants and other retail markets in the upcoming months.”
About Don Lee Farms
Established in California in 1982, Don Lee Farms is a family-owned food manufacturer and leading national supplier of organic and conventional food products. They are the leading national producer of organic veggie burgers. Don Lee Farms produces meat, vegetarian and plant-based foods for retail, club, foodservice and school foodservice markets. Consumer products and end items are sold at major retailers nationwide such as Costco Wholesale®, Whole Foods Markets® and Walmart® under the Don Lee Farms label, private brands and under brands of their partners. For more information, visit www.donleefarms.com and follow Don Lee Farms on Facebook and Twitter, @DonLeeFarms.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005065/en/
CONTACT: Don Lee Farms
Maria Aguilar
maria@donleefarms.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE SUPERMARKET
SOURCE: Don Lee Farms
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005065/en
(AP Photo/Chris Carlson). Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock speaks during a news conference Monday, March 19, 2018 after a pedestrian was stuck by a Uber vehicle in autonomous mode Sunday night in Tempe, Ariz. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an o...
(AP Photo/Chris Carlson). Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock speaks during a news conference Monday, March 19, 2018 after a pedestrian was stuck by a Uber vehicle in autonomous mode Sunday night in Tempe, Ariz. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an o...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber driverless car is displayed in a garage in San Francisco. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday, March 19, 2018, after what is believed to be the first fat...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this March 1, 2017 file photo, people enter the headquarters of Uber in San Francisco. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday, March 19, 2018, after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestri...
(AP Photo/Chris Carlson). A vehicle goes by the scene of Sunday's fatality where a pedestrian was stuck by an Uber vehicle in autonomous mode, in Tempe, Ariz., Monday, March 19, 2018. A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed the woman in suburban Phoe...
By JACQUES BILLEAUD and TOM KRISHER
Associated Press
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) - A fatal pedestrian crash involving a self-driving Uber SUV in a Phoenix suburb could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology as automakers and other companies race to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the first death involving a full autonomous test vehicle. The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it struck 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she was walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk in Tempe, police said.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The ride-sharing company has been testing self-driving vehicles for months as it competes with other technology companies and automakers like Ford and General Motors.
Though many in the industries had been dreading a fatal crash they knew it was inevitable.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't determined fault but urged people to use crosswalks. He told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as she stepped on to the street.
Neither she nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, he said.
"The pedestrian was outside of the crosswalk, so it was midblock," Elcock said. "And as soon as she walked into the lane of traffic, she was struck by the vehicle."
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is cooperating with investigators.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles. It may turn out that there was nothing either the vehicle or its human backup could have done to avoid the crash, he said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Self-driving vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements. Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when his car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
___
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Felicia Fonseca in Flagstaff, Arizona, contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LONDON (AP) — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theater for 11 years until 2015.
A probe has been launched after a Sunderland man and his wife were found dead in Cambodia.
The couple, who have not been officially named, are believed to have been found at a guest house in Sihanoukville on New Year's Eve.
Police in Cambodia are investigating the deaths and the Foreign Office has been informed.
The man is understood to be in his mid-30s.
The woman is understood to originally be from London and in her late-20s.
A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokeswoman said: “We are in contact with local authorities following the deaths of two British Nationals in Cambodia and are ready to support their families at this extremely difficult time.”
On a gray morning, a group of Haitian migrants chatted idly on a quiet corner in downtown Tijuana, near the U.S. border, speaking French and eating Creole and exchanging cellphone chargers to use later in a nearby Starbucks.
Among them was Rene Raphael, a 28-year-old former medical student.
Like most of the roughly 4,000 Haitians now staying in shelters in Tijuana, Raphael has spent the past few years as a nomad. First, he fled Haiti, which suffered a devastating earthquake in 2010, for Brazil, where the country's construction boom provided work. When Brazil's economy cratered last year, Raphael and his pregnant wife made a harrowing, two-continent trek north to the U.S.-Mexico border.
Their goal? Asylum.
Their hurdle? The same executive order that calls for building a big border wall.
Legal or loophole?
Little noticed in his flurry of immigration-related executive orders, President Donald Trump has pushed to change the way the United States handles asylum, a designation sought by a growing number of migrants looking to enter the U.S.
Traditionally, asylum is granted (or not) to people who fear persecution in their home country based on things like religion, nationality and politics. But over the past two years, the asylum process has changed, with thousands of migrants seeking to gain asylum by turning themselves over to immigration agents at the U.S.-Mexico border.
Last year, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which deals with asylum claims, handled 94,048 cases, nearly double the 48,042 cases the agency handled in 2015 and more than 16 times the 5,523 cases in 2009. Many of those asylum seekers end up in Southern California, including in Los Angeles and Orange County, both before and after their claims are processed.
Trump is moving to change the asylum rules. In the same executive order that calls for building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, the president also declared his intent to speed up the process for handling asylum claims and build detention centers to house those attempting to cross the southern border.
Critics say Trump's plans upend international norms, which include fair hearings for people seeking asylum. Supporters say it closes a loophole that's been abused.
While the bulk of asylum seekers arriving at the border are from Mexico and Central America, a growing number have traveled longer distances. Nearly 19,000 immigrants from outside Latin America appeared at California's border with Mexico last year – up from 5,700 in 2015 – including more than 6,000 people from Haiti, about 3,500 from India, 2,500 from China, 1,800 from Cuba, and hundreds from other countries in Asia and Africa. according to data provided by U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
Their arrival has overwhelmed American immigration officials and presented new security issues even as the Trump administration tries to beef up enforcement along the southern border.
“The challenges that we're facing now, with respect to the flow of people crossing the border, are very different from the challenges that we've faced in the past,” said David Aguilar, a former acting commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Patrol who served under presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama.
“Asylum seekers have very different needs,” he said. “The requirements for dealing with them are different, and therefore the workload is different.”
For the migrants, that workload means waiting.
Though Raphael's wife eventually gained entry to stay with relatives in Miami, Raphael remains in Tijuana, with thousands of others, in limbo.
“To tell you the truth, I don't know what I'm doing here,” Raphael said. “I don't have a future in Mexico. I have nothing. I don't have a job. I just stay alone, watching TV, buying food.”
Chaotic system
Even before Trump issued his executive orders on immigration enforcement, the flood of asylum seekers was straining resources at the border in Tijuana. The result, according to migrant lawyers and advocates, is a system rife with abuses.
“The procedures, the policies have changed almost every other week,” said Patrick Murphy, a priest who runs the Casa del Migrante Tijuana, a shelter that has housed more than 2,000 migrants from outside of Latin America since last May.
“You try to adapt, to set things up, and then boom, the policy changes again. So it's been a challenging nine months.”
At the crossing between Tijuana and San Diego, where border patrol agents are equipped to process about 100 asylum cases each day, U.S. immigration officials responded to the flood of migrants last spring by referring new arrivals to Mexican authorities, who would schedule appointments with border agents. But Mexican immigration agents were ill-equipped to handle the influx, and often turned people down – something they're forbidden to do under international law – according to migrant advocates.
A complaint filed with the Department of Homeland Security last month by immigration rights groups protests what they say has been a “systemic denial of entry to asylum seekers” at southern border crossings, including the San Ysidro port of entry near San Diego.
“The main problem here is that border patrol agents have zero authority to make determinations about the validity of asylum claims,”said Ian Philabaum of the Innovation Law Lab, which works with immigration lawyers.
“But border agents are telling people that they can't apply for asylum, that they have to go back to the Mexican authorities.”
With Trump in office, Philabaum said, migrant advocates are already seeing signs that his hardline immigration agenda is emboldening immigration officials to turn away additional asylum seekers at the border.
CBP, which oversees U.S. Border Patrol, insists that its policies on asylum have not changed.
“CBP officers are not authorized to determine or evaluate the validity of the fear expressed,” agency spokesperson Ralph DeSio said in a statement. “The applicant does not have to specifically request asylum, they simply must express fear of being returned to their country.”
He added that “we don't tolerate any kind of abuse” in the asylum system.
But it is clear that the influx in asylum seekers has strained the U.S. immigration system, stretching the resources of border patrol agents, asylum officers, immigration court judges, and detention facilities run by Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Unlike migrants caught crossing the border illegally, those who say they fear returning to their home countries are afforded an interview with immigration officials, who determine whether that fear is enough to warrant asylum in the U.S.
If a migrant's fear is deemed “credible,” his or her case then makes its way through U.S. immigration courts, a process that can take as long as three years.
In recent years, that system has become swamped.
“It is a tremendous workload increase that takes away from enforcement efforts,” said Aguilar, who now works as a principal for the Washington, D.C.-based security firm Global Security Innovation Strategies. “The whole system gets impacted.”
As asylum claims are processed, migrants are detained by border agents in detention centers run by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. But because of the overwhelming number of claims, many have been turned out on parole, a practice that critics say encourages other migrants to declare asylum.
“Right now, the system is not working efficiently because it is so overwhelmed,” Aguilar said.
“And unfortunately that creates an even greater draw for people seeking asylum and an even greater flow of people at the border.”
Cracking down
Trump has promised to crack down on what he terms “asylum fraud” as part of his broad plans to stem both illegal and legal immigration into the U.S.
His executive order calls on the Department of Homeland Security to build detention centers along the border and to relocate asylum officers and immigration judges to those facilities to speed up the processing of asylum claims.
The order also directs the agency to review its policies for granting “credible fear” interviews and asylum claims. Many believe this suggests the administration will take a narrow view of what qualifies migrants for asylum.
Proponents of stricter immigration enforcement welcome the shift.
“The order focuses a lot of attention on the broken border process, and it goes way beyond the wall,” said Dan Cadman, a policy fellow at the Center for Immigration Studies, a Washington think tank that supports restricting immigration.
“This is setting up multiple defenses to (reduce) the lure of declaring asylum at the border,” Cadman added. “It returns the asylum and refugee process back to what it was meant to be, which is a benefit of last resort.”
Some of the policies outlined in the executive order – including the construction of detention facilities and the hiring of immigration judges – will take time to implement and require funding from Congress.
Already, though, border patrol agents have seen a shift in the way the agency operates under the new administration, including how it handles those seeking asylum, said Christopher Harris, legislative and political action coordinator for the National Border Patrol Council Local 1613, the union that represents border patrol agents in San Diego.
Harris declined to provide details on any specific policy changes DHS has implemented, but said that morale among agents has increased since Trump signed the executive orders on immigration last month.
“Before, we were just letting people go,” he said. “Now, that's changing, and it's changing for the better. People have hope that the system will run the way it's meant to be run.”
Immigration advocates concur that additional resources are needed to process asylum claims at the border. But they also worry that quicker processing of asylum claims – combined with a narrower view of what qualifies migrants to gain asylum – could result in asylum seekers being denied access to due process.
“Expedited processing is good, in the sense that it makes the process more efficient. But it could also dramatically reduce the chances that an individual will actually win asylum,” said Faye Hipsman, a policy analyst and California program director at the Migration Policy Institute.
And in the absence of concrete policy changes – and additional resources for asylum officers and immigration courts – legal advocates fear that border patrol agents will take it upon themselves to interpret Trump's executive order.
“There's a lack of guidance and clarity in between policy and implementation,” of the executive orders, said Royce Murray, policy director at the American Immigration Council. “Given the combination of that ambiguity and the sentiment conveyed in the executive orders, it makes sense that the situation at the border will be more chaotic.”
“It could be a free-for-all,” he added.
In the meantime, migrants continue to arrive in Tijuana. Murphy said a group, mostly from North Africa, appeared at the Casa del Migrante last week.
“I think this is just the beginning,” he said. “I joke that they came here for the American dream, but they might have to settle for the Mexican dream.”
WASHINGTON (AP) - A woman who was formerly employed as a manager by celebrity chef Mike Isabella is suing him and his business partners, alleging sexual harassment. Isabella has denied the allegations.
Chloe Caras is seeking an unspecified amount for pain and suffering, back pay and punitive damages. Isabella, who competed on the cooking reality shows "Top Chef" and "Top Chef All-Stars," has about a dozen restaurants in the Washington area.
The lawsuit filed Monday in Superior Court in the District of Columbia says when Caras was fired in 2017 she was the director of operations for the Isabella Eatery in Virginia and the highest-ranking woman in Isabella's organization. The lawsuit says Caras was subject to unwelcome touching, sexual advances, vulgar and explicitly sexual remarks and gestures, and sexists insults and texts.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Today is day 26 of the NewsX 100 day NPA campaign and we bring to you case file number 19. Now this is a case which tests our capacity as a nation to update data, and so makes our effort so much more important and worthwhile. Today is the case of a decades-old printing press which allegedly has run up loans worth crores and is still ending up on government notices calling for bids.
Case number 19 in the NewsX NPA list is Presstech Litho Pvt Ltd. According to our list, the company owes Indian Bank Rs 11 crore which has now been classified as a Non-Performing Asset. The registered address of the company is 11/1, sunny park, 1st floor, Juthika Apartment, Kolkata. According to the data with the registrar of companies with the ministry of corporate affairs, Presstech Litho was incorporated in October 2000 with an authorized capital of Rs 1 crore 66 thousand. The company held it's last AGM in September 2008 and filed its last balance sheet in March 2008.
Today we bring to you a case where a decade-old printing press which has been running large NPAs still pops up on government notices calling for bids. This is a story that tests our capacity to update data and keep up and shows why systemic and national awareness on NPAs is needed. According to the ROC records, the directors of the company are Pratap Shankar Dawn and Suvranshu Mitra. The same names appear on the NewsX NPA list as well. The records show multiple other loans from different banks. A loan of Rs 2.5 crore, another loan of Rs 1 crore, then the 3rd loan of Rs 5 crore, a 4th loan of Rs 2 crore. The list doesn't end there, there is a 5th loan of Rs 8 crore and yet another loan of Rs 12 crore. So besides the Rs 11 crore amount on our NPA list, Presstech Litho owes banks a total of more than Rs 31 crore rupee according to the ROC.
Also Read: NPA files on NewsX: Shree Minal Oil & Agro Industries Pvt Ltd owes State Bank of India Rs 31 crore
According to the ROC records, Pratap Shankar Dawn has 4 other companies listed under him, which were incorporated between 1995 and 2009. We decided to check the ROC records for the rest of the companies as well. While 3 of them had clear accounts, the company incorporated in 1995 – Archii flexible and Packaging Pvt Ltd had an additional loan of Rs 18 crore to Bank of India. This is the only loan that didn't correspond with the previous list. When we visited the registered address, we found that the office had been locked up and sold off by the directors of the company, whose whereabouts were not known to anyone in the area.
When we dug further, we found a number of government notices calling bidders for printing contracts. From the directorate general of hydrocarbons, and the ministry of rural development to the food safety and standard authority of India. All the invitations for quotations had one name in common- Presstech Litho Pvt Ltd. The most recent notice being of the national archives of India from December 2017. Presstech Litho Pvt Ltd has been listed as an ‘a' category printer. As we followed the paper trail, we found that while Presstech's registered address is in Kolkata, the printing press operates out of Delhi. This was confirmed by this State Bank of India e-auction notice for the Presstech office in Udyog Vihar, Greater Noida.
The notice names the guarantor as Pratap Shankar Dawn, who is also mentioned on our NPA list. According to this notice, the property has been put up for auction to recover Rs 17 crore 92 lakh rupees. But the reserve price for the same property is a measly .52 lakh rupees! NewsX decided to hit the ground once again and check the printing press in Greater Noida. We found that the company had shut down 8-10 years back. A guard further told us that the property was seized by the bank and bank officials visit the property once in a while, but it hasn't been sold off yet. We've written an email to the company, but haven't received a response yet.
This is the first case where we wrote to the bank and received a response. In the email, the bank told us that while there isn't a pending loan for Press Tech under their branch, they do have a loan pending for Archii Printing and Packaging Ltd. The gaurantee for this loan has been given by Presstech Litho. Going back to the ROC records, we found that Archii Printing and Packaging Ltd is a company under Suvranshu Mitra.
Have a quick look at the ROC records for this company as well. Here's a loan of Rs 50 lakh, Rs 1 crore, Rs 2.5 crore, another loan of Rs 65 lakhs, then a loan of Rs 5 crore, then this loan of Rs 2.5 crore, another loan of Rs 8 crore, then a loan of Rs 10 crore, and a last loan of Rs 8 crore rupees. So a printing press set up in 2000 by Pratap Shankar Dawn and Suvranshu Mitra runs up large NPAs with several banks. One of the directors then sets up Archii printing and Packaging for which the original firm serves as guarantor and then runs up further large loans. The registered office of the company is sold, the printing press is closed but it appears several times on contract lists of government-run departments as an ‘a' category printer.
This is another case that exposes again how many loans are run upon such little collateral. The banks lost Rs 17 crore in one case, but the building they're hoping to sell is valued only at Rs 52 lakh and even then, almost a decade later it remains unsold. The money yet to come back to the system.
Also Read: NPA files on NewsX: Biotor Industries Ltd owes Oriental Bank of Commerce Rs 99 crore
Also Read: NPA files on NewsX: Jai Shree Krishna Steel Works Pvt Ltd owes State Bank of India Rs 53 crore
Hamas said on Sunday that 21 of its members were killed in tunnel collapses in Gaza during 2016, Kol Yisrael radio reported.
According to the terror group, seven of the 21 were killed in a tunnel in eastern Gaza City which collapsed six months ago during work to repair the damage caused to the tunnel by Israel during Operation Protective Edge in 2014.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Last month, Pllush released “Shannon,” the first woozy single from their upcoming debut album Stranger To The Pain, which is set for release on June 8. The Bay-area dream-pop four pieces is sharing “Ortega” today, a new track that's equally invigorating and kaleidoscopic, with a subject matter that's as dizzying as the song sounds: the endearing sloppiness of growing up.
If there's anything that the budding band's two singles so far have proven, it's that they're seasoned connoisseurs of intricately curating a mood and launching the listener into a wistful daze. Each verse of “Ortega” pulses and strains as singer Eva Treadway lists off situations that have sent every young adult into a panic at one point or another: losing a job, crying in the bathroom at a party that went wrong. And then the chorus hits, and it sweeps swiftly into a fluttering, freeing, hopeful ascent: “But it's a true word under a harsh light / And it's a new world clenching my hands tight.”
About the song, Treadway told The Fader:
“‘Ortega' is about being 19 years old. It's about meeting a lot of friends who changed my life and this weird where you are kind of on the edge of adulthood and everything is really beautiful and scary. It's about building connections with people and getting drunk in parking lots and trying to figure out how to be an adult.”
Stranger To The Pain is out 6/8 via Father/Daughter Records. Pre-order it here.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
STONY POINT, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – There's an unusual petition circulating in Rockland County.
Students are gathering signatures to lessen their homework load. They say they have too much, and some educators say they might be right.
As CBS2's Hazel Sanchez reported, 11-year-old Niko Keeley and 10-year-old Christopher Deleon – classmates at Farley Elementary School in Stony Point — have typical fifth grade opinions.
“I hate homework. It stresses me out,” said Keeley.
But their approach to handling the stress was far from typical.
“He was like, ‘Chris, so I have an idea, I want no homework.' And I was like, ‘OK, that sounds pretty good. I think everyone would agree on that,'” Deleon said.
“First thing I think — no homework, paper, signatures,” added Keeley.
The pair started a petition to ban homework, collecting more than 150 signatures from students who felt they had too much and often didn't have the guidance they needed at home.
“Some people, their parents aren't home to help them with their homework,” Keeley said.
Deleon's mom, while proud of his initiative, had mixed emotions about the boys' mission. She's a teacher at their school.
“I was a little nervous, like ‘but I'm a teacher here, you're supposed to be doing homework,' that was the thought,” she said.
More: Patchogue Schools Experiment With Expanded Recess, Less Homework
The petition landed on the desk of North Rockland County's Assistant School Superintendent Kris Felicello, prompting administrators to review homework policies across the district.
“It's not about banning homework. It's about looking at it differently and how are we going to do it better,” he said.
Peggy Macnamara, from Bank Street Graduate School of Education, told Sanchez no homework can be detrimental.
“They lose sort of an independence of themselves, of what they can do on their own,” she said.
She said there is such a thing as too much homework, recommending fifth graders get about 30 minutes of meaningful work – not busy work.
“If I'm giving you homework where you're not learning anything from that homework, that's not helpful homework,” she said.
In the meantime, Keeley and Deleon are thrilled about the conversation they've started.
“It makes me feel powerful and important,” Deleon said.
The homework policies and recommendations inspired by their petition still need some fine-tuning but are expected to be implemented in the fall of 2019.
After receiving lukewarm reviews about his first individual workout with the Lakers, former UCLA guard Lonzo Ball will meet with team representatives again on Friday at an undisclosed location.
It is not clear what Ball's second meeting will entail. But with some Lakers observers questioning Ball's conditioning in his first workout, it is likely he will try to show improvement in that area. Nonetheless, the Lakers have stressed the positives or negatives of any workout will not solely influence who they select with their No. 2 draft pick on June 22.
The Lakers also plan to hold a workout for six more players on Friday at their practice facility in El Segundo. The team has not announced who those players are, or if there will be media availability for any of the candidates after their workouts.
The Lakers are scheduled to hold an individual workout on Thursday with former Washington guard Markelle Fultz, who most NBA mock drafts project will go No. 1 to the Boston Celtics. The Lakers also had workouts this week with former Kentucky guard De'Aaron Fox and former Kansas guard/forward Josh Jackson.
As the new University at Buffalo Medical School nears completion in downtown Buffalo, one of the related projects is becoming more obvious. That is the tunnel which will eventually run through the building, connecting Allentown and the Fruit Belt.
WBFO's Mike Desmond reports
Looking down Allen Street, you see where the rehabbed Allen-Medical Campus Metro Rail Station temporary pathway is and a large doorway with the East Side visible on the other side. That is to be the new Allen Street Connector, making it easy to travel either way and offering better access to the Metro Rail station.
While originally considered a street extension, the project being given its final design now will be for bikes and pedestrians only. Part of the goal is to make it easier to use that station and not try to find a parking space.
It is all part of a rehab of Allen Street, which may eventually cost $9 million. Common Council President Darius Pridgen said it will link neighborhoods.
"We don't want the medical campus to be an island to itself. It needs to be accessible from both sides of Main Street," Pridgen said. "Obviously, it's on the East Side of Main Street. It needs to be accessible. People need to be able to walk and we need to to be able to get people out and into the businesses, into the restaurants that are around it. It just makes sense, especially with the train station being there. This is just a make sense project."
Final design may be completed at the end of the year, with construction going to bid early next year. Medical Campus Director of Construction and Infrastructure Mark McGovern said this is just the first phase of a much larger project, much of it by the city.
"From North Oak to Washington Street and then it'll move westward from Main Street to I believe about Franklin Street in the first phase of funding," McGovern said. "They're doing the design all the way from Main Street to Wadsworth. They're doing the complete design in one package. The city's trying to come up with some extra money to redo Allen Street the full Main Street to Wadsworth."
The first phase will probably cost around $7.5 million. The length of Allen Street will get a lot of work, especially the sections nearest to Main where the sidewalks and curbs are tired and worn.
A variety of agencies and groups see the connector as important in making it easier for people to move on and off the Medical Campus, to get to the food and retail opportunities along Allen and to improve access to the rehabbed Allen-Medical Campus Metro Rail station.
Kinja Roundup · Kinja!
Jalopnik Here's Your 2017 Guide To Cop Car Headlights So You Know When To Slow Down | Kotaku Console Repairmen Explain Why…
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Jordan Montgomery took a shutout into the seventh inning for his first major league win, Matt Holliday homered in his return to the lineup and the New York Yankees romped to their eighth consecutive victory by beating the Chicago White Sox 7-4 on Monday night.
Holliday put the Yankees ahead with a titanic three-run shot in a five-run third inning, and Aaron Judge added a two-run homer that chased Derek Holland (1-2) with the score 7-0 in the fifth. New York has rebounded from a 1-4 start with its longest winning streak since a 10-game run in June 2012.
Making his second career start, Montgomery (1-0) immediately found himself in a first-inning jam. But the 24-year-old lefty calmly pitched his way out of it by retiring cleanup hitter Jose Abreu and streaking Avisail Garcia with runners at second and third.
Garcia began the night leading the majors with a .465 batting average.
The 6-foot-6 Montgomery scattered four hits over the first six innings, but never got another out. He gave up consecutive singles to start the seventh and then a three-run homer to Yolmer Sanchez that ended the pitcher's night.
Montgomery jogged off the mound to cheers, and Adam Warren took over. Warren worked into the ninth before Chicago cut it to 7-4 on Kevan Smith's run-scoring double of the wall in right-center.
Aroldis Chapman came on and gave up a single that put runners at the corners, but the closer got Tyler Saladino to ground into a game-ending double play for his fourth save — the fourth double play turned by the Yankees.
Warren retired 22 straight batters to begin the season before issuing a two-out walk to Saladino in the seventh.
Starlin Castro had three hits for New York, and Judge drove in three runs. Castro and Chase Headley hit successive doubles after Holliday's homer into the bleachers beyond the left-center bullpen, estimated at 459 feet. The veteran slugger missed the previous two games with lower back stiffness.
Judge added a run-scoring infield single to complete the third-inning outburst for New York, which has won its first seven home games for the first time since 1998.
Holland was tagged for seven runs — six earned — and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings while falling to 1-7 against the Yankees.
Chicago, which had won four of five, dropped to 7-21 at the current Yankee Stadium.
BIRD ON THE BENCH
Despite breaking out of his slump Sunday night with a huge game at the plate, Yankees 1B Greg Bird was left on the bench in favor of Chris Carter. Still, manager Joe Girardi insisted the team views Bird as an everyday player. "Holland's really tough on left-handers," Girardi explained. "So we got as many righties as we could today." LF Brett Gardner also was rested as Girardi stacked his lineup with eight right-handed hitters underneath leadoff man Jacoby Ellsbury. Bird struck out as a pinch hitter in the eighth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: 3B Todd Frazier sat out his second consecutive game because of an illness manager Rick Renteria described as a "flu-like stomach irritation." Renteria said Frazier was feeling better, though, and finally able to keep food down. Frazier has had a hard time shaking the bug, which caused him to miss two games last week. He returned Saturday but left that game early with recurring symptoms. ... Bench coach Joe McEwing, known for his boundless enthusiasm, went to the mound to remove Holland in an animated pitching change. McEwing took on the task because Renteria was hobbled by knee inflammation.
Yankees: SS Didi Gregorius (right shoulder strain) could play in a simulated game in the next few days. He is expected to begin a minor league rehab assignment soon.
ON THE MOVE
New York traded Triple-A pitcher Johnny Barbato to the Pittsburgh Pirates for $150,000 or a player to be named. The right-hander made 13 major league relief appearances last year.
UP NEXT
RHP Luis Severino (1-0) looks to extend New York's winning streak Tuesday night when he faces RHP Miguel Gonzalez (1-0) in the second game of the series. The 23-year-old Severino set a career high with 11 strikeouts last time out against Tampa Bay, ending a string of 13 winless starts that dated to a victory over the White Sox in September 2015.
———
More AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A leading business organisation in Australia warned on Tuesday that the iconic tourism and entertainment precinct, the Sydney Opera House, is at threat of terrorist attack, a media report said.
The warning came after a multitude of vehicles were spotted driving up the pedestrian strip toward the world-famous landmark, Xinhua news agency reported.
Many were concerned about the potential of an attack similar to those seen in London, Nice and elsewhere around the globe if security was not improved.
Speaking to the local media, Patricia Forsythe, executive director at the Sydney Business Chamber said the lack of oversight at the iconic complex was concerning.
She said that a new agency was required to ensure the safety of all those who use the precinct.
“It is timely that these agencies develop a complete approach to the future development of Circular Quay, which would include security,” Forsythe said.
A resident, who did not wish to be named, spoke of an incident that occurred earlier in the year that saw a work van appear out of nowhere and drive down the pedestrian promenade.
“All of a sudden there's a van coming behind us and there were people everywhere,” the resident said.
“They drove the entire length of the promenade … it was scary.”
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — New Jersey's new Democratic governor ordered the state to rejoin a regional environmental pact on Monday, reversing a decision by former Republican Gov. Chris Christie.
Gov. Phil Murphy signed an executive order to put New Jersey back in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. It mandates that the state Department of Environmental Protection and the Board of Public Utilities begin negotiations with the initiative's nine current member states to determine how the New Jersey should re-enter.
The RGGI is a cap-and-trade program of nine New England and mid-Atlantic states whose aim is to reduce carbon emissions from power plants. The money it raises is distributed to participating states to finance clean energy programs.
Christie had announced in 2011 that the state would leave the initiative, saying the pact didn't effectively reduce greenhouse emissions and amounted to a tax on utility customers.
Murphy said Christie's decision led New Jersey to fall behind on the critical goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions and mitigating the impacts of global climate change. By withdrawing from RGGI, Murphy said New Jersey has foregone an estimated $279 million in revenue that could have been realized by participating in the pact's carbon budget trading program.
"New Jersey has not been a partner to our neighbor states in advancing the goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions since pulling out of RGGI," Murphy said. "Pulling out of RGGI slowed down progress on lowering emissions and has cost New Jerseyans millions of dollars that could have been used to increase energy efficiency and improve air quality in our communities. With this executive order, New Jersey takes the first step toward restoring our place as a leader in the green economy."
What's worse: Having your internet go down, or taking a day off work to wait for a technician?Peninsula contractor Matt Schmeeckle says he endured the aggravation of both when his internet suddenly disconnected, and Comcast said it would take a week to get a technician out to fix it."I was obviously very disappointed,'' Schmeekle said. "To go a week without internet when you run a business from home, it's nearly impossible."But he says he had no choice. He says he waited a whole week for the technician, doing business out of a Starbucks and his dad's house where he could get internet access. And when the appointment day arrived, he cleared his calendar."And I'm there, waiting for this person, canceled all appointments, no work, no projects and at the end of the day, they never show up. I'm like hey where's the Comcast guy?"He says he called Comcast to find out what happened.The guy on the phone starts looking it up and then he's like, 'oh, we screwed up.'"Schmeeckle asked when the technician would get there. "I'm like in a day, two days? He's like no it'll be another week. They wanted to send someone a week from that time."He asked to talk to a supervisor."I mean, I've already been a week without internet. 'How do I know you're going to show up a week from now?"Schmeeckle said it wasn't fair that he was paying for internet that didn't work, and would be without it for two weeks.Comcast pointed out he was under contract. Canceling would incur a $200 early termination fee."They said, 'you're under contract, you can't cancel' and I said, 'you're not providing my service.' And they said you, 'have to give us an opportunity to fix it.' I said I gave you the opportunity."Schmeeckle did cancel, and thought the whole thing was over -- until six months later."All of a sudden I get a credit alert -- you have a collections notice."Comcast had charged an early termination fee and sent it to collections. He asked Comcast to take it off his credit report."They said, 'nope you wouldn't let a technician come out.'"He contacted ABC7, and the 7 On Your Side team contacted Comcast. They said there had been confusion over when that technician was actually scheduled. However, the company waived the cancellation fee and took the collections action off his credit report."Comcast is on a mission to reinvent how we interact with customers and deliver exceptional service. In cases where that does not happen for any reason, we strive to work with our customers to correct the situation promptly and resolve issues to the customer's complete satisfaction. We have earnestly sought to do that in this particular case. It was our understanding that we took the necessary steps to respond to and fully resolve the concerns that were raised," the company told ABC7.And it did. Comcast came back out, reconnected his internet, and Schmeeckle is back in business."You guys got it done and I'm happy,'' he said.
By Brett Herring
As the director of Amarillo College's associate degree nursing program prepares to retire, the program will be honored by the Texas Board of Nursing.
AC's nursing department has received several commendations over the years, but this is the third time in a row it will be recognized by the state board.
The benchmark for registered nurse licensure pass rates is 80 percent or above each year and AC's licensure pass rates have been over 90 percent.
“Around 70% of RN's in the area are Amarillo College graduates. They start out with a dream of being a nurse, of bettering the lives of their families and those that they care for as a Nurse,” Lyndi Shadbolt, the director of the ADN program, said.
Shadbolt noted that her students receive hands-on training and preparation to enter the workforce.
AC's nursing department has been ranked 10th largest associate degree nursing program in Texas according to the Texas Board of Nursing's report.
While in the program, students have the privilege of getting help to guide them along the way as they become professionals. Community colleges have the unique opportunity of truly contributing to the community with the school's program graduates.
“I'm heading into my last semester of this degree, and it's been an honor to learn from such an amazing group of people and be able to be a part of this outstanding program,” Megan Smith, a nursing major said. “The feeling of knowing I was enrolled in one of the best programs in Texas is the topping of the cake.”
“As I retire next semester, I know that this great legacy of nursing education at Amarillo College will continue. We provide a strong foundational education that serves our graduates and our community,” Shadbolt, the director of the ADN program, said.
The recognition the nursing program received from the Texas Board of Nursing is something to be proud of, Shadbolt said. The announcement will be made at the Texas Board of Nursing meeting in Austin this January.
Social etiquette once stated no phones at the dinner table, now we're documenting every meal.
Bedtime was once for sleeping, now we're wide awake with the glare of our smart-phone screens. Brits are in a serious, long term relationship with technology.
Award-winning digital entrepreneur and founder and owner of digital detox specialists Its Time To Log Off, Tanya Goodin.
UK adults spend an average of 21.6 hours online each week (not including work), according to the annual Ofcom Media Attitudes Report 2016. Nearly nine in ten (87 per cent) of all UK adults said they use the internet (on any device) either at home or elsewhere, seven in 10 own and use a smartphone and a staggering 99 per cent of adults has taken at least once selfie (unofficial report). Evidently we're a screen addicted nation.
Our dependency on the internet, social media and technology is so great that a number of studies have seen a direct link to usage and an increase in anxiety and depression. Intense social media and internet use is distorting every day reality and ironically disconnecting us from the real world.
We spoke with award-winning digital entrepreneur and founder and owner of digital detox specialists It's Time To Log Off, Tanya Goodin, to find out how we can reconnect with the real world.
“Our use of technology has gotten completely unbalanced and we are now spending more time online than offline,” Tanya explains. “The evidence is mounting up through studies and research that this is bad for our focus, concentration, sleep and overall mental health.”
Internet and social media addiction disorder is a relatively new phenomenon but isn't one completely unheard of. In fact this new addiction is such a global problem that the Japanese ministry of education introduced internet ‘fasting camps' for more than half a million screen addicted children. It's not just children glued to their phones though.
“Adults now spend more than eight hours a day on screens, and check their smartphones more than 150 times a day. But you don't really don't need statistics to show you how bad it is, just walk down any street, look round any restaurant, everyone is on their phones – all the time!”
Pressing the power off button might not be the easiest thing to do but the instant benefits of logging off will be immense.
A digital detox will increase productivity, improve real-life human relationships, help posture and most importantly boost mental health. Technology is so entwined in our lives how can we log off without feeling left out?
“Set boundaries around time and boundaries around place to help you log off occasionally. Technology is a wonderful thing but our always-on 24:7 digital lifestyle is what's causing the problem,” advises Tanya.
“Boundaries around time could be ‘no work email after 8pm at night' and boundaries around place could be ‘no phones in the bedroom' or ‘no phones at the meal table'.”
To find out about It's Time To Log Off, visit www.itstimetologoff.com.
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
By ELLIOT SPAGAT and EMILY SCHMALL
Associated Press
LOS FRESNOS, Texas (AP) - Gabriel Canas, a bus driver from El Salvador who fled his homeland after members of MS-13 stormed his bus, did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances.
He hadn't spoken to his 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier. And in that time, he had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another.
"The day I had my interview, I wasn't well because they'd taken my daughter away. I was worried sick. I didn't know where she was. I hadn't spoken to her," Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas, where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration's "zero tolerance" policy await their fate.
His case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations: Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children. The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families cannot return home safely.
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to his child. The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order. On Monday, an immigration judge upheld it.
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum. But Canas blames his poor interview and plans to seek another one.
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite, putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service.
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each, according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin. Getting an answer can take a week.
To clear the initial hurdle, asylum seekers must demonstrate a "significant possibility" that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race, religion, nationality, membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home.
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest. Attorneys say many asylum seekers, usually speaking through translators, fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases.
The risks of the interviews don't trouble immigration hard-liners. Many of them see the asylum process as a joke, saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S. When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process, hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script.
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel, including Canas.
"The first thing he said to the asylum officer was: Do you know where my daughter is?" said Sepulveda, who found the girl in Arizona after she was transferred there from Chicago.
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20, border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution. But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated. A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days, or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old.
Many of the parents have already been interviewed. Goodwin, who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers, estimates that her attorneys had counseled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June. Most of them - about 150 - had already been through initial interviews.
Among those parents, more than half had talked to their children by phone. But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was.
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January, according to the latest published statistics. That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum.
In Canas' case, the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions.
"It's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate," Judge Morris Onyewuchi said. "But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion, gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum."
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and, if not, the interview is rescheduled.
"All applicants are asked about their health, to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer. Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have," the agency said in a statement.
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defense sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counseling parents before their initial screening.
"We are talking to people who are distraught because they don't know where their children are and they're facing a complex, potentially life-or-death interview," said Wendy Young, president of the group. "To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you're so focused on the safety of your child, I can't imagine what that feels like."
Canas, who was separated from his daughter at the Texas border, hopes to be reunited with her and to join his legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. His chances are poor, Sepulveda said, but he will seek a fresh asylum review.
"The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter's life," he said. "That's all."
___
See AP's complete coverage of the debate over the Trump administration's policy of family separation at the border: https://apnews.com/tag/Immigration
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An excerpt from the 2018 afterword to "This Fight Is Our Fight" by Elizabeth Warren, published with permission.
On a Tuesday evening in February 2017, I stood up on the floor of the U.S. Senate and launched into a review of the record of President Donald Trump's nominee for Attorney General, Senator Jeff Sessions. Part way into my speech, I started reading a letter written by Coretta Scott King. Mrs. King's letter was sharp and eloquent.
She began with a description of how, as Alabama's U.S. Attorney, Jeff Sessions had “used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.” She described his “hostility to the enforcement of those laws” that protect the right to vote. She gave voice to the fears of elderly black men and women who had been subjected to intimidation and threats. And the events she described hadn't happened a hundred years ago during Reconstruction—they had occurred in the 1980s.
I was still only a little ways into Mrs. King's letter when I heard three loud bangs.
Startled, I stopped reading and looked up. Senator Steve Daines of Montana had just slammed down the Presiding Officer's gavel.
Reading from a sheet of paper, Senator Daines said, “The Senator is reminded that it is a violation of Rule XIX of the Standing Rules of the Senate to impute to another Senator or Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator.”
Soon Mitch McConnell, the Senate Majority Leader, hustled into the chamber and objected when I tried to continue my speech. Senator Daines mustered his full authority as Presiding Officer and commanded, “The Senator will take her seat.”
I was stunned, but I was also determined that this would not happen, so I appealed the ruling of the Presiding Officer. This meant that every senator would have to come back to the chamber and vote—on the record—about whether to shut me up or to let me finish reading Mrs. King's letter.
While senators were gathering for a vote, I went into the hallway outside the Senate chamber. A Republican senator approached me and said the Majority Leader was willing to accept my public apology and, if I seemed sincere, he would drop the censure charge and I would be allowed to remain on the floor. I couldn't read Coretta Scott King's letter, of course, but by apologizing I would get out of trouble.
No, I said.
What? the senator asked.
No, I said again. In fact, hell no.
The senator was obviously shocked. It was clear that Mitch was angry. “This isn't good for you. This isn't who you want to be.”
Sorry, I said, but this is who I am. I will not apologize for reading Mrs. King's letter. And I will not sit down and shut up.
Before long the entire Senate voted on whether I would be forced to sit down and shut up. Just before the vote, Senator McConnell stood up to address the Senate and explained the issue this way:
Senator Warren was giving a lengthy speech. She had appeared to violate the rule. She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted.
Ultimately, every Republican voted to shut me up.
I was instructed to leave the floor of the Senate and told that I would not be permitted to speak again until after the vote on the Sessions nomination had been completed.
Now I was spitting mad. I walked straight out of the chamber, talked to my staff, and decided to read Mrs. King's letter and live-stream a video of it. The lighting wasn't great. The sound was a little hollow. But we made a video right then and there and put it out on social media. Last time I checked, nearly 13 million people had watched this video, and millions more had viewed Coretta Scott King's words online.
***
When I look back, I think of it this way: That night in February wasn't about me. First, it was about Coretta Scott King and her eloquent testimony describing the enduring legacy of racism and hate in America. And as so many events subsequently proved, she was right.
But that night in February was about something else as well. It was about every woman who has ever been told to sit down and shut up—and who is damn tired of it.
Nevertheless, she persisted. In the weeks and months that followed, women everywhere raised their voices and claimed Mitch McConnell's words as their own. Those words turned up on T-shirts and pink hats. Coffee mugs and tote bags. Decorations for mortar boards at graduation and the title of a new children's book. Women (and friends of women) had found another rallying cry.
And here's some more hopeful news. Ever since Donald Trump's election, people all over the country have been volunteering, organizing, and digging in for a long fight against the Republican effort to tear our democracy apart.
People all across the country have stepped up and said, Count me in. In the space of a few months, long-standing organizations like Planned Parenthood and Sierra Club have welcomed hundreds of thousands of new members. New organizations have sprung up, meeting in living rooms and church basements from Alaska to Florida. Online organizations have formed, grown, divided, re-formed, and grown some more. People have pitched in $10 here and $20 there and signed up to knock on doors and hold signs, putting some momentum behind candidates for office, both those already in the fight and those ready to jump in and run for office for the first time. Neighbors and strangers have been welcomed as people have come together with a common goal to make democracy work again.
In the spring and summer of 2017, I held more than a dozen town halls back home in Massachusetts. People stood in long lines, giving up beautiful afternoons and lovely evenings they might have spent out having fun somewhere else. They crowded into high school and college auditoriums, filling them to capacity and spilling over to cafeterias, classrooms and sometimes even parking lots outside. At every event, I got the same question: What more can I do?
I held one of these town halls at a high school in Concord, Massachusetts. When I jumped up on the stage that evening the energy in the room was awesome. Fifteen hundred people had shown up, and they were ready to make change. Before I started speaking, I paused to look out at the crowd, and I felt a deep thrill. I saw it: here, right here, was democracy at work.
The questions were smart and thoughtful and sometimes funny. People asked about free speech, transgender people who serve in the military, and how to build an economy that works for everyone. But the question asked more than any other was a variation on “How can I make my voice heard in Washington?”
I pushed and pulled, both on stage and afterwards, giving my best advice, urging everyone to speak out, and to keep speaking out again and again.
Long after the town hall was over and the crowd had thinned out, a young man and woman came up for a picture. They laughed and talked about how glad they were to be there on that beautiful Friday night. They said they were both committed to the fight. Then the woman paused, glanced down and said quietly, “Here's what I gave myself for my birthday.”
She held up her right arm. On the inside of her wrist in a neat script was a tattoo: Nevertheless, she persisted.
And that's what we will do. We will persist. We will persist, resist and fight every day for the astonishing gift we've inherited from the generations of Americans who came before us: our democracy.
TORONTO (AP) — Curtis Granderson hit a walk-off homer in the 10th inning to give the Toronto Blue Jays a 4-3 win over Boston on Tuesday night and hand the Red Sox their season-worst third straight defeat.
Boston (17-5) still owns the best record in the majors.
Granderon's his third home run of the season came off Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel (0-1), a towering solo blast off the facing of the third deck in right field. He went 3 for 5 with three RBIs.
Tyler Clippard (3-0) worked a scoreless 10th for the win.
Blue Jays closer Roberto Osuna was handed a 3-1 lead in the ninth but allowed the Red Sox to tie it, his first blown save in seven chances.
Hanley Ramirez singled to begin the ninth, went to third on a one-out hit by Rafael Devers and scored on Eduardo Nunez's single to right. It was the first run off Osuna this season.
Jackie Bradley Jr. struck out and Nunez stole second before Christian Vazquez walked to load the bases for Brock Holt, who scored Devers with an RBI single to left. Left fielder Granderson threw out Nunez at the plate to prevent Boston from taking the lead.
Blue Jays left-hander J.A. Happ struck out a season-high 10 over seven innings. Happ walked none and allowed four hits and one run in his longest outing of the season.
Boston's Rick Porcello allowed three runs and three hits in seven innings. Porcello walked three, two more than he'd walked in his previous four starts combined, and struck out a season-high nine, including five straight in the third and fourth.
Porcello extended his scoreless innings streak to 14 by pitching around a one-out walk in the first but couldn't escape the second. The Blue Jays put runners at the corners with none out before Kevin Pillar opened the scoring with a fielder's choice grounder, with Steve Pearce coming home ahead of the throw by third baseman Devers.
Three batters later, Granderson hit a two-run single that bounced off Devers' glove and rolled into shallow left field.
Red Sox designated hitter J.D. Martinez went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts and is 0 for 11 with eight strikeouts over his past three games.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: SS Xander Bogaerts (left ankle) went 2 for 3 with an RBI in a six-inning stint with Triple-A Pawtucket, and remains on track to rejoin the Red Sox on Friday.
Blue Jays: 3B Josh Donaldson (right shoulder) could begin a minor league rehab assignment later this week, manager John Gibbons said. Donaldson has been working out at Toronto's minor league facility in Dunedin, Florida.
SOMBER TRIBUTE
Before the game, the Blue Jays honored the victims of Monday's deadly van attack in Toronto and the first responders who rushed to the scene. Players from both teams stood in front of the dugouts as four Toronto police officers and two paramedics stood between second base and the pitcher's mound and were introduced to cheering fans. Following a video message and a moment of silence, a group of high school students sang the national anthems.
Blue Jays pitcher Marco Estrada greeted the first responders as they left the field
A blue banner reading "#TORONTOSTRONG" was hung from the second deck in center field, and similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate. The same message was also printed in white on the back of the mound.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (2-0, 3.45) is 1-3 with a 5.67 ERA in eight career games against Toronto.
Blue Jays: RHP Aaron Sanchez (1-2, 3.86) will face his fourth AL East opponent in five starts when he takes the mound Wednesday. Sanchez has faced New York twice and Baltimore once.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Kellyanne Conway, President Trump's counselor, struggled Tuesday to defend her assertion that former national security adviser Michael Flynn enjoyed “the full confidence of the president” just hours before Flynn offered his resignation.
On NBC's “Today” show, Conway was grilled by host Matt Lauer, who asked her if she was out of the loop inside the White House.
“No, not at all,” Conway said. “Both were true.”
[ Timeline: The rise and fall of Michael Flynn ]
In an appearance on MSNBC Monday afternoon, Conway had suggested that Flynn had Trump's full backing despite a growing firestorm over Flynn's conversations with Russia's ambassador to the United States.
The Washington Post reported Monday night that Flynn had discussed American sanctions against Russia in the wake of Kremlin interference in the 2016 presidential election, which may have violated the law. According to multiple reports, Flynn initially told Vice President Mike Pence and other White House officials that he had not discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador, then later claimed he did not recall the discussion.
Shortly after Conway's “full confidence” remark, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that Trump was evaluating Flynn's role.
Hours later, Flynn resigned as national security adviser.
“By night's end, Mike Flynn had decided it was best to resign,” Conway said on the “Today” show. “He knew he had become a lightning rod, and he made that decision.”
Lauer challenged Conway's timeline of events.
“Had he not resigned, the president would have continued with him as national security adviser even though he misled the vice president and the administration?” Lauer asked.
“That is what became unsustainable, actually,” Conway replied. “I think misleading the vice president really was the key here.”
“You're saying that was the straw that broke the camel's back,” Lauer said. “But the White House knew about that last month.”
According to the Post, the Justice Department warned the White House in January that Flynn had misrepresented his discussions with the Russian ambassador — and that Flynn was vulnerable to future blackmailing by the Kremlin.
Conway pointed out that Flynn continued in his role as national security adviser, participating in the daily briefings and sitting in on Trump's meetings with world leaders.
“As time wore on, the situation became unsustainable,” Conway said.
“Kellyanne, that makes no sense,” Lauer shot back.
On ABC's “Good Morning America,” Conway was asked again about the Justice Department's warning that Flynn's calls with the Russian ambassador put him at risk for blackmail.
“I can't reveal what the White House knew or didn't know,” Conway replied. “And who in the White House did or didn't know.”
For his part, Trump tweeted Tuesday that the “real story” was all the leaks coming from his administration.
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 14, 2017
More from Yahoo News:
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Here is the full text of Prime Minister Theresa May's statement from Downing Street announcing that a General Election is to be held on June 8:
"I have just chaired a meeting of the Cabinet, where we agreed that the Government should call a general election, to be held on June 8.
"I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
"Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that.
"Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
"We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result."
"Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back. And as we look to the future, the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe.
"We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
"That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
"This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
"At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division.
"The country is coming together, but Westminster is not."
Getty Image
Charles Barkley has been known to comment on politics in the past. He's always been interested in things outside of the realm of basketball, but there aren't many people in hoops media who enjoy discussing politics more than Barkley. Additionally, he does not identify as a Republican or as a Democrat, and has supported candidates from both parties in the past.
He has mentioned an interest in running for office in his home state of Alabama, and now he is using his influence to try and get a politician from his home state elected. Alabamans are heading to the polls on Tuesday for a special election to fill a vacant United States Senate seat, which will go to either Republican Roy Moore or Democrat Doug Jones.
Barkley is hitting the campaign trail with Jones with the hopes of getting the Democratic Party's nominee elected. He discussed his decision to support Jones, and cited Moore's history of alleged sexual misconduct with minors.
Competing players have hailed the success of the recently-held Japan All-Star Softball Series as the sport prepares for its Olympic return at Tokyo 2020.
The event attracted approximately 40,000 fans to the Tokyo Dome, the Shellcom Sendai and the Fukushima Azuma Stadium - with the latter one of the venues in which baseball and softball will be played at the Games in Japan's capital.
Hosts Japan completed a three-game sweep over world number one-ranked United States in the women's event sanctioned by the World Baseball Softball Confederation (WBSC).
"This has been a great warm-up for our sport's Olympic comeback in 2020, with top quality competition and great fans throughout the All-Star Series," Japan captain Eri Yamada, an Olympic gold medallist at Beijing 2008, said.
"Every athlete dreams of playing at the Olympic Games in front of a home crowd.
"I am sure that Olympic baseball and softball will be among the highlights of Tokyo 2020."
Japan took the first game of the All-Star Softball Series, defeating the US 4-0 in front of more than 15,000 fans at the iconic Tokyo Dome.
Their three-run first inning was key, with Beijing 2008 Olympic gold medal-winning pitcher Yukiko Ueno sealing the win in four innings of work.
Game two was tied at 1-1 until the home nation scored four times in the fifth inning to claim a 6-3 win at Shellcom Sendai.
Japan completed the sweep over the US with a 2-0 win at Fukushima Azuma Stadium.
Yamada hit a two-run home run to support Ueno's pitching performance.
"The team and I always look forward to the opportunity to play here in Japan," Amanda Chidester, a member of the US team, said.
"There is always a large fan base that is extremely passionate, which makes it that much more exciting for the Olympics to be played here in 2020.
"Match-ups like this and the support we have from all ages show what both baseball and softball have to offer the Olympic Games, and Japan is the perfect place to kick-start softball's return to the Olympic platform."
The Japan Softball Association signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the French Baseball and Softball Federation prior to the All-Star Softball Series ©WBSC
The French women's national softball team were observers throughout the Japan All-Star Softball Series, along with representatives of the French Baseball and Softball Federation (FFBS).
The day before the opening match, the Japan Softball Association and FFBS signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) aimed at supporting the growth of softball at every level in France and, ultimately, securing softball's place at the Paris 2024 Olympic Games.
"This was an exciting opportunity to come to a heartland of softball and train with some of the world's best players," Eloise Tribolet, a member of France's team, said.
"The experience will help the French national softball team take the next step in our development.
"The Olympic Games returns to France in the FFBS's centenary year, 2024.
"Playing at the Games in front of a home crowd would be an incredible way to celebrate the 100th anniversary of French baseball and softball."
As a first concrete output from the MoU during their stay in Japan, the French women's national softball team had the opportunity to train with some of the world's best talents.
They participated in sessions with Japan Softball League's Bic Camera Takasaki and Taiyo Yuden teams, as well as with softball legend and WBSC Executive Board member Taeko Utsugi.
France's coaches also observed the training techniques that have earned Japan and the US the top two places in the WBSC softball world rankings since 2015.
Baseball and softball will be returning to the Olympics after being axed following Beijing 2008.
They were added to the Tokyo 2020 programme at the 2016 International Olympic Committee Session in Rio de Janeiro.
Police officers in the streets of Khorog. For the past few weeks, teams of officials drawn from various security agencies have been going from house to house in Tajikistan's capital, Dushanbe, in an exhaustive effort to uncover what they deem “undesirables.” The operation is now being extended to the whole country. (Photo: David Trilling)
For the past few weeks in Dushanbe, Tajikistan's capital, teams of officials drawn from various security agencies have been going from house to house in an exhaustive effort to uncover what they deem “undesirables.”
According to official documents seen by EurasiaNet.org, the objects of suspicion can include suspected religious extremists or would-be potential terrorists. But the target list also includes electricity thieves and anybody uses the wrong type of lightbulb.
In apparent disregard for due process, the teams, which can number up to 15 officers from the police, prosecutor's office and State Committee for National Security, are demanding to search people's homes without proper authorization from the courts.
The initiative is part of something known as “Operation Order,” and it is focused, for now, on parts of the capital, Dushanbe.
A resident of the city's Ismoili Somoni district told EurasiaNet.org that three law enforcement officers visited his home on June 3 demanding to be allowed in to carry out checks. The man refused, arguing that the officers did not have the requisite paperwork.
“The following day, a commission of 15 people came with an official document signed off by the General Prosecutor's Office, the Interior Ministry and the State Committee for National Security. They came into the house and checked anything it was possible to check,” the resident told EurasiaNet.org on condition of anonymity.
According to those that have undergone similar experiences, nothing is too trivial too evade scrutiny.
Power cables are inspected to ensure no unmetered electricity is being siphoned off the grid. Since the end of last year, city authorities have stepped up inspections to ensure proper storage of propane cylinders, which are used in many households for cooking and heating.
In 2009, in a bid to reduce nationwide electricity consumption, Tajikistan banned the sale of incandescent lightbulbs with power ratings of 100 watts or more. All the same, the offending lightbulbs are routinely smuggled into the country from neighboring Kyrgyzstan.
Anybody found in violation of any of these statutes can face anything from fines to administrative sanctions.
There is a 10-page “Operation Order” document that authorities now wield to legitimize their house searches. The big-ticket targets outlined in that document are suspected members or sympathizers of what the government deems terrorist and extremist groups.
Along with more obvious suspects like the Islamic State group and Jamaat Ansarullah, organizations like the banned Islamic Renaissance Party of Tajikistan (IRPT) and the opposition Group-24, or even associates of Abduhalim Nazarzoda, a former deputy defense minister that authorities claim mounted an attempted coup in September 2015, are in the crosshairs.
Tajik authorities have for many years taken a liberal approach to deciding how to identify potential sympathizers of radical religious organizations, and a similar methodology appears to be guiding “Operation Order.”
Young men with beards are suspect, as are women in overtly Islamic clothing styles. Any discrepancy between ID photos and appearance is particularly frowned upon.
The sweeps are being cast in part as “clarification work.” Teams inform members of the public with whom they come into contact what kind of behavior they should pursue and avoid.
An Interior Ministry representative told EurasiaNet.org on condition of anonymity – because he is not authorized to speak to the media – that the operation is being extended to the whole country and that districts around Dushanbe have already gone through the exercise. Even so, authorities have issued no public notices about the sweeps, meaning people only learn about the nature of the inspections when teams arrive at their front door.
“We didn't send around notifications beforehand, because Interior Ministry representatives also introduce themselves before entering a home anyway. And even without [authorization], any precinct has the right, when necessary, to enter homes and check on what is going on there. That is our daily work,” the ministry official told EurasiaNet.org.
Political commentator Farruh Avezov told EurasiaNet.org that although campaigns to enforce lawful behavior are to be welcomed, authorities ought to have pursued less invasive and punitive methods.
“When you are implementing some or other measure, the people enforcing the rule should have some goodwill and desire to improve the situation, instead of just handing out fines. Fines are a heavy-handed way of solving the problem that is intended to scare anybody into not stepping out of line,” Avezov said.
Ostensibly basing their reasoning on the need to combat terrorism, authorities have been – not always successfully – seeking to expand the ability of security officials and law-enforcement officers to act independently of other government agencies in their interactions with the public.
Lawmakers in the lower house of parliament in October approved legislation allowing agents with the State Committee for National Security (GKNB), the successor agency to the KGB, to enter people's homes without permission or obtaining a court order.
GKNB chief Saimumin Yatimov described the legislation as a measure of last resort. “Special services employees will only get the right to gain unauthorized entry into the homes of citizens in exceptional cases. For example, when there is the threat of a terrorist act and there is a need to protect the life and health of the population or to seek the release of hostages,” Yatimov told lawmakers.
In a surprising and unusual turn of events, however, the upper house, or Senate, rejected the legislation in mid-February. “It is necessary to clearly set a boundary between the provision of security and the guarantee of citizens' rights,” said Senate speaker Mahmadsaid Ubaidulloev.
In a development that may or may not have been related, Ubaidulloev, a long-time regime loyalist and the mayor of Dushanbe until his firing in January, was, at the time of that decision, coming under mounting pressure from rivals. His main antagonist was, and very much remains, his replacement as Dushanbe mayor and the son of the president, Rustam Emomali.
Ubaidulloev is still speaker of the Senate, a position that makes him formal successor to President Emomali Rahmon in the event of an emergency, but there is constant chatter in Dushanbe that there are moves afoot to squeeze him out to make way for a member of the ruling family to take his place.
Undeterred by the GKNB law, deputies are looking at other ways to expand the ability of authorities to intrude into citizens' private lives.
On June 7, one member of the lower house, Jurakhon Majidzoda, suggested giving criminal investigators the power to identify people suspected of visiting “undesirable” websites. What would qualify under that rubric would likely be at the highly subjective judgment of agencies likes the GKNB or the communications agency, which is headed by an official related to Rahmon by marriage.
In support of his argument, Majidzoda claimed that people across Tajikistan are collectively being bombarded with up to 90,000 SMS messages every day from supposed extremists and terrorists. Majidzoda said the messages include appeals to join forces with radical groups based abroad.
Even more sensationally, Majidzoda claimed that out of more than 3 million Tajiks who now have access to the Internet, more than 80 percent visit websites containing extremist and terrorist content.
Attempts by EurasiaNet.org to find any people who had received text messages similar to those described by the lawmaker were unsuccessful.
11:08 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 PM won't participate in funeral of Ya'akov Ne'eman PM Benyamin Netanyahu will not be present at the funeral of former Finance Minister Ya'akov Ne'eman due to the extensive security arrangements that would be required.
► ◄ Last Briefs
TOKYO (AP) — A strong earthquake late Friday shook northeastern Japan off the coast of Fukushima, the region hit by a massive quake and tsunami in 2011 that triggered a nuclear plant meltdown, but there were no reports of damage or injuries.
The Japan Meteorological Agency said there was no danger of a tsunami. It said the quake struck at about midnight and measured a preliminary magnitude of 5.9. It was centered about 50 kilometers (30 miles) below the ocean's surface, it said.
The shaking was felt 240 kilometers (150 miles) away in Tokyo, Japan's capital. Public broadcaster NHK said local trains stopped temporarily for safety checks but then resumed service.
The utility that operates the wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant said its safety checks found no new abnormality.
Authorities suspect foul play after two bodies were found along a northern Indiana creek amid a search for two missing 13-year-old girls, police said Tuesday.
The bodies were found along Deer Creek about 1 mile east of Delphi, Indiana State Police Sgt. Kim Riley told a news conference.
"We are investigating this as a crime scene," Riley said. "We suspect foul play."
Riley said authorities haven't yet positively identified the bodies. He declined to comment on any injuries they might have suffered or to discuss the ages of the victims, but he said the search for the two missing girls had been scaled back significantly.
Riley says the bodies were found Tuesday on the edge of the creek about three-quarters of a mile from an abandoned railroad bridge where the two girls, Liberty German and Abigail Williams, had been dropped off to go hiking Monday. They were reported missing hours later after they did not appear at a predetermined meeting place.
Search parties scoured the base of the bridge, known locally as the Monon High Bridge, and surrounding trails Monday night, but darkness made it nearly impossible, Carroll County Sheriff Tobe Leazenby said.
Riley declined to disclose who found the bodies.
Delphi Police Chief Steve Mullins said the discovery of the bodies and search for the girls has shocked the community about 60 miles northwest of Indianapolis.
"I know it's had a terrible effect on our people and we are grieved this sort of thing would happen here in our community," Mullins told the news conference.
The German Football Association (DFB) have submitted their bid book to UEFA as preparations as part of their bid to host the 2024 European Championships.
DFB President Reinhard Grindel, accompanied by the governing body's general secretary Friedrich Curtius, and bid ambassador Philipp Lahm, Germany's 2014 FIFA World Cup-winning captain led the delegation.
They were joined the DFB's ambassador for integration Celia Šašić, a player for the German women's team, as the bid book was officially to to UEFA general secretary Theodore Theodoridis during a special ceremony.
The submission comes three days before the April 27 deadline and will be followed by the bid book from Turkey - the only other nation bidding to host Euro 2024.
"We are submitting an excellent bid concept for a perfectly organised tournament, which offers a great opportunity for UEFA to further develop European football," Grindel said.
German chancellor Angela Merkel, centre, has given her backing to Germany's Euro 2024 bid ©Getty Images
In a subtle dig at the Turkish bid, Grindel added: “Euro 2024 staged in the heart of Europe will enable all of the participants to be given the best possible support by their fans.
"At the same time, we are building bridges between people of different nations, and are making an important contribution to bringing alive both the values of football and those of a modern civil society."
Once Turkey submits their bid later this week, UEFA will start evaluating the dossiers.
"During this evaluation phase, bidders may be required by UEFA to elaborate upon and substantiate their bids as described in their bid dossiers," a UEFA statement read.
UEFA will then publish a written evaluation on each bid with the host nation set to be announced on September 27.
Getty Image
Gospel legend Kim Burrell ended her 2016 by going on a homophobic rant and calling gay people “perverts.” The singer was at a Houston church two days before the new year and preaching about the gay community on Facebook Live when she said, “You play with the homosexual spirit in God's house and you'll die from it in 2017.” Burrell also called gays “serpents” in the video captured by a viewer. “You as a man, you open your mouth and take a man's penis in your face, you are perverted. You are a woman and will shake your face in another woman's breast, you are perverted,” she went on to say.
The 44-year-old singer later offered up a non-apology for the inflammatory remarks, claiming she never mentioned the LGBT community in her hate-filled sermon and was only talking about sin and preaching to “church people.” As aa result, fans are demanding that Ellen cancel her appearance on the show.
Burrell is currently scheduled to appear on The Ellen Degeneres Show this Thursday with Pharrell for a performance of “I See A Victory,” the lead single from the Hidden Figures soundtrack. Many are now pressuring the daytime talk show host who happens to be gay herself to put the kibosh on Burrell's appearance.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
It wasn't supposed to be this way, but this Saturday's game at Hec Edmundson Pavilion will match two of the top three Pac-12 Conference teams with No. 9 Arizona (19-4, 9-1 Pac-12) traveling to Seattle to take on one of the more surprising teams in the league, Washington. The Huskies (16-6, 6-3) were picked to finish 10th in the conference before the start of the season, but Washington has surpassed those expectations heading into Saturday's 10:30 ET tip off.
First-year Washington head coach Mike Hopkins is going to be in play for the conference's coach of the year award, and coming off a big win over No. 25 Arizona State Thursday night he has his Huskies in a position to really make some noise Saturday when it takes on the Wildcats.
"It will be great to play a team the caliber of Arizona and see where we're at," Hopkins said after Thursday night's win over ASU. "It will be a great test for us."
Junior forward Noah Dickerson scored 21 points and recorded 16 rebounds in the 68-64 win for the Huskies. Hopkins said after the game he will continue to go to his team's leading rebounder and second-leading scorer as the rest of the season unfolds.
Meanwhile, Sean Miller has his Wildcats doing what they have been expected to do. The conference's favorite and first-place team has just one blemish on its record since November and is in the midst of a seven-game winning streak after knocking off Washington State 100-72 Wednesday night in Pullman.
Arizona continues to be led by its two stars with junior shooting guard Allonzo Trier (19.9 points per game) and freshman power forward Deandre Ayton (19.7 ppg).
The Wildcats also were able to get Rawle Alkins back in the lineup Wednesday night after he spent the previous week resting a sore foot. He scored 16 points, including four 3-pointers off the bench in the lopsided win.
Nearly a year later, details are still coming out surrounding the mysterious circumstances resulting in Prince's death. The latest come from newly unsealed search warrants revealing the singer's doctor prescribed pills to an alternate name for Prince. They also reveal that an avalanche of medications was discovered throughout Paisley Park, and controlled substances were discovered as well.
As reported by USA Today, CVS prescription bottles for Kirk Johnson — who has worked with Prince since the 80s — were found in Prince's dressing room and mirror room, each containing different controlled substances. Over 100 white capsules labeled “Watson 853” were found in Aleve and Bayer bottles. Watson 853 is a combination of acetaminophen and hydrocodone and is considered a narcotic. The search warrant states that there was a “sizable amount of narcotic medications located inside Paisley Park,” in places including Prince's bedroom, wardrobe, and laundry room.
Prince's toxicology screening revealed he had a lethal dose of Fentanyl in his body when he died, but investigators couldn't find any prescriptions in his name. However, they found a prescription for Johnson of oxycodone from Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, who was at Paisley Park the day Prince died. It was then that Dr. Schulenberg admitted to authorities that he'd prescribed the oxycodone responsible for Prince's overdose on April 14, 2016, which forced his plane into an emergency landing when he was returning from a show in Atlanta.
Why were there so many prescriptions for pills in other people's names around Prince's home? According to Dr. Schulenberg, he was trying to protect Prince's privacy. And Johnson seemed to be in on the ruse. He picked up medication for Prince on April 20, one day before the singer's death, but claimed that was the first time he'd ever done something like that. After Prince's death, investigators found a suitcase with numerous prescription bottles in Johnson's name — but none of them were prescribed by Dr. Schulenberg.
However, Dr. Schulenberg had prescribed numerous pills that were hidden in other bottles. A bottle labeled “vitamin D” held ondansetron hydrochloride, while another labeled ondansetron was actually acetaminophen and oxycodone hydrochloride. Dr. Schulenberg prescribed those pills to Johnson on April 7.
Dr. Schulenberg is just the latest in a long line of doctors making questionable decisions in their treatment of celebrities and their illnesses. Back in June of 2009, Dr. Conrad Murray overprescribed a cocktail of medications to help Michael Jackson sleep, but it led to his death. Joan Rivers passed in September of 2014 after a medical clinic failed to respond to drops in Rivers's vital signs during a minor throat procedure. Both Anna Nicole Smith and Heath Ledger overdosed on prescription drugs, and while Smith's psychiatrist was arrested for overprescribing, Ledger's doctors were exonerated of any wrongdoing. A DEA investigation determined that “the doctors in question had prescribed Ledger other medications — not the pills that killed him.”
Prince was 57 when he died from an accidental overdose on April 21, 2017.
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Douglas Moss arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
By MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - Bill Cosby's lawyers urged a jury Tuesday to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they said were based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence," arguing he was falsely accused by a "pathological liar" scheming for a big payday.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era was nearly in the hands of a jury after the defense declared that Cosby himself was the victim of an elaborate frame-up.
Lawyers Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that chief accuser Andrea Constand consented to a sexual encounter at Cosby's home in suburban Philadelphia, then leveled false accusations against the "Cosby Show" star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
"You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury," Cosby lawyer Tom Mesereau said. "You are."
Prosecutors were to deliver their closing argument next. The jury was expected to get the case later in the day.
The former TV star was accompanied Tuesday for the first time in the trial by his wife of 54 years, who sat in the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him. Camille Cosby, 74, had been absent from the courtroom as the prosecution built its case that Cosby maintained a sordid double life that involved preying on women sexually.
Before the jury came in, she went to the defense table and put her arm around her husband. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and he gave her a peck on the cheek.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called "your friends" and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too - including one woman who asked him through her tears, "You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?"
Cosby has said he gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help her relax before what he called a consensual encounter. And the defense ripped into the other women, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to come forward in recent years with fabricated accounts.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison.
The jury at Cosby's first trial weighed the evidence for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
This time, his defense team mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit. Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago - a settlement that Mesereau argued was "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
"He thought he was paying for peace. He didn't get it," the lawyer said.
In a two-hour, tag-team closing argument, Mesereau and Bliss highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years. Mesereau, best known for winning an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case, showed jurors a list of what he said were Constand's "biggest lies" and displayed excerpts from her police statements and testimony to help back up his claims.
He also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team where she worked, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
The date of Cosby's encounter with Constand is important because of when he was charged. Prosecutors reopened the case in 2015, and he was charged late that year - just before the 12-year statute of limitations was set to expire.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
Bliss also suggested that Constand and Cosby were having an affair, and that she was the aggressor, "cavorting around with a married man old enough to be her grandfather."
"There's no doubt that something was going on here," Bliss said. "There's no doubt there was love in the making."
Wearing sunglasses in the courtroom, Cosby's wife smirked and pursed her lips a few times but otherwise listened stoically.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Equifax breach has state and federal officials looking for ways to secure our data and give us more control over our information.7 on Your Side's Michael Finney has been talking with lawmakers and has more information on what the next steps are for not only the investigation, but protecting your assets.Watch the video in the player above for the full story.
WOODSBURGH, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A sprawling open space in Nassau County could be turned into housing after CBS2 has learned of an agreement to sell the Woodmere Club.
As CBS2's Carolyn Gusoff reported Tuesday, the private country club – like many across Long Island – has fallen on tough financial times.
A fury has now erupted over the fate of the century-old institution.
“The character of the neighborhood is not meant, you know, to have all these homes,” said Sara Bienstock of Woodsburgh. “It's meant to have nature and the environment.”
Five Towns residents are teed off that the Woodmere Club, a jewel of the Nassau County South Shore, will be carved up now that sources say it has been sold to a developer.
The club's land, currently zoned for dense housing, makes it eligible for 300 new homes.
“Having a lot of small houses doesn't seem like it'll benefit our neighborhood at all,” said Nicole Spivak of Woodsburgh.
“They're investors. They're free to do what they want to do,” said Conroy Champagne of Cedarhurst. “But I'm for quality of life.”
As CBS2 reported last summer, club members are also unhappy it has come to this.
“We love this club and of course I don't want homes here,” a member said at the time. “I don't want to sell anything, but if that's what it takes.”
But after one deal fell through – a mulligan of sorts – the club board advised members in a letter to approve the sale to a new developer who will maintain the golf course for four years. Afterward, he has the option to dissolve the club and subdivide, bringing hundreds more people to an already-congested corridor.
“On a good day, the traffic is impossible,” said Danielle Aronovitz of the group Concerned Residents of the Five Towns. “This neighborhood is busting – that's the bottom line.”
“People just don't want to pay that much to play golf anymore,” said Hempstead Town Councilman Bruce Blakeman.
With many country club struggling, Blakeman said the Town of Hempstead is reevaluating zoning for shuttered golf courses.
“We determined that the best thing to do was a time out,” he said. “We have installed a moratorium of six months, and during that time, we're meeting with planners to figure out what plan makes sense for this community.”
Even if the sale closes, there will be rounds ahead of zoning and permit battles. Three villages, the Town of Hempstead, and the residents all have skin in the game.
The developer for the land is identified in club documents as WG Woodmere, LLC an affiliate of Robert Weiss and Efram Gerzberg.
The Woodmere Club board of directors declined to comment.
The University of Adelaide has recruited SA Water's chief information officer to be its second-ever CIO.
The university didn't offer a starting date for Bev McQuade's new role, but said she would join the university some time in the next three months.
The university in November said it would conduct a global search for a new IT leader, after its inaugural CIO, Mark Gregory, left for Flinders University.
“After a thorough international and national search process I am very pleased to announce the appointment of Bev McQuade to this important position for the University,” Adelaide Uni's chief operation office, Bruce Lines, said in a statement.
McQuade has been CIO at SA Water for eight years. At the university she will oversee a 250-strong Technology Branch and an annual budget of $60 million.
“Like all other sectors, higher education is undergoing a digital transformation,” Lines said. “The University of Adelaide wants to ensure technology is delivering the very best experience for its students and staff, whether it is in the classroom, engaging with University processes or undertaking learning and research out in the region and internationally.
“Bev possesses a demonstrated commitment to identifying and meeting the business needs of organisations via technology, which makes her an ideal appointment for the university, particularly as we attempt to operate at the forefront of online-enabled education and deliver high performance computing solutions for high-end research. She is very enthusiastic to be joining the university.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is hearing arguments in a free speech fight over California's attempt to regulate anti-abortion crisis pregnancy centers.
The case being argued Tuesday involves information required by a state law that the centers must provide clients about the availability of contraception, abortion and pre-natal care, at little or no cost. Centers that are unlicensed also must post a sign that says so.
The centers say that they are being forced to deliver a message with which they disagree because their aim is to steer women away from abortion.
California and abortions rights group that backed the law say its goal is to provide accurate information about the range of options facing a pregnant woman.
The outcome also could affect laws in other states that seek to regulate doctors' speech.
In Louisiana, Texas and Wisconsin, doctors must display a sonogram and describe the fetus to most pregnant women considering an abortion, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which supports abortion rights. Similar laws have been blocked in Kentucky, North Carolina and Oklahoma.
Doctors' speech has also been an issue in non-abortion cases. A federal appeals court struck down parts of a 2011 Florida law that sought to prohibit doctors from talking about gun safety with their patients. Under the law, doctors faced fines and the possible loss of their medical licenses for discussing guns with patients.
In another lawsuit over regulating crisis pregnancy centers, a federal appeals court in New York struck down parts of a New York City ordinance, although it upheld the requirement for unlicensed centers to say that they lack a license.
The abortion-rights group NARAL Pro-Choice California was a prime sponsor of the California law. NARAL contends that the centers mislead women about their options and try to pressure them to forgo abortion. Estimates of the number of crisis pregnancy centers in the U.S. run from 2,500 to more than 4,000, compared with fewer than 1,500 abortion providers, women's rights groups said in a Supreme Court filing.
California's law was challenged by the National Institute of Family and Life Advocates, an organization with ties to 1,500 pregnancy centers nationwide and 140 in California.
HOUSTON (AP) — James Harden became the first player in NBA history to score 60 points as part of a triple-double and the short-handed Houston Rockets beat the Orlando Magic 114-107 on Tuesday night.
Harden scored 18 points in the fourth quarter to eclipse the 57 points Calvin Murphy scored in 1978 to break Houston's single-game scoring record. After Harden broke the record, cameras in the arena showed a shot of Murphy, who works on the television broadcast team, smiling and clapping for the Beard, who also had 10 rebounds and 11 assists.
The game was tied at 107 after a basket by Marreese Speights with just under four minutes to play. Neither team scored for more than two minutes after that before Harden took over, scoring the next six points to make it 113-107 with 45 seconds left.
He set the scoring mark when he stepped back and made a 3-pointer before crashing to the court after being fouled by Mario Hezonja. He then made the free throw to give him 60 points and bringing the crowd to its feet.
Hezonja and Speights scored 17 points each for the Magic, who dropped their third straight.
PISTONS 125, CAVALIERS 114
DETROIT (AP) — Andre Drummond had 21 points and 22 rebounds, and the short-handed Detroit Pistons beat Cleveland after the Cavaliers lost Kevin Love to a potentially season-altering hand injury.
Love exited in the first quarter with a broken left hand, and the Pistons took advantage of his absence, snapping an eight-game losing streak despite a roster that was depleted by their blockbuster trade for Blake Griffin.
Detroit gave up three players to get Griffin, and neither he nor the other two players the Pistons received in return were available against Cleveland. Drummond — whose own status was in question because of an illness — had a huge game, and Stanley Johnson added a career-high 26 points.
LeBron James scored 21 points for the Cavs, but Cleveland was listless early and outplayed late — and the result felt secondary to Love's health. The team said he had a non-displaced fracture in his fifth metacarpal and his status would be updated after additional examination Wednesday in Cleveland.
WIZARDS 102, THUNDER 96
WASHINGTON (AP) — Beginning what could be a significant stretch without All-Star point guard John Wall, the Washington Wizards got 25 points from Otto Porter Jr., limited Russell Westbrook to 13 and stopped Oklahoma City's eight-game win streak.
Bradley Beal had 21 points and nine assists for Washington, which announced about 7 1/2 hours before tipoff that Wall will have arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Wednesday.
Paul George had 28 points for Oklahoma City, but zero in the fourth quarter. Carmelo Anthony scored 19, but he missed three shots in the final 30 seconds. Westbrook wound up with 10 assists, six rebounds and seven turnovers and made only 5 of 18 shots.
Wall, picked for his fifth All-Star game last week, is second on the Wizards in scoring, averaging 19.4 points, and is second in the league with 9.3 assists per game.
In July, he agreed to a $170 million, four-year contract extension that starts next season.
JAZZ 129, WARRIORS 99
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Ricky Rubio scored 23 points and handed out 11 assists as the Jazz stunned the Warriors.
The loss ended a three-game winning streak for the Warriors, who had won seven of eight before facing the Jazz. It was their largest loss of the season.
Warriors coach Steve Kerr seemed to waive the white flag with more than six minutes left in the game, pulling his starters.
Klay Thompson led Golden State with 27 points and six rebounds while Kevin Durant finished with 17.
KNICKS 111, NETS 95
NEW YORK (AP) — Kristaps Porzingis scored 28 points, Enes Kanter had 20 points, 20 rebounds and five assists, and the Knicks completed a New York City sweep of the Nets with a victory.
The Knicks returned home from their longest road trip of the season in new uniforms but their same old dominance of the Nets, with their fourth victory in four tries this season. They dominated the interior again and swept the series for the first time since 2010-11 — before the rivals shared the same city.
DeMarre Carroll scored 13 points for the Nets, who lost their fourth straight game.
RAPTORS 109, TIMBERWOLVES 104
TORONTO (AP) — DeMar DeRozan scored 23 points, Jonas Valanciunas had 18 points and 11 rebounds and the Raptors rallied from a 13-point deficit to beat the Timberwolves.
Kyle Lowry and Serge Ibaka each scored 15 points and Jakob Poeltl had six of his 12 points in the fourth quarter as the Raptors won their 14th straight home meeting with the Timberwolves.
Minnesota has not won in Toronto since Jan. 21, 2004, when current Timberwolves star Andrew Wiggins was eight years old.
Toronto is 19-4 at home this season, the second-best record in the NBA behind San Antonio (21-4).
Jimmy Butler scored 25 points, Wiggins had 15 and Jeff Teague and Gorgiu Dieng each finished with 14 but the Timberwolves lost for the fourth time in five games.
KINGS 114, PELICANS 103
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Zach Randolph scored 26 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, and the Kings beat the Pelicans.
Kosta Koufos had 17 points and 17 rebounds for the Kings, who were able to exploit the absence of Pelicans All-Star and former King DeMarcus Cousins by getting double-doubles from both of their starting big men.
Rookie De'Aaron Fox and reserve guard Garrett Temple, a former LSU player, each scored 15 for the Kings, who've won three of their last four games.
Anthony Davis had 23 points and 13 rebounds for the Pelicans, while Jrue Holiday scored 21 points and Ian Clark a season-high 20, hitting nine of 10 shots.
SPURS 106, NUGGETS 104
SAN ANTONIO (AP) — LaMarcus Aldridge scored 30 points and the Spurs escaped with a victory over the Nuggets.
The Spurs had four players in double figures, including 18 points each from Kyle Anderson and Pau Gasol.
Every Denver starter scored in double figures with Jamal Murray leading the way with 18 points and Gary Harris adding 17.
San Antonio had to battle to win its 11th straight at home over Denver. There were 18 lead changes and the Nuggets came within inches of a game-winning 19th.
TRAIL BLAZERS 104, CLIPPERS 96
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Damian Lillard scored 28 points and the Trail Blazers pulled away in the third quarter to beat the Clippers.
Los Angeles was playing its first game since Blake Griffin's stunning trade to Detroit on Monday.
CJ McCollum added 16 points and Jusuf Nurkic had 14 points and 18 rebounds for the Blazers, who ended a seven-game skid against the Clippers while winning their third in a row.
Lou Williams scored 20 points off the bench and DeAndre Jordan had 19 rebounds for the Clippers, who made a run in the fourth after they trailed by 20.
The first trailer premiered Sunday ahead of the return of 'Westworld.'
Amy Adams is back with a haunting new series.
The five-time Oscar nominee stars in the eight-episode limited series, Sharp Objects, based on the 2006 novel by Gone Girl author Gillian Flynn. Adams plays reporter Camille Preaker, who returns to her hometown of Wind Gap, Missouri, to investigate the murders of two young girls and forcing her to face personal demons.
The first trailer for Sharp Objects debuted Sunday night, ahead of the anticipated season two premiere of Westworld, and though it's just an early glimpse of what awaits, one thing's for certain: It's going to be dark, terrifying and thrilling.
Flynn, author of the best-selling Gone Girl and mystery thriller Dark Places, has a penchant for exploring the tragic tales of loathsome, challenging -- on the surface, at least -- women in her stories. Sharp Objects promises to lean into that fact, with Big Little Lies'Jean-Marc Vallee directing and creator Marti Noxon writing the scripts.
Joining Adams in the cast are Patricia Clarkson, Elizabeth Perkins, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen, Madison Davenport, Matt Craven and Taylor John Smith, along with Will Chase, Jackson Hurst, Jennifer Aspen and Sydney Sweeney in recurring roles.
Watch the trailer below.
Sharp Objects premieres July on HBO.
RELATED CONTENT:
Amy Adams Embodies Liza Minnelli, Andy Warhol and More in Epic Photo Shoot
Amy Adams' First Selfie Ever is Stunning -- See the Pic!
EXCLUSIVE: Amy Adams 'Reflects in the Gratitude' For Her Family as Daughter Joins Her at Walk of Fame Ceremony
Related Articles:
Arutz Sheva spoke to Roni Drori, the father of IDF soldier Eliyahu Drori, killed in a tank accident in April.
Drori discussed the conclusions of an investigative committee about the accident that were recently published.
“We wanted to understand if Eliyahu suffered - and it seems, thank G-d, that he did not. We also wanted to understand the details of the story, because when you see the details it allows you to see the hashgacha pratit [Divine intervention], you can see what Hashem was doing and that it was all from Heaven. That's really what we saw from the details of what happened.”
Drori explained that the circumstances that led to his son's death were so unlikely as to render them unattributable to any tangible cause, and that this in itself provides comfort.
“This accident was like if you're driving in a parking lot, and you bump into another car, and then your car blows up. You can learn all the lessons you want about how not to hit the other car, but the problem is that the car blew up. The fire, which was caused by a piece of metal, went into a tank shell, it went through a tiny gap while the turret was turning - they're not even changing anything because of that, because it was such a crazy thing that never happened before, and they never expect it to happen again.
“The way it happened, it's a comfort that there's no one to hate. He wasn't killed by somebody, it wasn't anybody's fault, and that makes it a different experience.”
Dror noted steps being taken to commemorate his son. “His yeshiva, Shaalvim, is raising funds to build a dormitory in his name, and his synagogue, Meam Loez, is helping us to raise money to dedicate a house of Torah study in Ramat Beit Shemesh Aleph in his memory,” he said, adding that there is also a website dedicated to Eliyahu's memory.
XL Specialized Trailers has updated its low-profile Hydraulic Detachable Gooseneck (HDG) models with a low-profile gooseneck that features a relief cutout that provides extra space between the trailer and truck.
There are three models overall. The XL 110 HDG has a 24-inch loaded deck height and is rated at 110,000 pounds in 12 feet, and the XL 120 HDG with the same deck height is rated at 120,000 pounds in 16 feet and 110,000 pounds in 10 feet. The XL 110 Low-Profile HDG has an 18-inch deck height – to help meet bridge clearance regulations without a drop side or beam deck -- and is rated at 110,000 pounds in 16 feet.
When loading or unloading, the 13-foot neck -- which has a five-position ride height -- can be removed with a wet kit or power unit. The deck can also be leveled with the adjustable wheel area ride height.
Main decks on these trailers are built with T-1 flange and 80k webs, as well as cross members on 12-inch centers.
FLORIDA (CBS Local) – A woman in Florida has gone viral for all the wrong reasons after getting caught shaving her legs in a hotel pool.
In a video posted to Reddit, the swimmer was outed by fellow pool-goers who can be heard commenting on the public shaving. The May 27 post was quickly up-voted by over 55,000 Reddit users.
Several people commenting on Reddit claimed this personal hygiene foul is just the tip of the iceberg at public pools across the country. “Yeah I used to work at a public pool and for whatever reason they attract the worst of humanity. I would never swim in a public pool after that experience,” one person alleged.
“My leg hurts from running too much and I was considering becoming a swimmer at my local YMCA,” another reader added. “After reading this comment. Nope. I'd rather run on my sprained knee.”
Although the Internet's “court of public opinion” is largely in agreement that the unidentified swimmer committed a serious pool no-no, Florida doesn't actually have rules against shaving in a public swimming area.
By Amanda Wicks
For Valentine's Day, D.R.A.M. has found his soulmate and it just so happens to be a puppet that look just like him.
Related: Neil Young is Working with Rapper D.R.A.M.
D.R.A.M. released the new video for his single “Cute,” and in it he discovers his puppet doppelgänger in a convenience store's toy aisle. The look of sheer joy on his face when he sees his felt twin is enough to melt any heart on this love-happy day.
The two go strolling around New York, where the puppet ends up getting more play than D.R.A.M. Each lady he passes blows him a kiss, and he ends up taking one out to dinner and snuggling up to watch a movie with the other. But all's well that ends well. Each lady turns out to have a puppet doppelgänger too, so D.R.A.M.'s puppet finds love with them while D.R.A.M. finds love with the ladies.
Transcript for 15 dogs seized from unlicensed breeder after 3 were illegally debarked
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
BERLIN (AP) — Scientists say they're several steps closer to perfecting a method for saving the northern white rhino from extinction.
Writing in the journal Nature Communications, researchers said Wednesday they've succeeded in creating embryos using frozen northern white rhino sperm and eggs from a southern white rhino.
It's the first time such hybrid embryos have been created, and the scientists from Europe and the United States hope it will provide a pathway to saving the northern white rhino sub-species, of which only two females remain.
They plan to harvest the females' egg cells soon and produce "pure" northern white rhinos to be borne by a southern white surrogate in three years. They're also working on a second method that would see sperm and eggs produced from preserved cells of northern white rhinos.
A top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States conducting one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump.
Kim Yong Chol is meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York to finalize plans for the summit, while lower-level officials have been meeting at the inter-Korean border and in Singapore for other pre-summit negotiations.
A look at what is at stake in the three sets of talks:
———
U.S. TALKS
Kim Yong Chol is likely to convey to Pompeo that Kim Jong-un is serious about the summit and also to discuss the contents of a joint statement to be issued at its end.
Some experts say major thorny issues are still unsettled between the two countries, and that is why a senior official like Kim Yong Chol has traveled to the United States to narrow the gap.
Trump abruptly canceled the summit last Thursday before quickly reversing course and announcing the meeting could happen. His decision came amid widespread doubt in the United States that North Korea would be willing to actually scrap a nuclear program it has struggled for decades to build.
Meanwhile, South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who met Kim Jong-un last Saturday, said the North Korean leader is uncertain whether he can trust Trump's promise to provide a security guarantee if North Korea abandons its nuclear weapons.
Given these basic concerns, Kim Yong Chol's talks with Pompeo are likely to focus on a possible compromise between Washington's push for a speedy nuclear disarmament and North Korea's preference for more gradual steps matched by corresponding benefits from the U.S.
Kim Yong Chol, 72, is the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States since 2000. His official title is vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party. He previously headed North Korea's military intelligence agency and was believed to be behind two attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and a 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures.
———
DMZ TALKS
U.S. and North Korean officials started talks on the North's side of a Korean border village on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit. The village is inside the mine-strewn 4-kilometer (2.5-mile) -wide Demilitarized Zone, a buffer created at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.
The U.S. delegation is headed by Sung Kim, the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines who served as America's top negotiator to now-stalled six-nation talks on North Korean nuclear disarmament, and as its ambassador to Seoul. In 2008, he witnessed North Korea's destruction of the cooling tower at its main nuclear complex in a show of good faith with the United States. In recent years, however, satellite photos have indicated that North Korea has restarted its plutonium reactor at the complex.
His North Korean counterpart is Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son Hui, the North's highest-ranking female diplomat. A recent statement by Choe threatening to scuttle the summit and warning Washington of a nuclear showdown led Trump to temporarily cancel the summit, citing "open hostility" from the North.
The two sides are believed to have exchanged their countries' views on North Korea's denuclearization, America's security assurances and other issues. South Korean media said they wrapped up their talks on Wednesday after Kim Yong Chol's departure for New York.
Choe served as an English-language interpreter during the six-party talks, while Sung Kim, a Korean American, is fluent in Korean. Analysts say that is likely to have smoothed their talks because they could understand each other even when they were speaking their own languages at the negotiating table.
———
SINGAPORE TALKS
This meeting is to plan protocol, security and other logistical issues and might also include determining when and where in Singapore the summit would be held.
The two countries originally planned to hold the summit in Singapore on June 12. After putting the summit back on track, Trump tweeted Friday that it "will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th, and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date."
A delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un's trusted aides, Kim Chang Son, flew to Singapore on Monday night. South Korean media reported that he began talks with Joe Hagin, the White House deputy chief of staff for operations, who is in Singapore with other U.S. officials.
No details have emerged about the talks. Possible venues for the summit include Singapore's presidential palace, the Shangri-La hotel and the Marina Bay Sands hotel.
Kim Chang Son served as Kim Jong-un's chief of staff after the 34-year-old leader took power in late 2011. His current official title is a departmental director at the State Affairs Commission, which is headed by Kim Jong-un.
Roger Daltrey, "As Long As I Have You" (Republic Records)
It may seem paradoxical to begin a review of a Roger Daltrey album by mentioning Pete Townshend, but The Who is a vocalist himself credits his bandmate for encouragement in getting "As Long As I Have You" finished.
"I'd lost confidence in it, due to a long break recovering from meningitis," Daltrey says in a touching liner note on his first solo record since 1992.
Daltrey has embodied many characters on record, stage and screen — pinball wizard Tommy and real-life reformed criminal John McVicar among them — but he's not the kind of singer whose personality gets lost in the song. Instead, his credibility and authenticity as a vocalist make the tunes his own no matter who wrote them.
Townshend's also plays acoustic guitar and a few electrifying solos on seven of the 11 songs on the album, an exquisitely chosen selection of tunes by Stephen Stills, Parliament, Stevie Wonder, Nick Cave, K.T. Oslin by way of Dusty Springfield and Boz Scaggs, among others.
Daltrey tips his cap to his band and youth by covering a pair of tracks The Who played when they were starting out — the dynamic title song and a Joe Tex ballad, "The Love You Save."
Both Stills' "How Far" (from the first Manassas album) and Parliament's "Get On Out of the Rain" (aka "Come In Out of the Rain") could be The Who circa 1972, Daltrey singing with gusto and Townshend's guitar lines providing real lift. Oslin's soulful "Where Is a Man to Go" and Cave's "Into My Arms" are also great.
The end of the album brings a rarity: Daltrey originals. The tender "Certified Rose," with Stax-like horns, is dedicated to his daughter, while thoughtful closer "Always Heading Home" attains added poignancy in light of his brush with mortality.
Daltrey says he's ready for another Who is a album and this record and his 2014 collaboration with Wilko Johnson show he's still in great form. It would be an amazing journey, Pete.
TORONTO – Friday, June 30 (two weeks and two days from now) will be the last chance a resident of Ontario will have to take a road test for an Ontario CDL (or A/Z, as it's known in the province) without first taking a mandatory training training.
Good luck getting an appointment. Extended lineups were being reported more than a month ago.
After July 1, prospective drivers will have to register with one of the province's more than 80 certified schools. The bare minimum training will involve 103 hours of training, broken down as 36.5 hours in class and 67 hours in or at the truck, with at 17 of those in the yard; 50 holding the steering wheel; with 32.5 of them on the road and 17.5 hours in the yard, backing up and doing other maneuvers.
Air brake training will add another 12 hours, minimum.
The lowest price school will be $6,000.
Ontario is the first province to make truck-driving-training obligatory. Other jurisdictions are expected to follow suit.
The switch to mandatory training will indeed be game-changing. While about 9,000 Class A road tests are delivered each year in Ontario, just 2,500 people went through a Private Career College, public college, or Ministry of Transportation-approved driver certification program in 2014.
“The fight is on Cinco de Mayo, which is a traditional date in Las Vegas for a big fight.”
The charade being exercised at this time by each man's promotional sides shouldn't surprise us at all. We likely know the answer to the big question…
Earlier this week, the announcement for which we were so eagerly awaiting in words only was made official. Middleweight superstars Saul “Canelo” Alvarez and Gennady “GGG” Golovkin will have another shot at each other and in the process, their respective promoters will also have a chance for another hefty take at the gate. Last May, we were presented with the news of their initial matchup in the middle of the ring after Canelo likely earned the easiest $5 million of his life after his opponent, Julio Cesar Chavez, Jr. (and we greatly emphasize junior) may have already had his mind on the after party which took place in his hotel room.
Many of us had hoped that Golovkin would perhaps make his way into the ring for the style of open challenges we'd seen in the past, such as when Shane Mosley drew a proverbial line in the sand with Floyd Mayweather back in 2009. Instead and in uplifting yet obviously scripted fashion, those who didn't bail out of T-Mobile Arena heard the familiar bass line of “Seven Nation Army”, which could only mean one thing.
In walked Golovkin and from that moment we knew that the fight was a go for September 16 in Las Vegas. The night was a clear success. Let's not forget the live gate number of over $27 million, a sellout crowd of over 22,000 and well beyond one million clicks of the ‘buy' button on pay TV. Additionally, oceans of money were once again pumped into the Las Vegas economy and the majority of visitors to Sin City choose to stay in a hotel room located somewhere on the famous Strip. This makes the accessibility of a championship contest taking place at such locales as T-Mobile Arena, MGM Grand or Mandalay Bay all within a short walk.
You can't really get that in New York City, at least not in the same way. So, where will the rematch take place? The charade being exercised at this time by each man's promotional sides shouldn't surprise us at all. We likely know the answer to the big question.
We've been informed that AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, which would undoubtedly offer the best bang for the buck in terms of tickets and the corresponding amount of fans, will be unavailable on May 5. The home of the Dallas Cowboys will play host to the NFL Draft for three days, beginning on April 26 and per the brass at Golden Boy and K2 Promotions, there won't be enough turnaround time to set the place up for a high profile bout.
“The fight is on Cinco de Mayo, which is a traditional date in Las Vegas for a big fight,” said Tom Loeffler of K2 Promotions on Wednesday. “We will have to sit down and talk to the venues. This is the kind of event that changes a local economy because it generates so much money for the hotels, the restaurants and the taxis.”
It should come as no surprise that Oscar De La Hoya, the CEO of Golden Boy Promotions and a former big time draw in Las Vegas himself, indicated that the Nevada desert hotspot is the one place truly on his mind for the rematch. “The bottom line is,” he said, “Las Vegas is the perfect site for a fight of this magnitude. In the history of this sport, Las Vegas has hosted the biggest events in boxing.”
So, there you have it and such facts often beg the question of just exactly why the hopes of fight fans are so often quickly hopped up and then squashed. The average boxing fanatic cannot put forth the necessary funds to go out to Las Vegas by way of an expensive plane ride, then pay extortion-type rates at local hotels. Oh, and let's not forget the jaw dropping cost of fight tickets. To be fair and as was the case last September as well as in May 2015 when Floyd Mayweather finally met Manny Pacquiao in the ring, many fans headed out to Vegas with no intention of paying for tickets. They just wanted to be there to “soak it all in.”
At least Las Vegas has certain times of the year when a room is relatively inexpensive, provided one goes in the dead heat of summer and doesn't stay through a weekend. New York City is always costly and even though the New York Knicks haven't won an NBA title since 1970, ticket prices for just about anything at “The World's Most Famous Arena” aren't cheap. This is the same place which hosted ‘The Fight of the Century' almost 47 years ago, when Muhammad Ali beat Joe Frazier for the world heavyweight championship. Times have certainly changed.
All things considered, we should be prepared for a night at home or perhaps a friend's place in May and of course, there's nothing wrong with that. At the same time, it's not as if a trip to Arlington or anywhere else for such an event wouldn't carry a huge price tag. Within the next ten days or even less, we'll get the news we already know. It continues to happen.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkey's state-run news agency says a United Nations judge has been convicted of membership in an extremist group.
A court in Ankara sentenced Aydin Sefa Akay, a Turkish national, to seven and a half years in prison for "membership in an armed terror group" Wednesday, according to Anadolu news agency. Akay, a retired ambassador and a sitting judge at the UN Mechanism for International Criminal Tribunals, was accused of links to U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Turkey claims Gulen was behind the bloody failed coup last summer. He denies the allegations.
Akay was arrested in September as part of a crackdown on alleged followers of the cleric, drawing criticism from the UN. Following the guilty verdict, the court ruled to release him under judicial control and barred him from leaving Turkey.
A lawyer for a man accused of setting off bombs in New Jersey and New York City wants charges related to a shootout dismissed.
NJ.com reports ( http://bit.ly/2lPSTJN ) Union County Deputy Public Defender Peter Liguori, who is representing Ahmad Rahimi, filed pre-trial motions, including one to strike repetitive counts in the indictment against Rahimi.
Twenty-eight-year-old Rahimi is charged with five counts of attempted murder for the Sept. 19 gun battle in Linden, New Jersey. At the time, he was being sought for planting bombs in Manhattan, near a charity run in Seaside Park, and in a trash can in Elizabeth.
Liguori argues prosecutors failed to present sufficient evidence to support charges he tried to kill Linden police officers.
Rahimi is also facing a federal trial over the bomb charges.
———
Information from: NJ.com, http://www.nj.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee are seeking a subpoena for documents concerning the Trump administration's decision to add a citizenship question in the 2020 Census.
Democrats have voiced concerns immigrants will dodge the survey, diluting political representation and reducing federal dollars for some communities.
Democrats seek documents in which some Census Bureau employees raised concerns prior to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross' decision. The department has briefed lawmakers on the decision and promised some records, but the Democrats say the response is inadequate.
The Democrats are asking Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, the committee's chairman, to issue a subpoena or bring the matter before the entire committee if he declines to issue it himself. They say the information is needed before a May committee hearing.
Have your say
Durham secured their first victory of the Northern Counties League campaign on Saturday, edging home against Northumberland at Westerhope.
Durham won four foursomes matches to get the ideal start.
Durham City's Andrew Bell and Gavin Nesbit teamed up for a 6&5 win, while Tyneside pair James Wilson and Kris Rae were 7&6 victors.
Stuart Brown (Castle Eden) and John Kennedy of Consett won 3&1, while Jamie Birkbeck (Bishop Auckland) and James Glenn of Brancepeth Castle triumphed 4&2 in the top match.
Durham lost the first three singles matches, but Glenn (two holes), Rae (3&2), Rockliffe Hall's James Rogers (2&1), Nesbit (one hole) and Bell (3&1) secured important victories, before a half from Kennedy in the final match ensured a 9.5-8.5 overall success.
Getty Image
Earvin “Magic” Johnson turned 58 years old on Monday, and the president of the Lakers received plenty of love from Laker nation and the rest of the NBA. Johnson is one of the league's most beloved figures and greatest players of all-time, so he got messages from around the league wishing him the best on his birthday.
Among those to wish Johnson the best and offer some brief thoughts on his greatness on and off the court were Dwyane Wade and Dominique Wilkins, who offered kind words about their long-standing relationships with the current Lakers boss.
Happy BDay to the GREAT @MagicJohnson thanks for being more than a basketball idol. Thanks for being a mentor 2 me when I was finding my way — DWade (@DwyaneWade) August 14, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — Advocates for District of Columbia statehood are making their annual pitch to members of Congress.
This year's "lobby day" organized by D.C. Vote comes amid an attempt by House Republicans to invalidate a local law. On Monday, a House committee voted in favor of a resolution that would strike down the District's new assisted-suicide law.
Congress hasn't invalidated a city law since 1991, and it's unlikely the House and Senate will vote on the resolution in time to stop doctor-assisted suicide from becoming legal. But Congress often finds other ways to block local policies that members don't like.
Supporters of statehood will be visiting House and Senate offices Wednesday, armed with talking points about how District residents are "second-class citizens" because they lack voting representation in Congress.
15 February 2017
Bayern Munich midfielder Xabi Alonso provides insights into his daily routine for Porsche Design Sport by adidas Today, the new Porsche Design Sport by adidas Spring/Summer 2017 campaign starring footballer Xabi Alonso was released with images and video where the Bayern Munich athlete provides insights into his daily routine such as drinking coffee with his wife actress Nagore Aranburu, driving the car, riding on the bicycle, or - like on view on the image right - during the training together with Nagore Aranburu in the streets of Munich, Germany. The outfits change with the various situations - from elegant leisure wear to protective high-performance jackets for cycling or running.
fig.: The image shows Xabi Alonso and Nagore Aranburu; Xabi Alonso wears the tailored, lightweight 'Reflective Jacket' with the all-over reflective hexagonal print (closer view) which can be found in Spring/Summer 2017 at several items of the Porsche Design Sport by adidas collection; above the reflective jacket, the water-repellent 'Padded Vest' in red, filled with PrimaLoft Gold insulation. At his legs, the running 'Seven-Eighth Tights' with reflective details and at the feet, the 'Endurance Leather 2.0' training shoe with Boost™ technology sole.
more motor>
This is what happens when there is a lull during the basketball playoff season. Chris Herring, for FiveThirtyEight, goes into full detail of the relatively high number of times Kevin Durant's shoe falls off during games:
All told, an extensive video analysis of Durant's games from the past three regular seasons and postseasons reveals that the four-time scoring champ has come out of his shoe at least 31 times since the beginning of the 2015-16 campaign. That number, compiled against 20 different NBA teams, equates to losing a sneaker roughly every eight games or so — a mind-bogglingly high figure considering that Durant has had his own signature Nike shoe, designed to fit the unique contours of his feet, dating back to 2008.
“His shoe comes off more than anyone I've ever seen,” says teammate Draymond Green.
The question, of course, is why.
Police in Florida are investigating an incident at a nightclub where a photographer said he was “sucker punched” by singer Chris Brown.
Tampa police spokesman Stephen Hegarty says 28-year-old Bennie Vines Jr. was hired by Aja Channelside to take photos during an event hosted by Brown.
Vines told officers that while he was snapping photos early Monday, Brown punched him. Brown was gone by the time officers arrived. Vines refused medical treatment and told officers he wants to prosecute because of a minor lip cut.
There's cellphone video footage of the incident, though the club is dark and the action is difficult to make out. According to TMZ, Brown is wearing the red shirt, while the man in yellow is his bodyguard.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Giannis Antetokounmpo made a driving layup with 1.9 seconds remaining after Jabari Parker chipped in with 12 points in his first game in nearly a year, lifting the Milwaukee Bucks over the New York Knicks 92-90 on Friday night.
Antetokounmpo, who sprained his left ankle late in Thursday night's loss to Minnesota, showed no ill effects and led all scorers with 29 points.
Parker hadn't played since tearing his left ACL on Feb. 8, 2017, in a game against Miami. He made 4 of 7 shots over nearly 15 minutes as a reserve.
Enes Kanter had 17 points and 18 rebounds to lead the Knicks, who were coming off a 103-73 loss to Boston on Wednesday night. Kristaps Porzingis also had 17 points.
Entering the fourth quarter tied at 74, the Bucks and Knicks continued their seesaw battle with neither team able to pull away. A layup by Antetokounmpo tied it at 90 with about two minutes remaining. After Tim Hardaway Jr. missed a pair of free throws for New York, Antetokounmpo failed to connect on a step-back jumper with 41.8 seconds left. After Kanter missed a layup, Antetokounmpo drove from the top of the key and made a spinning left-handed layup with 1.9 seconds remaining. After a Knicks timeout, Hardaway Jr. missed a desperation jumper at the horn.
The teams were tied at 55 at the half. Milwaukee got 13 points from Antetokounmpo and 12 from Parker, who played nearly 10 minutes in the first half. Kanter had 11 points and 10 rebounds.
Milwaukee got a much-needed spark from Parker in the first quarter. He scored seven points in just more than five minutes of action to help pull the Bucks within one point at the end of the quarter.
PLENTY OF PARKER
Parker's return comes at a critical juncture of the season, with the trade deadline looming next week and Milwaukee in the middle of the Eastern Conference playoff race. He entered the game with 5:25 remaining in the first quarter, replacing Antetokounmpo. He scored his first basket on a jumper from the right baseline a little more than one minute later.
The second overall pick of the 2014 draft out of Duke averaged career highs of 20.1 points and 6.2 rebounds in 51 games last year before the injury. Parker tore the same ACL in December 2014, halting his rookie campaign after 25 games.
“He's one of my best friends. I'm just happy to see him playing,” said Knicks forward Michael Beasley, who was Parker's teammate in Milwaukee.
TIP-INS
Knicks: Referees halted the game briefly in the first quarter so that Porzingis could be treated for a cut to his lip. … New York made 2 of 13 from deep in the first half. Porzingis and Hardaway Jr. were a combined 1 for 8. … The Knicks have played 16 of their last 20 games on the road. … Porzingis and Milwaukee's Sterling Brown were whistled for a double technical foul midway through the fourth.
Bucks: G Malcolm Brogdon is expected to miss six to eight weeks after being diagnosed with a partially torn left quadriceps tendon. Brogdon sustained the injury in the second quarter of Thursday night's game at Minnesota after a dunk and had to be helped off the court. “Finding out that he's going to be out for a couple of months kind of shocked me. Shocked all of us,” teammate D.J. Wilson said. … G Eric Bledsoe, who missed Thursday's game and played just three minutes Monday due to left ankle soreness, returned to action.
UP NEXT
Knicks: Host Atlanta on Sunday in the last of three regular-season meetings this season.
Bucks: At Brooklyn on Sunday. Milwaukee defeated the Nets 116-91 on Jan. 26.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Investors seem certain about this: The Federal Reserve is going to raise interest rates this week for the third time this year.
They're less sure about what the central bank might have in store for 2018, and they will look to Janet Yellen's final news conference as Fed chair Wednesday for any clues.
Will the Fed's policymaking change once Yellen steps down in February and is succeeded by Jerome Powell? Powell was a Yellen ally who backed her cautious stance toward rate hikes in his five years on the Fed's board. Yet no one can know how his leadership or rate policy might depart from hers.
What's more, Powell will be joined by several new Fed board members who, like him, are being chosen by President Donald Trump. Some analysts say they think that while Powell might not deviate much from Yellen's rate policy, he and the new board members will adopt a looser approach to the regulation of the banking system.
Most analysts have said they think the still-strengthening U.S. economy will lead the Fed to raise rates three more times next year. A few, though, have held out the possibility that a Powell-led Fed will be compelled to step up the pace of rate hikes as inflation finally picks up and the economy, perhaps helped by the Republican tax cuts, begins accelerating.
"While the Fed has been indicating that they will hike rates another three times in 2018, I think Powell will depart from that forecast and the Fed will end up hiking rates four times," said David Jones, chief economist at DMJ Advisors. "That is based on the added growth that will come from the tax cuts."
At his Senate confirmation hearing last month, Powell impressed his listeners as an evenhanded moderate who favored the kind of incremental stance on rate hikes that both Yellen and her predecessor, Ben Bernanke, embraced. The committee approved Powell's nomination and sent it to the full Senate, where his confirmation is considered certain.
Besides Powell, Trump has so far chosen two new members for the seven-member board. And he has the opening to nominate three more, including a Fed vice chair. In his view of the Fed, Trump has made clear that he favors low rates. But he has also expressed a desire to pull back on many of the regulations that were imposed on banks after the 2008 financial crisis. Trump and many Republicans argue that those regulations are too burdensome, especially for smaller banks.
It was in the midst of the 2008 crisis that the Fed cut its key rate to a record low near zero and left it there for seven years. Eventually under Yellen, the Fed responded to a steadily improving job market and economy by modestly raising the rate — in December 2015, in December 2016 and twice this year. Since June, the policymakers have left rates alone while puzzling over why inflation has slipped farther below their 2 percent annual target.
The widespread expectation that the Fed will raise rates three additional times next year — possibly causing higher rates on some consumer and business loans — comes from the Fed's so-called "dot plot." The dot plot, updated quarterly, displays the anonymous projections of individual Fed officials for the path of their benchmark rate as well as for inflation and economic growth. The dot plot, which the Fed will update when its policy meeting ends Wednesday, most recently showed an expectation of three rate increases in 2018.
In updating its projections, it's possible the Fed will take account of the likelihood that Congress will pass tax cuts and perhaps cause the economy to accelerate next year. In its latest survey, SIFMA, a lobbying group for the U.S. securities industry, found that 41 percent of its respondents foresee three rate hikes next year, 38 percent foresee two hikes and 17 percent expect four.
Brett Ryan, senior U.S. economist at Deutsche Bank Securities and chairman of SIFMA's economic advisory group, said his personal forecast was for four hikes because of the boost he expects from tax cuts.
"While the tax package is not a game changer, it does add more confidence that the Fed can keep going" with its rate increases, Ryan said.
He suggested, too, that the Fed's evolving committee of board members and regional bank presidents who set rates will tilt slightly toward "hawkish" officials — those who tend to worry more about the threat of higher inflation than about the need to further increase employment.
On Wednesday, at her final news conference as Fed chair, Yellen may feel at liberty to go further than usual in illuminating the Fed's outlook for the coming months.
"I would expect her to be more vocal about her beliefs," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University, Channel Islands. "This could be one of the more interesting press conferences she has given."
Others said they would be surprised if Yellen diverts from her usual cautious demeanor.
"Yellen gets to do a victory lap: She is going out with low unemployment and stronger growth," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at DS Economics. "But with just one month to go in her term, she doesn't want to do anything to undermine Jay Powell."
Our hospital source just kept repeating: “There are almost zero antibiotics, no surgical gowns, no internal sutures, no gauze, no hypertension meds, no chemotherapy. Hospitals don't have bed sheets, food or water.”
There's no soap. There's no air conditioning. In short, he said, performing surgery is like practicing battlefield medicine.
We were sitting at a hotel in a country that sits atop more oil than Saudi Arabia -- Venezuela. By all rights, Venezuela should be one of the world's wealthiest nations. But it's not.
Just a decade ago, Venezuela was renowned for pumping out oil and 13 titles for Miss Universe and Miss World, for being a plastic surgery mecca and culinary capital. It has since become the world's worst-performing economy, and watchdog groups say, Caracas the world's most dangerous city.
ABC News
The country is so broke that even its hospitals have ceased to function -- which was the reason we were having this late night meeting with a local resident who couldn't take it anymore.
In order to protect members of my team, I'm not going to mention their names. Our contact told us he'd drive us through the darkened streets to the city's struggling main hospital. As we navigated the eerily dark streets -- demarcated by hedgerows of trash, he reminded us that public hospitals in Venezuela had been militarized just days earlier.
We knew the government posted guards at the doors -- we were told to keep doctors and nurses from organizing, to prevent the influx of donations (which would have to be handed over to the military) and to keep reporters from wading into the sea of misery inside.
According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, the Venezuelan government detained scores of journalists in 2016. This has been a “clear attempt by the Venezuelan government to control the flow of information and to restrict dissent. This has been very problematic for journalists in order to report the news. Venezuela clearly ranks as one of the most repressive countries in the Western Hemisphere.” Venezuela also holds more than 2,000 political prisoners, according to the watchdog group Foro Penal.
Driving up to that hospital, we saw ghostly figures moving zombie-like in the dark. They were spilling out of the emergency room. When we parked on a darkened drive, we saw figures slumped in the shadows. We were told they were family members of those hospitalized trying to sleep in shrubbery and concrete benches.
At the hospital's entrance, there was a desk with a security guard and a droopy-eyed cop from the National Police -- his 9 mm pistol and extended ammunition clip jutting from his hip. The officer looked like a kid to me, with a mouth full of braces, hair that was spiked and gelled and bad posture. He half-raised an eyelid when I walked past the security check, but otherwise remained statue still.
Inside, it was basically a dormitory for the dying.
We made our way to the pediatric critical care unit. There we found a 4-year-old named Jonaical with a swollen abdomen, whose mother led us to his bedside. He had been waiting for tests for two months, his mother said. In the meantime, she and the other mothers there had to provide their children and themselves with everything but the IV drips. Everything including the bedding.
It wasn't always this way. Venezuela's public health system used to provide some of the best free health care in Latin America, beefed up by a small army of Cuban doctors.
After we had spoken to some of the mothers, our guide told us we had to move. On the way out we stopped at the packed waiting room -- full of desperate parents.
One mother kneeled by the inert form of her son, hands seemingly clasped in prayer. Suddenly loud voices broke that pieta -- an officer pointed at me. The security guard made a beeline for me. I flowed with the crowd towards the exit. But another cop had me.
The guards quickly surrounded me and told me to hand over the GoPro camera and my iPhone.
I told them I was shooting a story about sick children but they insisted we come with them.
Clearly me being a “gringo,” as they kept calling me, made them wary. After some time, I was taken outside to a supervisor's office.
A pickup truck full of additional officers arrived. I was briefly cuffed when they found my mic pack. An officer asked which hand I wrote with -- then cuffed it. They began ordering me to sign a report that they had compiled.
I knew being cuffed was a dangerous sign and demanded a call to the U.S. Embassy. After a quick discussion, they unlocked me.
I later learned it only worked because the system is geared toward denying the detained and they arrested their rights -- meaning they could unlawfully detain someone as long as they didn't officially “arrest them.” They ordered me onto the flatbed of a pickup and drove me 20 minutes away to police headquarters.
Along with seven cops, I was stuffed into a room. A few officers and I stood. After a couple of hours, one of them brought in a truck dipstick -- yes, the kind you use to check your oil, and began tapping it against his hand.
Yet, I think, this time being a “gringo” may have helped. Had I been a Venezuelan I might have been roughed up or worse.
The officers were obsessed with the gear, the GoPro, my phone and the mic pack. They didn't know they could easily access the GoPro. I refused to give them access to the phone.
Unlike so many other reporters caught in similar situations, I knew I had the backing of one of the largest news organizations. I had seen the ABC News machine roll into action before on behalf of its other reporters. And I knew, implicitly, that hopefully, in a short while the company would be alerted.
The room was frigid -- because despite it being cool outside, having the AC on full blast was one of the benefits of living in a country where energy is nearly free.
What followed were hours of browbeating and intimidation -- one of the cops that had handcuffed me earlier kept miming clasping one hand over the wrist of his other hand and then wagging his finger at me. He was basically saying, "you're going to jail."
They kept telling me, 'you are in big trouble.' They would likely have to call SEBIN -- the dreaded secret police -- unless I cooperated fully. But as morning approached their behavior began to change.
Suddenly they started talking about a deal. The ringleader of the officers began an hours-long lecture justifying bribe taking. He said that on his $30-a-month salary, corruption was the only way to survive. He had a wife and 2-year-old son. It was hard to make ends meet. He almost fell off his chair when I told him that in the U.S. there's very little corruption in law enforcement. He also expressed shock at how infrequently (compared to his experience) American officers are gunned down.
In fact, Venezuela is one of the most dangerous countries in the world to be police officer. It's also a place where the vast majority of officers are poor and grossly overworked. One of my guards slept outside the door folded like a laptop, another one passed out on a patch of cardboard on the floor inside the fetid bathroom.
I eventually was made to understand that the various officers concocted this together. They wanted a bribe. They said they could spring me and make all of this go away for $3,000. Then a few hours later it became $5,000 -- a huge amount of money in today's Venezuela. The price went up because by now it was morning. I heard reveille called outside.
The first reports leaked by police to reporters about 12 hours later, said that we had been robbed and that they were helping us file a report.
They began coaching me -- giving “tips” on what to tell their higher-ups. But it turned out that even the highest ranking officers were in on it, too. At least one of those higher ranking officers even directed them to cook the official documents so that I'd seem less “suspicious.”
Again, the “crime” was trying to tell the truth about the suffering in a country these very officers kept telling us was a hellhole. It was at this point that mug shots were taken.
After an hours-long questioning by the police chief, he ordered a group picture. Assembling all the higher ranking officers and the arresting officers to mug with the “gringo." Then he handed me over to the secret police.
They were far more professional and far more terrifying. They drove me to another base, and kept me waiting for hours.
Like any TV reporter I had been wearing a mic wire. It had been hooked up to the mic pack. Early on that first night, thinking a simple mea culpa and profuse apology would defuse the situation, I had stuffed it into my underwear. But now that I knew the police were handing us over to the SEBIN I feared we'd be subjected to body searches. I had to get rid of the wire. So I asked to go to one of the fetid bathrooms. I stuffed the wire down the gullet of the toilet as far as my hand would reach -- fearing that the plumbing would spit it back up. Luckily, it stayed down.
After 24 hours of detention, I was finally fed at the intelligence base. But right across from the chair where the intelligence agents has deposited me was what the agents called their “dungeon.” It was six feet from the seat I would inhabit for most of the next three days -- it was about 30 inches wide. All I saw were bony knees and hands sticking out. The men slept on mats on the floor, feet to face. The secret police required their families (in a country where food is desperately short) to provide all their meals -- so their food was stacked, stinking in the heat, in the front of the cell.
After that first day, I ate meals in a whitewashed hut next to the “dungeon.” I tried talking to the men -- but was told by our guards to be quiet and keep moving. There is no system of bail in Venezuela. I was told some of the men I saw had been languishing without trial in that dank, dark corridor for two years.
On the second day there, a commissioner reportedly in charge of spying on millions of Venezuelans came in. He didn't introduce himself, but just started talking to me. He asked if I was CIA, or if I'd ever been a Marine.
My response: "Look at me! I'm 5-foot-8. I'm half a Marine!" They laughed.
He then asked why I was caught snooping around a “sensitive installation.”
“A hospital is a sensitive installation?” I asked.
“It is in Venezuela,” acknowledged the chief candidly, “mostly because of the political situation. There are many forces trying to destabilize this country.”
The agents had pored through my internet and Twitter history. They would come to question me every time they found something new. Perhaps as a form of intimidation, they told me they knew who my mother and father were. They got my mother right but not my father, who died in a 1990 plane crash.
They seemed most concerned by my reporting from other countries -- particularly Russia. The irony is that while I've covered conflict zones from Afghanistan to Iraq to Syria, in Russia I solely reported on the Olympics.
Clearly, I'm not a spy. And I think after a just a day together the secret police believed that I was who I am: a reporter for ABC News.
Like the vast majority of detainees, I was denied my right to a phone call or contact with the outside world. I was told that if they chose to keep me there indefinitely, they could easily do so. It didn't require much imagination: since the men in the dungeon sat less than six feet away from me.
I'd heard the horror stories about hundreds of people locked away in the intelligence agency's dungeons. That's what they are doing right now to another American -- Joshua Holt. He's in a jail in Caracas beneath the secret police's headquarters dubbed "La Tumba," The Tomb.
Perhaps the most astounding thing about being a detainee of the agency whose official role is ensuring the survival of the socialist Bolivarian revolution was the class structure there. The higher ups dressed meticulously in conspicuously branded clothes -- Hugo Boss, Polo and Izod etc. The mid-level guys had brands like Jeep, and Bass Pro shops. The rank-and-file had no brand names.
As ostentatious as their clothes -- their gadgetry. High-level officials all had iPhone7s, which had just come out in the U.S. -- phones worth nearly five times the yearly salary of police.
Some of the young agents tasked with watching me confided that they signed up for the benefits. One had been a physical therapist for five years. Another had finished law school. Everyone told me they needed the perks and the food offered by being part of the elite establishment.
I spent the next 20 hours in Venezuela shuttled from Valencia to the Caracas headquarters of the SEBIN. At one point, I was cuffed for five hours -- partly because the intelligence agents refused to coordinate with the U.S. Embassy.
Finally, I was sent to the arrivals hall with an entourage of 10 officers. I took possession of my passport only when I boarded the plane. I had the clothes on my back, but unlike so many others, I had what I valued most -- my freedom.
Once I got home, I got in touch with Joshua Holt's mother. She has never stopped fighting for him. February 19th will mark eight months since his arrest and detention.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — Mexican drug lord and escape artist Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman wants to hire new lawyers in his U.S. drug trafficking case, but there are questions about how they'll get paid.
Guzman is set to appear Monday in federal court in Brooklyn where a judge is expected to address questions about whether he can replace his public defense lawyers with private ones.
His current legal team has asked for assurances from prosecutors that if he hires the private lawyers, the government won't later seek forfeiture of any legal fees based on arguments the money came from his estimated $14 billion in drug profits.
Prosecutors have argued that taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for his defense. But they also said in a letter to the court last week that the government will not “grant a blanket prospective assurance” that it won't go after money spent on a private defense.
One of the private lawyers seeking to represent Guzman successfully defended John “Junior” Gotti, son of the notorious organized crime family boss, at a 2005 trial. The younger Gotti walked free after an acquittal on a securities fraud count and a mistrial on more serious racketeering counts.
In phone interviews with The Associated Press last week, the lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman, said he's more concerned about getting the court to sign off on the change of lawyers than about legal fees.
“I'm going into the case regardless,” Lichtman said.
As for his impressions of Guzman, “He is charming, funny, highly intelligent. I enjoyed getting to know him. … I don't judge someone by what I read in the papers.”
Mexico extradicted Guzman in January to the U.S., where he pleaded not guilty to charges that his drug trafficking operation, the Sinaloa cartel, laundered billions of dollars and oversaw a ruthless campaign of murders and kidnappings.
The defense has claimed that he's being held in inhumane and overly restrictive conditions at a high-security jail in Manhattan known for housing alleged mobsters and terrorists.
The government has argued that his strict jail conditions are appropriate for someone who escaped from prison twice in Mexico, including once through a mile-long tunnel dug to the shower in his cell. Prosecutors said that even while he was behind bars in Mexico, Guzman used coded messages, bribes and other means to control his Sinaloa cartel and orchestrate his breakouts.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
New Electoral Commission figures… the Tories spent £7.5 million more than Labour last June and still lost their majority:
Conservatives: £18,565,102 Labour: £11,003,980 LibDems: £6,788,316 SNP: £1,623,127 Green Party: £299,352 Women's Equality Party: £285,662 UKIP: £273,104
The Tories, Labour and Greens are under investigation for submitting spending returns that were missing invoices and for submitting potentially inaccurate statements of payments made. Remoaners Best for Britain are under investigation for submitting a spending return that was missing invoices and not returning a £25,000 donation from an impermissible donor…
Imogene M. Reynolds Dawson of Granbury passed away Friday, February 10, at the home of her daughter.
Memorial service: 10:00 AM, Saturday, February 18, 2017, Wiley Funeral Home Chapel, Granbury.
Inurnment: Acton Cemetery, Acton, Texas.
Imogene M. Dawson was born September 7, 1926, to the late Roy C. Reynolds and Zula M. Miller-Reynolds on the family farm in Waples, Hood County, Texas. After her family moved to Fort Worth during the depression years, she was married to the boy next door, Eugene Dawson, for 68 years. She was a loving daughter, sister, wife, mother and grandmother. Imogene loved spending time with her family. She was preceded in death by her parents, husband: Eugene D. Dawson, sisters: Bernice Keefer, Aliene Houston, and Earline Copeland, grandson, David L. Dawson, and great grandson, David H. Dawson.
Survivors: Sons, Errol and Roy Dawson; daughter, Merlene Dawson; sisters Pauline Campbell, and Beatrice Haggard, nine grandchildren; twelve great grandchildren; eight great great grandchildren; and many nieces, nephews and friends.
Wiley Funeral Homemade arrangements.
Looking for a great way to entertain the kids over the summer without breaking a sweat or the bank? The Cinemark Cinema 4 movie theater here in Big Spring is putting on the Summer Movie Clubhouse program, providing movies for the whole family to enjoy all summer long at a very cost effective price.
Starting Tuesday, June 5, Cinemark Cinema 4 in Big Spring will have a 10 a.m. showing of a variety of PG movies. The showings will take place every Tuesday morning at 10 a.m. through August 7, 2018. There will only be one showing per Tuesday during the summer program.
For the full story and additional details, please see Monday's edition of the Herald.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). On this Tuesday, Jan. 30, 2018, photo, Grace Ochoa, of Performance Food Service, right, talks with a job applicant at a JobNewsUSA job fair in Miami Lakes, Fla. On Friday, Feb. 2, the U.S. government issues the January jobs rep...
By CHRISTOPHER RUGABER
AP Economics Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - Pay raises, the U.S. economy's Achilles' heel in its long recovery from the Great Recession, finally showed signs of accelerating last month - a trend that fanned inflation fears and sent bond yields rising and stocks sinking.
Wages grew in January from a year ago at the fastest pace in eight years, evidence that low unemployment is forcing some employers to pay more to keep or attract workers. The question is whether the gains will endure and spread throughout the economy.
U.S. employers added a robust 200,000 jobs in January, and the unemployment rate stayed at a low 4.1 percent for the fourth straight month, the Labor Department said Friday. But investors saw the wage growth as cause for concern. Higher pay could help swell inflation and spur the Federal Reserve to quicken its pace of interest rate increases in coming months.
The 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.83 percent, from 2.79 percent before the jobs report was released. And the Dow Jones industrial average tumbled 666 points, or 2.5 percent, partly on the prospect of sharply higher rates and partly on poor earnings reports from Google's parent company Alphabet, Exxon Mobil and Chevron.
"Everyone has been rooting for wage growth, but be careful what you wish for," said Josh Wright, chief economist at recruiting software company iCIMS.
Still, the jobs data point to an economy on solid footing, fueled by strong consumer spending and global growth. After nearly eight years of steady hiring, employers are increasingly competing for a narrower pool of workers. Raises stemming from Republican tax cuts and minimum wage increases in 18 states also likely boosted pay last month.
"Labor is becoming scarce, and employers have to work to find, retain and train employees," Diane Swonk, chief economist at Grant Thornton, said. "This is new for many employers."
Many economists credit the Fed's low-rate policies, including the measured pace of rate increases under Chair Janet Yellen, with stimulating enough growth to bolster hiring and wages. Yellen will be succeeded as Fed chair on Monday by Jerome Powell, a former investment banker and Fed governor.
In January, average hourly pay rose 9 cents to $26.74, up 2.9 percent from a year earlier - the biggest gain since the recession ended eight years ago.
S.B. Cha, CEO of Kinestral, a company that makes high-tech windows that can be dimmed to reduce or block sunlight, said he has had to offer higher pay to attract new electrical and software engineers. Cha has ambitious plans to double his 130-person staff within two years.
But it's difficult to find enough workers in San Francisco, where the company is based, so he transferred its cloud computing operations to Salt Lake City. Yet now even Salt Lake City is becoming competitive. As a small company, Kinestral used to pay roughly 60 percent of what tech giants like Google paid. Now, Cha says, it has to pay closer to 80 percent and in some cases 90 percent.
"Every year, hiring gets tougher and tougher," Cha said.
Unemployment among African-Americans surged back up in January to 7.7 percent after having reached a record low of 6.8 percent in December. President Donald Trump, in his State of the Union and other recent speeches, had boasted of the low rate for African-Americans.
Average hourly pay jumped 3.4 percent in the past year in transportation and warehousing, which has benefited from the explosive growth of e-commerce. That's partly been driven by the online giant Amazon, which went on a hiring rampage last year, expanding its workforce by a breathtaking 66 percent - 225,000 jobs. That's more than the entire manufacturing industry added last year.
Still, factories enjoyed a good year and raised pay an average 3.3 percent. Leisure and hospitality firms, which include restaurants and hotels, increased pay 3.5 percent.
Restaurant cooks received the largest salary increase in the past year among the 84 occupations the company tracks, according to pay data compiled by Glassdoor, a job listing website.
With Americans more confident and spending more, restaurants are adding jobs and lifting wages. The industry added 31,000 jobs last month.
"We are finally seeing signs of a 'feel good' economy emerging with consumers able to kick up their heels again," Swonk said.
A measure of hourly wages that excludes managers rose 2.4 percent over the past year, more slowly than the broader figure. That suggests that managers and supervisors have received the biggest benefits.
Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan Chase, notes that very cold weather could have temporarily boosted pay last month. Frontline construction workers might have stayed home during the cold spell, cutting into their pay, while salaried supervisors would have been paid either way.
But most economists think wage gains will keep rising. Walmart said in January that it would raise its minimum wage to $11 an hour, from $10, starting this month.
Cathy Barrera, chief economist at ZipRecruiter, said the low unemployment rate is bestowing other benefits on workers. Employers are hiring more people on a permanent full-time basis.
The number of part-time workers who would prefer full-time jobs has fallen nearly 15 percent in the past year. And temporary hiring has been flat for two months.
Jennifer Fitzgerald, CEO of Policygenius, an online insurance marketplace, is so desperate for workers that her New York City-based company is buying advertising on the New York subway and on San Francisco commuter trains.
The ads are intended in part to raise awareness among potential recruits. Policygenius recruiters also look for companies that are moving out of New York, or who have laid off workers and scour LinkedIn for potential hires from those companies.
"These are the kinds of creative strategies you need," Fitzgerald said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) - The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe (all times local):
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of her ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of her department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if she claims any credit for her ministry she should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
Getty Image
Jeremy Lin wanted to get some feedback on his dreadlocks, and Kenyon Martin went ahead and gave it to him. The former NBA player lashed out at Lin in a video earlier this week after Lin debuted his new hairstyle and addressed cultural appropriation in a post on The Players' Tribune.
Martin said Lin wanted to “be black” by sporting the look.
“Do I need to remind this boy his last name Lin?” Martin asked. “Like, come on man. Let's stop it with these people. There is no way possible he would've made it on one of our teams with that bullsh*t on his head. Come on man, somebody need to tell him, like, ‘alright bro, we get it. You wanna be black.' Like, we get it. But your last name is Lin.'
Opposition MK and Yesh Atid party leader Yair Lapid expressed his hope that the investigation against Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu will be completed quickly at a Yesh Atid faction meeting Monday.
"The Prime Minister will be questioned tonight. I wish for him and his family, and I wish for the State of Israel, that it will become clear that there was nothing wrong with his behavior. If two prime ministers in a row fall because of corruption it will be very difficult to restore public confidence in the government. I would like to remind the opposition that the presumption of innocence applies to all people in Israel, surely even to the Prime Minister. However, for the benefit of the State of Israel it should be very fast." Lapid said.
Lapid expressed concern that a drawn out investigation could prevent Netanyahu from performing his duties as Prime Minister. "We cannot afford for what happened with the Olmert investigations to happen here. We must not sink months and months into investigations. It cannot be that instead of sitting with the heads of the Mossad, the Shin Bet, the Chief of Staff and the Finance Minister, the Prime Minister would [instead] spend all his time meeting with lawyers as he prepares for the investigation, and then with investigators when he answers questions."
"A man who is under investigation is a man who is under pressure. It is natural and understandable." Lapid added. "Only the Prime Minister must be concerned with other matters, not on proving his innocence. I call on all parties, from the Prime Minister's Office to the office of the Attorney General: Let's get on with it without delay. Take all the hours you need at the start. Take a whole day if necessary. [Just] let the investigators discover the truth as quickly as possible."
Don't book your tickets or hotel for this year's Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco
After 20 years, Intel is scrapping its marquee annual Intel Developer Forum event, where tech enthusiasts gathered to load up on the chipmaker's news and technologies.
IDF started off in 1997 as a small event in Palm Springs, California. The show was later moved to San Francisco and vastly expanded during a boom in the PC market.
But with the PC market slowing down, the attraction of IDF has also dwindled. Intel's future isn't tied to PCs but instead to areas like data centers, autonomous cars, modems, the internet of things, and manufacturing.
Last year, IDF events were held in San Francisco and Beijing, and neither will happen this year. An event was scheduled this year from Aug. 15 to 17 in San Francisco, according to a calendar for Moscone Convention Center, but it has been canceled.
In lieu of IDF, Intel will instead hold small events, workshops, and participate in trade shows to highlight its technologies and connect with customers. Intel has a big presence every year at shows like CES, Computex, and Mobile World Congress.
Apple iPhone launches in the past have upstaged IDF San Francisco. From 2012 to 2014, iPhone launches around the time of IDF became the main topic of conversation on the show floor.
In 2011, IDF clashed with Microsoft's Build Conference being held in Anaheim, California, and Windows 8, Windows RT, and ARM chips were part of the conversation at Intel's show.
To avoid a clash with Apple's iPhone launches and other shows like TechCrunch Disrupt, Intel eventually moved IDF to mid-August in 2015.
Major PC, chip, and data-center announcements were a staple of the show, but such announcements have dwindled in the last few years.
Over the final years, IDF started losing its technical edge and became more of a marketing vehicle for the company as it expanded into wearables, drones, cool gadgets, and other devices. The company used the show to send a message that it was more than a technology company.
Intel in 2013 scrapped a popular third-day opening keynote by former CTO Justin Rattner, who showed off future-looking technologies like a solar-powered PC. It was replaced by keynotes that didn't touch on deep technology.
Privately, attendees grumbled that Intel was losing its core audience of engineers and technology specialists with its grand show of cool devices.
Intel will be able to connect to developers via trade shows and workshops, which are more targeted, a company spokeswoman said.
In February of 2015, Israel's ambassador to the United States, Ron Dermer, was going through a rough period. Amid a contentious election in Israel, the Obama administration accused him of conspiring with Republican leaders on Capitol Hill to arrange an invitation for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to deliver a controversial speech on Obama's diplomatic outreach to Iran before both houses of Congress, only 14 days before Israelis were set to go to the polls. Administration officials claimed that Dermer knew for two weeks that then-Speaker of the House John Boehner had invited Netanyahu to give a speech on this issue, yet didn't share the information with anyone in the administration, leading to a situation in which they learned about it from the media. Democratic members of Congress lined up to boycott Netanyahu's speech, and the Israeli opposition, capitalizing on the mess to improve its election prospects, blamed Dermer and Netanyahu for damaging the U.S.-Israel relationship.
Recommended: Why Flynn's Resignation Matters
As these events unfolded, rumors began circulating in the halls of the Knesset that Dermer was not long for Washington. “Whatever happens in the election,” one Likud minister told me at the time, “I don't see how Dermer can stay the ambassador after everything that's happened.” The notion that Dermer had become persona non grata in the Obama White House and a partisan actor in the eyes of many Democrats prevailed, despite constant denials from the Israeli Embassy. Perhaps the only person in the Israeli government who refused to accept it was Netanyahu. “Ron is an excellent ambassador. … I see no reason to end his term in Washington,” he said at the time. Netanyahu went on to win the election, and stayed true to his word: Dermer remained his man in Washington, and there are no signs that he'll be leaving any time soon.
When Netanyahu arrives at the White House for his first meeting with President Donald Trump on Wednesday, even some of his strongest critics will agree that, at least for now, his bet on Dermer paid off. In a town where every foreign diplomat is scrambling to gain access to Trump's inner circle, Dermer, according to recent reports, has already developed a close relationship with senior members of the Trump White House—most notably Jared Kushner, the president's Jewish son-in-law and senior adviser. Dermer also met with members of Trump's transition team at Trump Tower in Manhattan just days after the election, and also participated in Trump's meeting with the head of Israel's Mossad agency in December.
Dan Meridor, a former senior Cabinet member in two of Netanyahu's governments, told me that he “did not like the confrontational approach” of Netanyahu and Dermer toward President Obama—but that now, with Trump in power, Netanyahu might need Dermer, whom he considers brilliant, more than ever. “This is an unexpected administration. No one knows what their plans are and how they want to execute them. So obviously, having access to his senior advisers … is something that any leader would like to have right now,” Meridor said. But he also added a note of caution. “I've seen reports saying he is very close to Jared Kushner. In any other administration, I'd immediately tell you that's a great thing. With this administration, it's harder to tell, because it's not clear which people truly have the most influence,” he said.
Recommended: Why Trump's Foreign Policy Will Remain Dysfunctional
Still, an open line to Kushner is better than what many of Dermer's colleagues currently enjoy, four weeks into the Trump administration. “As a veteran ambassador that enjoys the trust of Israel's prime minister and the close circle of the president, I would anticipate that he will play a pivotal role in building a strong, rich dialogue between the two administrations,” Josh Block, the CEO of The Israel Project, a pro-Israel organization based in Washington, told me. Indeed, Netanyahu seems to trust Dermer blindly. When the Israeli Cabinet convened last week to discuss a controversial piece of legislation to retroactively legalize illegal settlement outposts in the West Bank, Netanyahu told the ministers present that he doesn't want to make any decisions before he has a chance to speak about the matter with Dermer.
More than a dozen dogs have been seized from an unlicensed breeder in Pennsylvania after animal officials received word that dogs there were being illegally debarked.
Officers from the Pennsylvania SPCA removed 15 dogs from the breeder in Lancaster County on Thursday after a "concerned citizen" alerted staff on the tip line, Gillian Kocher, director of the Pennsylvania SPCA's public relations, told ABC News.
Three adult dogs -- a Siberian Husky named Rosella and two Doberman Pinschers -- were found to have undergone the procedure, which involves pushing a pipe or long object down the dog's throat "multiple times to damage the vocal cords," Kocher said. The person who alerted the Pennsylvania SPCA had voiced concerns that the adult female husky had recently been debarked, according to a press release.
Pennsylvania SPCA
The two Doberman Pinschers hat been debarked "sometime in the past," according to the Pennsylvania SPCA.
Pennsylvania SPCA
Debarking, or devocalization, is illegal in the state of Pennsylvania "for any reason unless the procedure is performed by a licensed veterinarian using anesthesia," the release states.
In addition to the dogs that had been debarked, officers confiscated an adult Doberman Pinscher, an adult German Shepherd, and 10 puppies, including seven weeks-old Doberman Pinschers and a 3-month-old Siberian Husky puppy. The adult German Shepherd was found to be pregnant.
Pennsylvania SPCA
Pennsylvania SPCA
The dogs are in PSPCA's custody and will be placed in "loving homes or partner rescues" after they receive medical attention.
The PSPCA is investigating and plans on pressing charges, it said.
"The manner in which these dogs were devocalized is concerning on many levels, not the least of which is that it is illegal,” said Nicole Wilson, PSPCA Director of Humane Law Enforcement. "These animals were debarked because it was a nuisance, and the inhumane manner in which the act was carried out can carry a felony charge. We will continue our investigation and press charges to the fullest extent allowed by the law in an effort to ensure this never happens again."
This article has been written and supplied with permission from Jari Smith, a 96five community contributor.
For many of us, Christmas is something we genuinely look forward to and find joy in. Reading the story of the first Christmas, spending time with family, exchanging gifts, and of course, eating more than we normally would on any other day.
The lead up to Christmas is also part of the fun. Christmas trees, peppermint candy canes, and God's second best gift to us (Ferrero Rochers), are a given in most local shopping centres and in some of our homes.
But Christmas can be a time where our community's most vulnerable people can feel like there's no place for them. There are quite possibly many reasons why someone would feel out of place at Christmas.
First, those who have limited family or friends may feel like they are imposing themselves if they attempt connection at this time (or any other time). Christmas can be a harsh reminder of a day that, quite simply, brings more anxiety than joy for them.
Secondly, those who are homeless are reminded for almost 4 months of the year that Christmas is a time for having family over and eating home cooked meals in abundance, thanks to early advertising.
Thirdly, there are struggling families who cannot get their children something substantial for Christmas. And even though a lot of us can agree that children don't need expensive gifts, we can't deny the pressure put on parents in this matter.
It isn't a bad thing that Christmas is a time for family and celebrating Christ. In fact, it's excellent! And I secretly LOVE that I can start Christmas shopping in September.
It's also okay that our society in general is quite busy, and Christmas is no exception to this. But being aware of those around us who may be anxious of the day we hold sacred, and showing love in small ways whenever we think of it can make a difference.
So, how can we give hope and joy to others this Christmas? Here are a few small ideas that can make a difference in other people's lives –
If someone at the shops strikes up a conversation with you, have a chat with them. They may be feeling lonely and this chat could make their day. (You don't have to let a salesman perfect their sales pitch on you, though!) Also, if you stop for a mini break on the chairs in the middle of the shops (thank you, chairs!) and someone sits next to you – say hi!
If someone says that they don't like Christmas, don't minimise their feelings. Accept that this season can be hard and, if you have the time, listen to their feelings about Christmas. The more understanding we have of each other, the more compassion we can show.
If you are hosting a Christmas lunch or dinner, invite one or two extra people over. This may not be financially viable for some (the holidays can stretch the budget), but if it's possible and you know someone who will be spending Christmas alone, invite them over. Bonus points if you have a small gift for them! Note: if you can't have anyone extra over for Christmas day, offer to have the person over for coffee another day soon after.
Send Christmas cards to everyone in your street. Well wishes can mean a lot when it isn't just an expectation.
Christmas is an absolutely miraculous time. The birth of Jesus is to be celebrated for all its glory. And we should never apologise for loving this time of year. Let's not keep our celebrations to ourselves or just to our nuclear families. Let's blow someone away with our kindness and generosity, and our witness as Christians. Let someone know God's heart for them.
God bless!
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Another 1,965 people in eastern Kentucky could lose their federal benefits because of a disgraced attorney who made millions by bribing judges and doctors to OK disability checks for his clients.
The Social Security Administration plans to notify nearly 2,000 people in eastern Kentucky that they will have to defend their status in court. All of them are connected to Eric Conn, a flamboyant attorney who billed himself as "Mr. Social Security" in television ads before his empire crumbled beneath the weight of a federal investigation. About half of those new cases involve Conn and a convicted former administrative law judge, according to Social Security Administration Acting Press Officer Mark Hinkle.
Hinkle said the new cases were identified by the Office of the Inspector General in November. U.S. Rep. Hal Rogers' office said notifications will go out soon, but in a piecemeal fashion instead of all at once. People affected will have a hearing before an administrative law judge to determine if they can keep their benefits. People will have at least 30 days to gather evidence and hire attorneys. Disability payments will continue throughout the redetermination process.
These new batch of cases is in addition to the 1,800 cases associated with Conn's law practice the federal government has already reviewed. Some of them have sued the government seeking to stop those redetermination hearings. That case is pending in federal court.
"It is heartbreaking to witness the tragic impact that Eric C. Conn's fraud scheme continues to have on the lives of people living in Eastern Kentucky," Rogers said. "While I appreciate notification from the Social Security Administration, I question the need for additional redetermination hearings while litigation is still pending in the federal court system."
Beginning in May 2015, the federal government suspended benefits for hundreds of eastern Kentuckians associated with Conn, prompting panic in one of the poorest regions of the country heavily dependent on those checks. The government eventually restored those benefits until each person could have a hearing, but not before a few people killed themselves in what family members said was caused by the stress of losing their checks.
Eventually, 1,800 people had their cases reviewed and 1,500 had redetermination hearings. Of those 1,800 initial cases, about 53 percent kept their benefits "received favorable or partially favorable decisions," Hinkle said.
Those hearings took more than a year to resolve. Nearly all of the people involved could not afford attorneys, prompting a nationwide search for lawyers who could represent them for free. Robert Johns, executive director of AppalRed Legal Aid, said 136 lawyers volunteered, including 59 from Kentucky.
"We thought we were done with that," Johns said of those initial 1,800 cases. "We're going to likely be gearing up for the same kind of effort to try to get these (new) folks some help."
Conn pleaded guilty to federal charges last year. But just before he was supposed to be sentenced, Conn removed his electronic monitoring bracelet and fled. He led state and federal authorities on a chase for six months before he was captured in December at a Pizza Hut in Honduras. He's now back in custody in Kentucky, where he faces more charges.
Ned Pillersdorf, an eastern Kentucky attorney who has represented several of Conn's former clients, said he worried about the impact this second round of notices will have on the region.
"This will hit eastern Kentucky like a nuclear bomb," he said.
Instagram/zmane2
Dwyane Wade and LeBron James may never play together again after a disappointing half-season together in Cleveland last year, but it's possible that their children will one day share the NBA court either as teammates or foes.
LeBron James Jr. has been tearing up the AAU circuit and will be suiting up for high school ball next year, and could very well be one of the first players in the next class of preps-to-pros stars if the expected timeline for the NBA getting rid of one-and-done holds true. While Bronny's been in the spotlight a lot this summer over speculation about where he'll play high school ball and for attempting his first dunk in a game recently, Dwyane Wade's son Zaire is likely even closer to heading to the Association.
Zaire is 16 years old, and he's already showing a lot of the qualities you'd want to see in a young guard, from his handles to his perimeter shooting, which is better than his dad's was at that stage. On Tuesday, Zaire played with Andre Drummond and Hassan Whiteside in the Miami Pro-Am against a team that had Tim Hardaway Jr., and little Flash gave THJ some buckets.
MADRID (AP) — Valencia doesn't have fond memories of the last time it faced Barcelona in the Copa del Rey.
The teams met two years ago in the semifinals, with Valencia losing 7-0 in the first leg at Camp Nou Stadium. It couldn't manage more than a 1-1 draw against Barcelona's second-stringers in the return match.
The teams meet again in the last four this season, but things have changed considerably for Valencia since that embarrassing defeat.
"It's true that two years ago it was an awkward result, very unpleasant," Valencia striker Rodrigo said. "But since then we have competed well against them, and even defeated them. We will prepare by giving a lot of importance to this match."
The first leg is Thursday at Camp Nou, with the return match next week at Mestalla Stadium.
Valencia was reeling when it faced Barcelona two seasons ago, sitting not far from the relegation zone in the Spanish league and being under pressure after a series of poor performances. Fans were not happy with then-coach Gary Neville, who was struggling in his first head-coaching job.
Now Valencia is in a much better situation under coach Marcelino Garcia Toral, being considered the season's top sensation. It is third in the league standings, and not long ago it was fighting with Barcelona for the top spot. It won nine straight matches early in the season.
Valencia is coming off two league losses, against Las Palmas and defending champion Real Madrid, and it needed a penalty shootout to advance past Alaves in the Copa del Rey quarterfinals. But good performances in recent matches against Barcelona give Toral and his players confidence going into the semifinals.
"We have been playing well against Barcelona and we have had our chances of winning matches," Rodrigo said. "We have to play knowing that it's not going to be a normal 90-minute match in the league. There will be another 90-minute match to be played at Mestalla. We have to work hard so we can be prepared."
Valencia drew 1-1 at home when the teams played in the league earlier this season. After the 7-0 defeat, Valencia lost only two of its five matches against Barcelona, winning 2-1 at Camp Nou in a league game in 2016.
Barcelona has been on a level of its own this season, leading Atletico Madrid by 11 points in the Spanish league. It is 17 points ahead of Valencia and 19 points in front of fourth-place Real Madrid, which has a game in hand.
Messi and Suarez are thriving, having combined to score at least a goal each in seven of Barcelona's last eight matches. Messi is the league's leading scorer with 20 goals, followed by Suarez with 16.
And the team's attack is being boosted by Brazilian playmaker Philippe Coutinho, who is coming off his first start in the Spanish league this weekend.
"In the beginning of the season it didn't look like Barcelona was going to do well, but it has been playing at an incredible level right now," Rodrigo said. "We need to have the same mentality that we had when we competed well against Barcelona in the league. We will have to play our own game."
Barcelona is a three-time defending champion in the Copa del Rey.
Leganes hosts Sevilla in the first leg of the other semifinal match on Wednesday. Sevilla eliminated Atletico Madrid in the quarterfinals, while and Leganes beat Real Madrid.
___
More AP Spanish soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LaLiga
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
Two women spoke out publicly on Monday, accusing actor Steven Seagal of sexually assaulting them when they were in their teens.The two women, Regina Simons and Faviola Dadis, gave their accounts of the alleged incidents during a news conference alongside their attorney, Lisa Bloom.Simons said she was cast as an extra on Seagal's 1994 thriller "On Deadly Ground." When the film was completed, she said the actor invited her to a wrap party at his house. She soon noticed she was the only one there.When she asked where everyone was, Seagal told her everyone left the party. It was then that he took her hand and led her into a room, she said."He closed the door and approached me from behind. He started kissing my neck and taking off my clothes. I was in shock," she said. "Seagal was more than twice my size and twice my age. I was not sexually active or had ever been naked in front of a man before."She said he had sex with her while tears ran down her face."There was nothing consensual about this," she said.She said when he was done, he asked her if she needed any money. She told him "no" and ran for the door.Simons said he tried to contact her after the incident, but she did not speak with him or come forward with her story. She said she was too depressed and traumatized and has come forward now as an attempt to heal."I pray that my abuser can also heal. I want him to be aware...and apologize," Simons said.Dadis said she was 17 years old when she was sexually assaulted in 2002. As a model and vocalist at the time, she was introduced to Seagal for a recording project.Following two auditions, she said they were friends who spoke by text. Soon after, Dadis was invited to another audition for Seagal to "evaluate" her figure to see if she would be suitable for the role."He asked me to book a room myself at the W in Beverly Hills, and I explained that I did not have the funds to do so, and I did not feel comfortable doing this, and I suggested he should book the hotel himself, and he did," Dadis said.Seagal's assistant asked her to wear a bikini or bra and panties underneath her clothes and said it's standard procedure, so Dadis agreed.Once in the elevator, the assistant allegedly said, "Steven's word is as good as gold," and then left the two alone. Dadis said she was surprised but did not comment.While inside the room, Seagal asked Dadis to take off her clothes and do a catwalk across the room."I did so and Steven approached me and said that he would like to act out a romantic scene to get a sense of our chemistry. I felt uncomfortable, and I shyly expressed this," she said.Dadis detailed that Seagal ignored her wishes and slipped his hands inside her bikini and on private areas."Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was visibly upset," Dadis said.She said his security guard blocked the doorway and only moved when Seagal signaled him to do so.Dadis said Seagal attempted to reach out to her after that night, but she did not respond. She said she didn't tell anyone about the incident for a month because she felt it was her fault."After many years, I've finally reported this incident to the LAPD in hopes that my statement will provide support for other women," Dadis said.The Los Angeles Police Department confirms it has opened a criminal investigation into an alleged sexual assault by Seagal.Multiple actresses have accused Seagal of sexually harassing them. He has not commented on the accusations.
LOS ANGELES — His pursuit of postseason immortality lasted longer Friday than anyone would have dared dream.
Finally, Taijuan Walker buckled, striking out Curtis Granderson and ending his bid for an imperfect game.
Before that deflating development, the Dodgers were 4 for 4 with a walk against Arizona's starter, who, let's be honest, in Game 1 of this National League Division Series was more of a finisher.
Related Articles Whicker: Dodgers, Cody Bellinger show their leathery side in Game 1 win
Justin Turner's 5-RBI night leads Dodgers past Diamondbacks in NLDS opener
Justin Turner's 3-run home run set tone for Dodgers in NLDS
Dodgers Notes: Dave Roberts says he trusts Pedro Baez to pitch in NLDS
Diamondbacks at Dodgers: Saturday game time, TV channel and starting pitchers
Photos: Dodgers defeat the Diamondbacks 9-5 NLDS Playoff Baseball
Dodgers postseason roster and player profiles By the time Walker was done – he lasted only one inning, one inning that required him to make 48 pitches en route to surrendering four runs – the Diamondbacks were done, too.
The Dodgers eventually won, 9-5, Arizona unable to overcome its early bottomless pit despite eventually hitting four homers off Clayton Kershaw, something that never before had happened to a Dodgers pitcher in the postseason.
For a team that will be dissatisfied closing with anything other than a World Series championship, the Dodgers certainly opened with a flourish, a game that lasted 3:37 essentially over in mere minutes.
“It's just nice to jump on them early,” shortstop Corey Seager said. “It's nice to get Game 1, get the momentum and move on from there.”
In an ideal world, Walker wouldn't have been the Diamondbacks' first choice to start this game. Or second choice.
No, in an ideal world, former Dodger Zack Greinke would have drawn this spot opposite Kershaw in a showdown of genuine No. 1s.
But, in an ideal world, Arizona wouldn't wear uniforms that look like George Jetson's pajamas, either.
As it was, Greinke started the game that brought the Diamondbacks here, their wild-card victory over Colorado.
Unfortunately for Arizona, Robbie Ray also was needed in that game in relief, leaving this start to Walker, who entered Friday without having as much as a winning regular-season record.
“That was a huge positive,” Seager said. “They had to throw their guys to advance. We got to heal up, rest and get ready.”
Walker was 9-9 in 2017 and, for his career, 31-31, the absolute picture – and, for that matter, pitcher – of mediocrity.
At age 25, he also was making his postseason debut, going up against a veteran who who has done just about everything in baseball except during October, a month that mostly has done onto him.
Still, having Kershaw in this matchup represented a monumental advantage for the Dodgers, one they seized so quickly and aggressively that they risked 50 simultaneous hamstring pulls.
“It's hard to pitch to our lineup,” rookie Cody Bellinger said. “When we come out with a plan and we execute it, then good things happen.”
Loud things happen, too.
After Chris Taylor singled and Seager walked to start the bottom of the first, Justin Turner ripped a three-run homer estimated to have traveled 424 feet to left-center, holding his post-swing pose like a satisfied golfer.
It's normally considered a bad sign for a starting pitcher to have more mound visits from a coach than outs recorded.
But suddenly, just three batters into the game, there was Arizona's Mike Butcher, counseling Walker. Or perhaps just stalling, killing time hoping Dodger Stadium would stop swaying with raucous delight.
“That's a big homer,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “Big homer. We had a great offensive night. Obviously, you feel pretty good when Clayton's on the mound.”
Up 3-0, Bellinger followed with a single and then scored on a double by Yasiel Puig, igniting more noise, burying Walker and the Diamondbacks under even more decibels.
Upon reaching second, Puig, apparently caught up in the chaos he had just helped create, executed what I believe is known as a double crotch-chop.
I do know the NFL once fined Carson Palmer for making a similar gesture. I'm not sure, however, where baseball stands on the matter.
Let's just all agree, though, that it's probably not a bad thing that, by the time Puig was self chopping, it was already approaching 11 p.m. for television viewers on the East Coast.
It also was getting awfully late for Walker, who didn't secure his first out until his 38th pitch. By comparison, Dodgers reliever Brandon Morrow later would get four outs on seven pitches.
Speaking of later, Puig punctuated a seventh-inning head-first slide on a triple by holding his mouth agape and wagging his tongue in the direction of the Dodgers' dugout, a visual captured by cameras in graphic super slow-motion.
It was somewhat reminiscent of Michael Jordan's famous tongue cameos, only with much more passion and far less grace.
For Dodgers fans, however, the moment was equally signature, Puig and his teammates enjoying a playful romp over an opponent that, on this night especially, entered as overmatched and exited the same way.
“When I slide, that's my reaction,” Puig explained. “I don't know why. I feel maybe ice cream in front of me or something like that.”
Ice cream or a cream puff? Whatever, the Dodgers took full advantage and ate it up in Game 1.
What could be a long postseason feast started Friday with dessert.
CAIRO (AP) — An Egyptian court has ordered the detention of an activist for failing to report to a police station because he had been detained elsewhere.
Abdel Azim Fahmy, a senior member of the secular April 6 movement known as Zizo Abdo, was detained for several hours last Wednesday, causing him to miss the court-ordered visit to a different police station. He was detained again on Saturday.
His lawyer, Mokhtar Mounir, said the Cairo Criminal Court ordered Abdo returned to pre-trial detention Tuesday on charges of inciting protests and belonging to an outlawed group, which date back to last May. Mounir said he would appeal the order, calling it "inhumane and irrational."
April 6 played a leading role in the 2011 uprising that toppled longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak.
Immigration-related arrests were up nearly 33 percent in the first months of Donald Trump's presidency compared to the same time period last year, according to new data released by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement(ICE).
ICE made 21,362 arrests from Jan. 20 through March 13 of this year, up from 16,104 arrests during the same window in 2016. Immigration arrests of non-criminals more than doubled since last year from 2,278 in 2016 to 5,441 this year.
Strict immigration enforcement was a campaign promise of then-candidate Trump, who regularly called for building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and deporting undocumented immigrants.
The Trump administration has since given more leeway to immigration officers on the ground, emphasizing that all unauthorized immigrants are subject to deportation and even butting heads with local police departments who have said they won't fully cooperate with federal immigration authorities.
ICE "focuses its enforcement resources on individuals who pose a threat to national security, public safety and border security," an ICE spokesperson said in a statement when the numbers were released. "ICE will no longer exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement. All of those in violation of the immigration laws may be subject to immigration arrest, detention and, if found removable by final order, removal from the United States."
Despite the increase over last year, however, total immigration arrests were nonetheless down 27 percent in 2017 from the 29,238 during the same time frame in 2014 under President Obama. Similarly, arrests of non-criminals were also down this year from 7,483 in 2014.
There were 15,921 criminal arrests in 2017 compared to 13,826 during the same period last year. But this year's figures were also down by 26.7 percent from 21,745 in 2014.
The Washington Post was the first to report these numbers.
ICE "detainers," an official request to keep potentially unauthorized immigrants in custody following a local criminal arrest, followed a similar pattern -- they've been up since Trump took office, but down from 2014. There were 22,161 detainers at the beginning of 2017, up around 75 percent from last year but down eight percent from 2014.
Meanwhile, ICE immigration arrests out of the Dallas region saw the biggest spike, nearly doubling since last year. The Boston, Atlanta, Baltimore and Detroit regions also had over 50 percent increases.
In another sign that more resources since last year are going towards immigration enforcement, the average ICE daily detention population -- representing the average number of people who are in ICE custody -- was higher than every other yearly average going back as far as 2001. As of April 8, 2017, the average daily detention population was 40,467 people.
Fiscal year 2016 had the highest average population with 34,376 people. The lowest was in FY 2005 with an average population of 19,718 people. That year also had the lowest number of funded beds.
Since 2012, ICE has had funding for 34,000 detention beds.
ICE has not provided year-to-date numbers, so it's possible that the yearly average will be lower than the current daily average.
For years, athletes from the United States have quietly wondered how they might have fared if they had been competing on a level playing field. This year, they may have found out.
Final figures from the medals standings at the world championships that wrapped up Sunday offered evidence that track and field's attempt to crack down on a global doping crisis could be making a direct impact on the results themselves.
Exhibit A: The United States won 30 medals, while athletes from four countries that have been under the doping microscope — Kenya (11), Russia (6), Ethiopia (5) and Jamaica (4) — combined for 26.
Two years ago, the results looked like this: United States 17, Kenya 16, Jamaica 12, Ethiopia 8, Russia 4.
Four years ago, with Russia competing on home turf and in the midst of what investigators have determined was a state-sponsored doping conspiracy, they looked like this: United States 26, Russia 14, Kenya 12, Jamaica and Ethiopia 10 each.
"Maybe the only good byproduct of the past corruption and scandal is that it forces sport to make sure it never happens again," said Travis Tygart, the CEO of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency. "Ultimately, that's good for clean athletes."
Among the changes that have taken place over the last two years:
—The suspension of the Russian track federation. Only 19 Russians competed at this year's worlds, 100 fewer than were present in Moscow in 2013. The 19 competed as neutral athletes because the IAAF determined they've been under proper anti-doping controls.
—Five countries, including distance-running powerhouses Kenya and Ethiopia, have been placed on a doping watch list — meaning they are being closely watched because of evidence that has surfaced about less-than-robust anti-doping procedures in those countries. Jamaica has also been under increased scrutiny, which has led to the stripping of a 2008 Olympic relay medal because of doping by one of Usain Bolt's teammates.
—The IAAF has established an independent testing authority that takes responsibilities for conducting the anti-doping program out of its hands. A handful of former IAAF leaders are under investigation for their roles in doping cover-ups and related corruption.
"We have to be open about it," IAAF president Sebastian Coe said. "There's been a disproportionate amount of damage to the sport produced by a relatively small number of nations, and we just have to get on top of that."
As a sign of the IAAF's willingness to tackle the issue head-on, the meet began with the reallocation of medals from 11 races dating to 2007.
"It's not a Russia thing, but it is a thing that sometimes you get out there and you wonder, 'Do I have a fair shot at this? If I'm doing the right thing, is everyone else doing the right thing?'" said American sprinter Natasha Hastings, who received a reallocated relay gold from 2013.
It's a refrain shared up and down the roster in the United States, where athletes are widely considered to be subject to one of the world's toughest anti-doping programs.
"It's not uncommon for athletes in our training group to get tested every month," said U.S.-based track coach Loren Seagrave, who trains athletes from several countries. "On some occasions, you get tested on one day, and they show up again the next day. I think they're as vigilant as they can be."
Of course, it's a delicate proposition to attribute all these numbers to doping, or to assume all the problems are fixed. From Marion Jones to Tim Montgomery to Tyson Gay, Americans have a history of doping positives, reflected most starkly during this meet by the fans' reaction to Justin Gatlin. The 100-meter champion was roundly booed at every turn because of his doping history — he's served two bans.
"I thought in 2012, I was in a cleaner race, and it turns out that Olympic final was probably one of the dirtiest in history," said American middle-distance runner Shannon Rowbury, who finished out of the medals in a race in which no fewer than five of the 1,500-meter finalists have been investigated for doping violations.
Exhibit B (perhaps): Eleven of this year's 14 winning sprint times, including relays and hurdles, were slower than in 2013, which was the last world championships held the year after the Olympics. But a portion of that — as well as Jamaica's paltry showing, with only four medals — could be attributed to Bolt's rough week; he won bronze in the 100 meters and pulled up lame in the 4x100 with a hurt left hamstring.
The champion took umbrage to the linking of slow times and doping, calling it "disrespectful."
"There's something called injury and sometimes, everything doesn't go as smoothly as you want," Bolt said. "We came out and put on a good show for everyone."
Nobody enjoyed the show more than the Americans, whose 30 medals were only two short of what they picked up last year at the Olympics in in Rio de Janeiro, when some of the reforms were starting to take hold and Russia only sent one track and field athlete.
"There was a lot of shuffling, some medalists were completely unexpected," said American long jumper Tianna Bartoletta, who won a bronze medal. "Whatever the explanation, it's promising. I'm encouraged by what I saw here this week."
———
More AP track coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/London2017
A former care home in Ventnor could be turned into ten two-bedroom apartments for over 60s who are ‘looking to downsize'.
Steephill Residential Home, built in 1924 to house nurses from the nearby hospital, closed in 2017. Somerset Care, who ran the home, had accrued losses of £140,000 during its final 12 months.
Planning permission for single house
The property was purchased by Richard Bendy after the home was closed and all the equipment removed.
Permission was granted in January to convert the former care home into a single house.
Revised application
The new application states:
“Since gaining planning permission the applicant has carried out extensive research into local housing need and carried out consultations with estate agents to determine the most appropriate use for the building.”
These investigations concluded there was significant demand for two-bedroom apartments in Ventnor.
Over 60s covenant
However, the Isle of Wight Council imposed a covenant on the property which restricts occupation to the over 60s.
The plan will require two ‘relatively small extensions' to the building.
The ground floor units will have their gardens immediately outside the apartments and the second floor apartments will have their own balconies. A landscaped area will provide a shared garden.
‘Substantial internal alternations' required
During its time as a care home, the building was altered to provide a number of smaller spaces for toilets and bathrooms so ‘substantial internal alternations' are required to open up spaces.
Thirteen car park spaces will be provided to compensate for the lack of a bus route through Undercliff Drive, including three spaces for visitors.
Full details can be found on the council's Planning Website.
This article is from the BBC's LDRS (Local Democracy Reporter Service) scheme, which OnTheWight is taking part in. Some additions by OnTheWight. Ed
Location map
View the location of this story.
The winds aren't changing for Southern California's wildfires yet.
The fifth largest blaze in state history was threatening thousands of homes as it churned through coastal mountains amid persistently dangerous weather conditions.
Red Flag warnings for fire danger due to Santa Ana winds and a critical lack of moisture were extended instead of expiring Monday afternoon as was initially forecast.
The National Weather Service tweeted, "It doesn't get much drier than this," signaling that the dangerous fire conditions just aren't going away.
The wildfire has destroyed 683 homes and burned over 360 square miles of dry brush and timber.
With production halted on ‘The Bride of Frankenstein' – the film intended as the second instalment in Universal's Dark Universe series – it seems there may be a new, big name in line for the lead.
While it has long been known that Angelina Jolie was the studio's first choice for the title role, it has now emerged that ‘Wonder Woman' star Gal Gadot is also a contender to play the Bride, first portrayed by Elsa Lanchester in director James Whale's 1935 masterpiece.
According to The Wrap, insiders close to the project claim Gadot is at the top of ‘Beauty and the Beast' director Bill Condon's wish list for the Bride, should Jolie withdraw over the production delay. (Her casting in Disney's upcoming ‘Maleficent' sequel may be a factor in this.)
However, it is stressed that no offer been made to Gadot at present – nor has a deal been locked in for Jolie, or for that matter, Javier Bardem, who has long since been confirmed for the role of Frankenstein's Monster.
This new take on ‘The Bride of Frankenstein' is pitched as a continuation of the ‘Dark Universe' launched by this year's ‘The Mummy' – although, given the critical drubbing and only moderate commercial success of that Tom Cruise vehicle, it seems Universal are having a bit of a rethink, as the delays on ‘Bride' might reflect.
However, director Bill Condon – who previously directed ‘Gods and Monsters,' a biopic of ‘The Bride of Frankenstein' director James Whale, starring Ian McKellen – seems keen to keep this shared universe at arm's length, recently telling Collider, “what I'm doing is 100 percent making a really good monster movie. It has nothing to do with anything else. Nothing. Zero.”
Gal Gadot has not made any statement on the matter, so there's no way of knowing whether or not she'd be interested in ‘The Bride of Frankenstein'; but after playing the most iconic female superhero of all time, there are certainly worse roles to move on to than the most iconic female monster of all time.
Having initially been scheduled to start production in February 2018 with a view to a February 2019 release, ‘The Bride of Frankenstein' does not have a confirmed release date at present.
In the meantime, we can see Gal Gadot play Wonder Woman a third time in ‘Justice League,' opening 17 November.
Read More:
Director Shane Black linked to Fast & Furious spin-off
Gore Verbinski in talks for Gambit
2017 UK box office avoids US slump
Mystified about Westworld? You're not alone. The HBO sci-fi brainteaser gave us answers to its biggest mysteries in its season-one finale — but it wouldn't be Westworld if there weren't even more puzzles to solve. Just as we did for season one, we're going to follow up each episode with the myriad questions we're pondering.
The Westworld season-two premiere is titled “Journey Into Night,” but to steal a bit from Scandal, it might as well be called “Black Hat's Back On.” Old William, the gentleman formerly known as the Man in Black, is one of a small and shrinking number of human survivors trapped inside the park, and he's soon up to his old tricks — namely, undertaking another opaque search for a cosmic Macguffin. Dolores and Maeve, Westworld's wokest robots, are both taking advantage of the chaos for their own separate ends. Meanwhile, poor Bernard has come unstuck in time — though on the plus side, he and square-jawed security chief Ashley Stubbs are the only main characters guaranteed to still be alive two weeks after the uprising. What's in store in season two remains a mystery, but if you want to make a Westworld prediction of your own, give it a shot in the comments.
The first season tricked us with its narrative-bending, timey-wimey stuff, but now, we are prepared. You're not going to fool us that easily, Westworld! Here are all the possible multitude of timelines, in the order that we see them: (1) Arnold talking to Dolores, which we learned takes place 40-ish years before the rest of the show; (2) Bernard on the beach with Stubbs, where a character helpfully notes that two weeks have passed since Dolores's massacre; (3) Bernard and Charlotte, (4) Dolores and Teddy, (5) the Man in Black, and (6) Maeve and Sizemore, all of which seem to be taking place in the immediate aftermath of the slaughter, but may or may not all be happening concurrently.
In a razor-quick montage full of both memories from season one and visions of things we haven't seen yet, two shots stick out: (1) Dolores in a modern-looking dress, and (2) Bernard firing a machine gun. We've seen our sweet, avuncular host commit murder, but that happened on the orders of the late Dr. Ford. Who (and why) is he killing this time?
In the future timeline, Bernard wakes up from the world's least-relaxing beachside nap as a group of mercenaries arrives to take charge of the situation. They don't seem too fazed about being on a beach, which seems to confirm that the speculation was correct: Westworld is on an island! At the end of the episode, though, we see a large body of water that did not exist last season. Did it really come from Ford's terraforming, or is there another explanation?
On the beach, we briefly see the mercenaries squabbling with Chinese soldiers over which group has ultimate authority within the park. Is Westworld on Chinese territory? Maybe one of those disputed islands in the South China Sea? The mercenaries win the argument, which means that if it is indeed Chinese territory, this future version of China backed down to Delos's private security. Dystopias are wild.
Not content simply to run down helpless Delos executives, Dolores also seems to be taking aim at some of her fellow hosts. Why? Well, she says, “Not all of us deserve to make it to the Valley Beyond.” Are we talking a literal valley, or more of a metaphorical thing? The unfortunate stable boy also drops the same “Valley Beyond” phrase, so might it be a deeply buried bit of Ford's narrative?
This is a rhetorical question. He was incredibly happy.
She seems to understand why Sizemore thinks her search is so silly. But still, she blanches at him saying her love for her daughter wasn't “real.” What is real, mannnn?
One-thousand percent? One million?
Girl's got Marvel movies and Janelle Monáe videos to star in. Get her outta here, quick!
Besides the fact that they're comically evil.
I hope so. (Also, in case you forgot: Peter Abernathy, a.k.a. the host who played Dolores's father, was loaded up with the data that Charlotte wanted to smuggle out of the park in season one.)
Here's everything we learn from Robot Child Ford: In this new game, “You have to make it back out,” which you do by finding “the Door.” Also, this game “begins where you end, and ends where you began,” and don't worry, it “will find you.” Clear and concise as always. Good riddance, Robot Child Ford.
A San Juan Capistrano man remains in a coma at Mission Hospital more than 10 days after being struck by a hit-and-run driver.
Steve Schenkenberger, the father of five boys, sustained injuries to his brain and the left side of his body after he was hit while riding his bicycle near Niguel Road and Ridgeway Avenue on Feb. 5, according to a Plumfund page created in his name.
Authorities located the vehicle and identified an adult male as a person of interest involved with the hit-and-run collision. No arrests were made.
An update posted Tuesday to an online support page said doctors were going to perform surgery on his left forearm.
“We still have a long road ahead of us and we want the community and the world to be part of his recovery through prayer,” the post read.
A medical fund for Schenkenberger had raised more than $85,000 as of Tuesday afternoon.
A fundraiser for Schenkenberger will be held from 5 to 9 p.m. Thursday at Blaze Pizza in San Clemente. Twenty percent of the proceeds will support the Schenkenberger family.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7844 or snewell@scng.com
This year's Nobel Peace Prize goes to International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, the committee announced Friday morning. Here's what to know about the newest winners.ICAN is a large group of NGOs (non-governmental organizations) from 100 countries that have come together in an effort to promote and generate public support for an international nuclear weapons ban treaty. There are 25 organizations in the United States that are a part of ICAN.ICAN was instrumental in the adoption of the United Nations Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, the first treaty of its kind according to the Norwegian Nobel Committee . Signing began on Sept. 20, and the treaty will not enter into force until it is ratified by at least 50 states.In adopting the treaty in July, 122 nations committed to prohibit "a full range of nuclear-weapon-related activities, such as undertaking to develop, test, produce, manufacture, acquire, possess or stockpile nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, as well as the use or threat of use of these weapons," according to the U.N.The treaty is not without opponents, however. The United States, France and the United Kingdom released a statement that they "have not taken part in the negotiation of the treaty... and do not intend to sign, ratify or ever become party to it."In addition to the treaty, ICAN has convinced more than 100 nations to make a commitment to cooperate and work together to "stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons," known as the Humanitarian Pledge The Nobel committee mentioned both the pledge and the treaty as major reasons that ICAN is deserving of the prize.Nuclear weapons are "the only weapons of mass destruction not yet explicitly prohibited under international law," according to ICAN and the Nobel committee.The Nobel Prize announcement points out that, with the recent tensions with North Korea, this has become an urgent international concern."Some states are modernizing their nuclear arsenals, and there is a real danger that more countries will try to procure nuclear weapons, as exemplified by North Korea. Nuclear weapons pose a constant threat to humanity and all life on earth," the committee wrote.ICAN's work, such as the pledge and the treaty, has given direction and vigor to efforts to create a nuclear weapons-free world, according to the committee.ICAN's executive director, Beatrice Fihn, was called to receive the good news shortly before it was announced. She was overjoyed, saying her initial reaction was one of "shock." The organization released a statement after the announcement, saying "This prize is a tribute to the tireless efforts of many millions of campaigners and concerned citizens worldwide who, ever since the dawn of the atomic age, have loudly protested nuclear weapons."The Nobel committee acknowledged that, as important as ICAN's work is, the problem of nuclear weapons is far from solved. It is calling upon nations that have developed nuclear weapons, which includes the U.S., to lead the way in taking steps toward eliminating those weapons."The Committee wishes to emphasize that the next steps towards attaining a world free of nuclear weapons must involve the nuclear-armed states," the committee wrote. "This year's Peace Prize is therefore also a call upon these states to initiate serious negotiations with a view to the gradual, balanced and carefully monitored elimination of the almost 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Unsplash
There are scores of reasons to strike a new path and hit the road in 2018. Travel is the great character builder and the ultimate humanizing tool. It's not always easy, but the ends are always rewarding.
Since 2010, Instagram has made an indelible impact on the travel world. The combination of direct marketing, influencers, and the common person being able to share insight from literally every corner of the world has led travel to feel far more accessible. At the same time, long-term vagabonding — once the domain of hippies, wanderers, and weirdos — is suddenly ruled by insta-celebrities.
For better or worse, this is where we are. And no one can deny the power of a great photograph on Instagram and its ability to lure us like a scintillating siren. Let's dive into the best this week has to offer!
Antarctica
2018 is the year for an adventure. Traveling to Antarctica is the ultimate travel-cred holy grail. It's never cheap. It's legit dangerous. And only a (relative) few have made the journey.
You can either sail around the islands and mingle with penguins or you can go full-Shackleton and trek from the coast to the South Pole — truly becoming one of the mad ones.
Music video by Evanescence performing My Immortal. (C) 2004 Wind-Up Records, LLC Watch on YouTube
Happy Birthday my love, I miss you more than ever and every day is filled with sadness.
___
Fed proposes easing rule that limits risky bank trading
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is proposing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that helped trigger the 2008 financial meltdown. The Fed under new leadership on Wednesday unveiled proposed changes to the Volcker Rule, which bars banks' risky trading bets for their own profit with depositors' money. The high-risk activity is known as proprietary trading.
———
Barr blames Ambien for tweet; drugmaker replies
NEW YORK (AP) — After Roseanne Barr explains the offensive tweet that got her show canceled by saying she was on Ambien at two in the morning, the drugmaker Sanofi tweets back that 'racism is not a known side effect' of its product. Barr is busy on Twitter, even though the social media platform led to her demise. ABC canceled 'Roseanne' following her racist tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett.
———
Europe expects to be hit by US tariffs on steel and aluminum
PARIS (AP) — Europe is bracing for the United States to slap restrictions Thursday on imported steel and aluminum. Top European officials were holding last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to avoid U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum.
———
US economic growth revised down to 2.2 percent rate in Q1
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2 percent annual rate in the first three months of the year, as consumers and businesses slowed their spending. But given the economy's recent performance, analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter. The Commerce Department reports that growth in the gross domestic product, the economy's total output of goods and services, came in slightly below the first estimate last month of 2.3 percent in the January-March period.
———
Need an entry-level job at a store? It can be harder now
NEW YORK (AP) — Getting a job as a store cashier or a sales assistant — often an easy way into the economy for an unskilled worker — used to be easy. Now, that path is getting much more complicated as employers demand higher-level skills.
———
Q&A: Should you reboot your router like the FBI says?
Last week, the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that might have been infected with disruptive malware. But cycling the power on an infected router is only a temporary solution that would leave the core infection intact and listening for instructions. Cisco researchers say the good news is that the FBI has disrupted the command-and-control server that sends instructions to infected routers. The bad news is that another such server could be set up.
———
Fed finds nationwide pickup in manufacturing activity
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty caused by rising trade tensions. The survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the Fed's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity.
———
Weinstein won't testify before grand jury in rape case
NEW YORK (AP) — Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify after his arrest Friday. The former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
———
Survey: US businesses add a solid 178,000 jobs in May
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May, according to a survey, a solid total but below the average monthly gains accumulated over the winter. Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that hiring was strong in construction, education and health care, and professional and business services, which includes accounting, engineering and legal services. Retailers cut jobs.
———
Stock markets reverse course and surge as Italy fears fade
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks recover most of their sharp losses from a day earlier and bond yields turn higher as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks surge and energy companies rally as oil prices break out of a five-day slump. An index made up of small-company stocks, which tend to be more domestically focused, hit another record high as trade tensions with ramp up again with China and Europe.
———
The S&P 500 index jumped 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, and closed at a record high of 1,647.99.
U.S. crude oil climbed 2.2 percent to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 1.9 percent to $2.18 a gallon. Heating oil gained 2.1 percent to $2.23 a gallon. Natural gas slid 0.6 percent to $2.89 per 1,000 cubic feet.
The prosthetic was approved for adults and children with missing or damages irises. (Source: Pixabay)
(RNN) – The U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday that it's approved the first standalone prosthetic iris in the United States.
The surgically implanted device, called the CustomFlex Artificial Iris, was approved for adults and children with a missing or damaged iris, the colored area around the pupil that controls the amount of light entering the eye.
"Today's approval of the first artificial iris provides a novel method to treat iris defects that reduces sensitivity to bright light and glare. It also improves the cosmetic appearance of the eye in patients with aniridia,” said Malvina Eydelman, M.D., director of the Division of Ophthalmic, and Ear, Nose and Throat Devices at the FDA's Center for Devices and Radiological Health.
The FDA defines aniridia as "a rare genetic disorder in which the iris is completely or partially absent." The condition affects around 1 in 50,000 to 100,000 people in the U.S.
The CustomFlex Artificial Iris is made from "thin, foldable medical-grade silicone and is custom-sized and colored for each individual patient," and is "held in place by the anatomical structures of the eye or, if needed, by sutures."
Copyright 2018 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
A friend of Syed Farook, the shooter who carried out the San Bernardino terror attack in December of 2015, has agreed to plead guilty to providing the high-powered rifles used to kill 14 people and injure nearly two dozen others, The Associated Press reported Tuesday.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, admitted in a plea agreement that he bought the assault rifles used by Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, in the December 2, 2015, attack.
Sierra is now entered into the pool of candidates for Academic All-America honors.
Student-athletes must be a sophomore, junior or senior, hold a 3.30 GPA and above and be a starter or major contributor off the bench to be eligible for nomination for the CoSIDA Academic All-District® award. Sierra carries a 3.77 GPA in Management.
Sierra got off to a slow start this season but finished strong, batting .350 with 16 doubles, 22 home runs, 54 RBIs and 63 runs scored. The Andres Boca Chica, Dominican Republic, native ranks second nationally in home runs, fifth in slugging percentage (.773), sixth in total bases (157) and 33rd in runs scored.
He led the Phoenix in batting average, doubles, home runs, RBIs and runs scored this season, posting a team-best 71 hits as well while drawing 31 walks, second most for CU. Sierra batted .408 (51-for-125) with 13 doubles, 15 homers, 39 RBIs, 43 runs scored, 19 walks and just 13 strikeouts over the last 35 games of the season, posting an .888 slugging percentage during that stretch.
Chairman of the Yesh Atid party Yair Lapid related to the impending investigation of the PM.
"I wish for him and his family, and for the entire State of Israel, that it becomes clear that there was no taint in his behavior. If two PMs in a row fell because of corruption, it would be hard to repair the trust of the public.
"I want to remind the members of the opposition that everyone in Israel is presumed innocent until proven guilty - certainly this also applies to the PM.
"We need to let the Police do their work. Even so, for the sake of the State and people, it needs to be done quickly," he said.
Ever since the New York Times dropped the story detailing decades of alleged sexual harassment and assault, coverups, and payoffs by superproducer Harvey Weinstein, three main narratives have followed. The first, of course, is how long it took for this to become a big story, as many have talked about how it has been an open secret in Hollywood for years. The second is a lack of shock that Weinstein was accused of doing such things. And finally, the dismay that attorney Lisa Bloom — daughter of Gloria Allred and self-professed champion of women — had been working with him.
What has made it so troubling is that until now, Bloom has been known for her dedication to championing women who have been victims of sexual assault and sexual misconduct. A small sampling of her previous clients includes Blac Chyna, Janice Dickinson, Mischa Barton, some of the women who accused Bill O'Reilly of sexual harassment and assault, and most recently, Monita Sabbag, who found herself part of an extortion plot against comedian Kevin Hart — and was also videotaped in sexual situations without her knowledge. In a previous interview with Yahoo, Bloom spoke candidly about her desire to help these women, saying, “I know that one of the healthiest things a woman can do is to stand up for herself and speak her truth. And I am honored to assist her in becoming empowered.”
So how does that check with all the women now speaking their truth about Weinstein? In a statement issued by her office yesterday, Bloom said she's been working with Weinstein to help him understand the error of his ways and showed him how his position as a Hollywood power player might help people see some of his behavior in a less than positive light.
“As a women's rights advocate, I have been blunt with Harvey and he has listened to me,” Bloom said. “I have told him that times have changed, it is 2017, and he needs to evolve to a higher standard. I have found Harvey to be refreshingly candid and receptive to my message. He has acknowledged mistakes he has made. He is reading books and going to therapy. He is an old dinosaur learning new ways.”
But it's one of the comments Bloom made in her statement that's causing a lot of eyebrow raising: “And as we work together on a project bringing my book to the screen, he has always been respectful toward me.”
The book in question is Suspicion Nation, Bloom's 2014 tome about the Trayvon Martin case. In March it was optioned by Weinstein after what's been described as a heated auction, and it's now being made into a miniseries with Jay-Z as a producer. What's interesting is the timing. In her statement discussing her work with Weinstein, she mentions having been tutoring him for a year, which means she's been teaching him how to not be a jerk to women since October of 2016 — long before her book auction, and long before the previously hidden allegations came to light.
For her part, Bloom is doubling down on her support of Weinstein, telling the Associated Press that she wants to “make a difference on the other side,” while also claiming many of the allegations were overblown. She admits she knew about his behavior and says he “admitted to being stupid,” and that she wants to “explain to him the laws of sexual harassment and why this is important.”
Bloom dismisses comparisons to two other famous men accused of sexual misconduct.
“The facts there are very different. Bill Cosby is accused of being a serial rapist,” she told the AP. “There's allegedly a recording of Bill O'Reilly calling women while he was masturbating. So that's a whole different level. In this case we are talking if the allegations are that he said some stupid things … some things he clearly should not have said. He said some things that are offensive to women and he said, ‘Lisa … help me understand … why can't I just make jokes? Why can't I just say things like that?' ‘You know Harvey? … It's 2017 for God's sake.' I mean those have been the kinds of conversations we've had.”
Bloom says the claims of Weinstein trampling over the line of verbal harassment are in dispute by the producer, and, “This is not an easy time for him either. Probably nobody has sympathy for him right now and that's fine.” And while she claims Weinstein isn't in the business of digging up dirt on the women accusing him and trying to smear their name, as Lainey Gossip points out, Weinstein subtly discredited one of his accusers, actress Ashley Judd, in a comment to the New York Post.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
The hits keep coming for Cambridge Analytica, the tech firm used by the Trump campaign that's all wrapped up in scandal after a former employee revealed how the company harvested 50 million Facebook accounts to exploit users perceived “inner demons” to help Trump win the election. That news sent Facebook stock into a downturn, which prompted Mark Zuckerberg's net worth to plummet by $6 billion in one day. And the stench of association won't improve anytime soon after the U.K.'s Channel 4 aired this undercover footage that shows Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix boasting about using sex workers to ensnare politicians.
In the sting operation (which yielded conversations that occurred between November 2017 and January 2018), an undercover Channel 4 reporter posed as a fixer working for a rich client who wanted to push candidates to victory in Sri Lanka. Nix is seen bragging about being able to “send some girls around to the candidate's house,” and he stressed that Ukrainian girls “are very beautiful, I find that works very well” for purposes of gathering political dirt. Nix continued:
“We'll offer a large amount of money to the candidate, to finance his campaign in exchange for land for instance, we'll have the whole thing recorded, we'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the Internet.”
Not only does this undercover admission look terrible on its face, but Cambridge Analytica is subject to U.K. laws since it operates there (along with being registered in the U.S., where it's facing an investigation from the Massachusetts attorney general). And since Nix thought he was offering a bribe to a representative of a public official, this could be a violation of both the U.K. Bribery Act and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
The subject will undoubtedly come up when a U.K. Parliament committee recalls Nix (and Mark Zuckerberg) for testimony on the data breaches, so it's no wonder that Cambridge Analytica didn't want this undercover footage to air.
Watch the full Channel 4 broadcast on Cambridge Analytica below.
(Via Channel 4, CNBC & Ashurst)
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Larry Nassar, right, swears in during his sentencing near defense attorney Matthew Newberg at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The former Michigan State University sports-...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Katherine Ebert, left, gives her statement during Larry Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. Nassar is seated far right. The former Michigan Sta...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Erin Blayer, left, listens to Michigan Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis before giving her statement during Larry Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday, Jan. ...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Larry Nassar appears for his sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The former Michigan State University sports-medicine and USA Gymnastics doctor is being...
(AP Photo/Kathy Willens, File). FILE - In this March 3, 2012, file photo, gymnastics coach John Geddert is seen at the American Cup gymnastics meet at Madison Square Garden in New York. Gymnasts who were molested by sports doctor Larry Nassar are reser...
By DAVID EGGERT and MIKE HOUSEHOLDER
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) - A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected his request to confront the "demon" in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was "no way" she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
"I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that," the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is "not acceptable that we combat assault with assault."
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were "filled with regret" because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
"I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't," she told Nassar. "The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you."
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him "five minutes in a locked room with this demon." Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for "one minute." That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting him have this power over us," she said. "We cannot behave like this."
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
"I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed," Margraves said of his conduct. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's "no hero."
"My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity," he said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
"It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable - the amount of pain that we've all gone through," Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks "unfortunate" and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is "really unfortunate" if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks "have pierced my soul."
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
___
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEWCASTLE, England (AP) — Burnley struck late to extend Newcastle's winless run at home in the Premier League with a 1-1 draw on Wednesday.
Substitute Sam Vokes' header rebounded in off Newcastle goalkeeper Karl Darlow with five minutes remaining after new signing Kenedy appeared to have inspired the Magpies to victory.
The Brazilian, who has joined on loan from Chelsea until the end of the season, won a penalty that was subsequently missed, before setting up Jamaal Lascelles for the opening goal in the 65th minute.
Newcastle has now failed to win at St James' Park in eight Premier League games and is one of four teams just one point clear of the relegation zone.
Kenedy made an immediate impact as he won a penalty just 34 minutes into his Newcastle career, drawing a foul from Phil Bardsley only for Joselu to see his tame effort saved by Nick Pope.
It was Newcastle captain Lascelles who was the eventual beneficiary of Kenedy's persistence, heading home a perfectly placed corner.
Just five minutes from the end, Newcastle was unlucky to be denied its first home league victory since October. Vokes' header hit the crossbar, before bouncing in via a deflection off the helpless Darlow.
Burnley hasn't won in eight Premier League games, but ended a three-match losing streak and moves up to seventh in the table.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Smarter & Wiser Real Estate With Steve Weiser
Celebrating 20 years of creating real estate wealth for Buyers and Sellers, designing new innovative real estate marketing, demonstrating superior negotiation skills and helping businesses enter or relocate in the Dana Point market – the results.
Convenient local ReMax Office on Del Prado across for the Post Office
24582 Del Prado G, Dana Point, CA
Planning to Buy, Sell or Lease?
Local Experience … Maximum Value
Call Steve Today 949-291-7800
Lic# 01295856
Cliqz, developer of a privacy-focused browser, has acquired the Ghostery browser extension and the team behind it
Cliqz, the German developer of the privacy-focused browser of the same name, has acquired the tracker-blocking browser extension Ghostery and its development team from its creator, Evidon.
Partly owned by Mozilla, Cliqz will combine Ghostery's technology with similar functions in its browser, but plans to continue development of the extension for other browsers too, it said Wednesday.
The sale will resolve an apparent conflict of interest for Evidon, which on the one hand provided the Ghostery extension to enhance privacy, and on the other sold aggregate information to businesses regarding which trackers users blocked. It will still obtain that aggregate information from Cliqz, but one step removed.
Sharing of aggregate data and the creation of user accounts are optional features of the extension.
The Ghostery antitracking tool has about 10 million active users worldwide, the companies said. One advantage of the acquisition that Cliqz touted is that it is based in Germany, a country with some of the strictest privacy laws in the world, which it said should provide better privacy protection for any data the company holds about its users.
While Cliqz sets about integrating Ghostery's functions into its browser, it recommends adding the Ghostery extension to the Cliqz browser, or using the Ghostery and Cliqz extensions for Mozilla's Firefox together. Cliqz offers beta versions of its browser for Windows, Mac, Linux, Android and iOS. The Ghostery extension is available for Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Internet Explorer, Safari and Opera, with some functions available in mobile apps for iOS and Android.
SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO – The city is paying back the Orange County Transportation Authority $705,095 because of the City Council's 2016 decision to cancel an Ortega Highway widening.
OCTA had approved a $4.7 million grant for design and right-of-way acquisition to widen an 0.9-mile stretch of the state highway where it narrows from four lanes to two in San Juan. OCTA had forwarded $714,532 to San Juan, city staff said.
City Council members initially had supported the widening, voting 3-2 to hire a design firm in Dec. 2015. They reconsidered it in Jan. 2016 and reversed the decision, canceling the design contract. Kerry Ferguson changed her vote, while Derek Reeve was absent from the 3-1 vote to cancel.
County and state officials have since restarted planning for a widening. OCTA called upon the city to return the grant money.
The city spent $195,890 of it before canceling the project, and OCTA determined that $20,720 of that didn't need to be reimbursed because it resulted in materials that could be used toward a future Ortega widening project. There was also $11,283 interest that OCTA was asking.
Bottom line? After accounting, City Council members, at their Feb. 7 meeting, approved a $705,095 reimbursement without comment.
The council also allocated $185,170 in city funds as part of the reimbursement. That money will come from the Capistrano Circulation Fee Program, which a city staff report said has $1.2 million available for new projects, sufficient to cover the amount needed to go to the OCTA.
Critics of the widening said it would damage the rural character of that stretch of road, would invite more traffic from growing Rancho Mission Viejo and should be tied to other traffic improvements to take pressure off Ortega. Supporters said that there are no such projects on the horizon, more traffic is coming and not widening Ortega punishes residents.
Contact the writer: fswegles@scng.com or 949-492-5127
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Lin-Manuel Miranda, "Game of Thrones" and a key figure in the #MeToo movement are among the winners of this year's Webby Awards.
Miranda won the Webby for public service and social activism for his work raising money for charities assisting Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
Susan Fowler, the former Uber employee whose harassment revelations helped lead to the ouster of the company's CEO and bolstered the #MeToo movement, was named Webbys person of the year.
The awards, which honor internet excellence, were announced Tuesday and will be presented May 14 at a New York ceremony hosted by comedian Amber Ruffin.
Winners from music include Jay-Z, Katy Perry and Lada Gaga.
"Game of Thrones" won for best overall online presence, and the video game phenomenon Fortnite won for best multiplayer competitive game.
The Sandiganbayan has allowed former Sen. Jinggoy Estrada to leave detention for his father's birthday bash although at a time his camp considered “too early for a party.”
At the same time, an announcement was made that Estrada's plunder case will finally head to trial this June after three years.
In granting Estrada a six-hour furlough for Wednesday, 5 to 11 p.m., over the prosecution's objection, the Sandiganbayan Fifth Division cited “deeply embedded Filipino customs and traditions, covering respect and regard for parents and the elderly.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Since Estrada also “appears to have complied with all the conditions of his detention,” the antigraft court authorized him to go to the Manila Hotel for the 80th birthday celebration of convicted former President and current Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada.
But the actor-politician apparently wants to be granted later hours that are more conducive to partying, say 8 p.m. to 2 a.m.
During the Monday hearing, Estrada tried to personally argue for a later schedule before the open court. But Fifth Division chairman Justice Rafael Lagos shot him down.
“This is a pretrial. This is not a mock—,” Lagos said, trailing off as he shook his head.
Lawyer Sabino Acut then explained what Estrada was trying to request: “5 p.m. is too early for a party. There might be no people yet at 5 p.m.”
Lagos replied: “Jinggoy has nothing to do with the party. Just tell Mayor Estrada to start early.”
Lagos said a formal plea would reopen the matter for deliberation and even risk of reversal.
Estrada had been detained since June 2014, after he was formally charged by Ombudsman prosecutors at the Sandiganbayan for allegedly obtaining P183.8 million in kickbacks upon endorsing dubious foundations to implement projects funded by his Priority Development Assistance Fund proceeds.
ADVERTISEMENT
During the Monday hearing, the antigraft court terminated the pretrial of Estrada's plunder case, which concludes the preparation of evidence to be presented for the upcoming trial.
Lagos said the pretrial order governing the conduct of trial would be finalized by May 2. Afterwards, trial hearings would be held every Monday beginning June 19.
Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) meets with Saudi Arabia's King Salman in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia October 5, 2017. Sputnik/Alexei Nikolsky/Kremlin via REUTERS
RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi King Salman said there was consensus with Russia's leadership on broadening the scope of relations between the two countries following a meeting with President Vladimir Putin in Moscow, the Saudi state press agency reported on Friday.
"We note with complete full satisfaction the matching opinions we sensed from the Russian leadership towards working to move the level of relations to a broader perspective," the king told business officials in Moscow on Thursday evening.
Putin hosted King Salman for talks at the Kremlin earlier in the day, cementing a relationship that is pivotal for world oil prices and could decide the outcome of the conflict in Syria.
(Reporting by Stephen Kalin; Editing by Peter Cooney)
We usually choose not to declutter our homes since that includes lots of throwing away stuff. But how about if I can show you ways where you do not have to throw anything away, and yet you can declutter your place?
That seems like a good idea. Well, here are several ways in which you can increase storage and declutter your home instead of throwing anything away, because who knows when you need that!
Innovative Closets
Source Unknown
Innovative closets are one of the trendiest ideas when it comes to decluttering your home. You can build up closets under your bed or hidden behind walls so that the closets do not take up storage, but instead they provide more space for you to huddle up your stuff inside them.
Also, you can build a storage under your stairs or a unit with several drawers. It will be beneficial for you to organize your home and reduce the mess. Moreover, you wouldn't have to throw anything away. That sounds like a perfect plan! So, go for it!
Knee-Wall Dresser
How about turning unused spaces into hidden storages? That is a pretty innovative idea, and the knee-wall dresser is even a better deal. You can get dresser and storage; two in one. So, let's put an end to all your stuff cluttering the house and build some space to store them in an organized manner.
via pinterest.com
This dresser wouldn't take a single space in your room, but instead increase room for materials. How's that possible, you ask? Well, it's built by carving into a wall, and the cost is not even that expensive. So, grab the idea. You don't want to miss it!
Use Sticky Notes
The purpose of using sticky notes to declutter your home might surprise you to some extent. Firstly, the idea came to light when I was rushing to find a notepad to note down a doctor's address during an emergency. And right then, I thought what if we put bunches of sticky notes hidden in the storage to good use.
So, we stuck them on a wall in a particular pattern and that way we got an arty touch to the wall including the fact that in an emergency, you already know where to note things.
Tips for Clothes
Are you messy about your clothes and just do not know where or how to store them instead of creating a pile on the sofa? That's precisely why you need several drawers where you can roll your clothes and store them. It's a two-in-one plan.
This way, you can increase storage and declutter your home at once. It's a mere suggestion, but please do not build those tiny drawers; build the big ones like several rows of huge drawers. And sort your clothes vertically to increase space. That'll do the work I suppose.
A clean and tidy desk at your home is a must if you want to declutter your place. But make sure of one thing: do not buy a desk without several drawers, it will be a waste of money. You can organize your stationary materials on the desk and keep others in its drawers.
via homeschoolingtoday.info
And once you see how easy it becomes for you to find them, you will feel inspired to keep your home tidy all the time. Apart from this, the drawers of the desk will increase storage. So, once your stationary stuff is kept intact, you can also store other things within them.
Storage, Insurance and Organized Maintenance
In a household things simply pile up in time, without a proper plan things easily clutter in a couple of years and here segregation come in.
One can conveniently use a dedicated storage solution to deposit the things that he uses on yearly basis or he simply keeps for sentimental value, in this process too another filter will be introduced and more things should have its face decided.
As you will have your home flawless and clutter free organizing the future could be a great idea, having an insurance cover the perfect state of your home and one to cover the storage alike would do, dreams and ideals simply need to be protected.
Your home and your belongings are now safe, protected, in a perfect condition and to keep them that way, properly organized and scheduled maintenance has to be setup, just like a perfectly trimmed bush will not freeze its state, your home will not either, make sure you schedule a trimming session every now, it will be far easier to maintain it.
Playful Books
If you have kids at home and they like to read, probably their room is cluttered with books. This situation can be handled if you build a home library. Just pick a wall, make wooden shelves, and cover the whole wall. Paint the shelves and once you are done, arrange the books in them. Your home will look tidy, and it will be much easier to find books.
via pinterest
Also, a new makeover for your home isn't such a bad idea. Adding a home library will not only help you declutter, but also give that space a complete makeover. That's a perfect plan. And once you are done placing the books, if there is storage left, you can put utensils, antique showpieces, clocks, etc. on the shelves.
Boxes for Clothes
Having plenty of boxes for clothes is a very trendy idea for increasing storage and also decluttering your home. You will get various boxes with side pockets or chained covers intended to store clothes. Many of them even have handles on both sides so that we can carry it around.
Since I bought four of them, my place is tidier than ever. Also, get them of several sizes; one for t-shirts and shirts, one for jeans, one for towels and so on. Trust me when I say you wouldn't regret this idea at all.
Organising Utensils and Condiments
Does arranging your kitchen seems like a big deal? Well, not anymore! I am sure your kitchen already has enough space to store the utensils and condiments, but still, there are always piles of things left around. First, you need to take care of that mess, clear them out and sort things accordingly.
Once you are done with that, you need to make some rearrangements. Try to keep your utensils close to the oven and stack them in the rack according to their categories. That'll increase storage space in the kitchen area. In this way, you will not have to search for them in need, and it will consume less time making the whole process fast as well as effortless.
via pinterest
Storage Ottoman
We have always been big fans of ottomans. But have you ever thought about storage ottoman and how it could increase storages at your place? I'm guessing, no! An ottoman is always served well as an extra seat or a footrest but this creative idea comes with an open lid.
via westelm.com
As you open the lid, you'll find enough space to store books or blankets that are scattered here and there, taking up a whole lot of area over the room. Feel free to customize them in your way and add one to each of your rooms. That'll declutter your home perfectly.
Wall Hung TV Cabinet
A wall hung TV cabinet; that plan sounds cool. Well, extra storage equals to declutter. Now, all you need to do is build a cabinet along with a TV space in it. Once you are done with that, place the TV within it freeing up space and store the required items in the cabinet.
That way, your home stays tidy, and your television remains protected behind the cabinet. Do not delay even a minute anymore! Start assembling the cabinet.
via pinterest.com
Wall Pockets
The small fidgety things take up a lot more space than one can imagine because we tend to scatter them around the room. That's why the wall pockets came to light. Wall pockets are a very efficient way to increase storage as well as keep your home tidy.
Wondering how that works? All you need to do is get the pockets and hang them on the wall. Keep one thing in mind: they cannot hold much weight. So keep the light stuff inside them like postcards, mails, keys, etc. Hang few of them, and you'll get to see how those little things can be of enormous help.
via blog.justinablakeney.com
Use a File Organizer
Are you wondering what help can file organizers probably do? Well, they are of a lot more help than you think them to be. I'm sure your home has a study or a den, and the work process is messy down there. Firstly, file organizers can help you increase storage.
How? By stacking the files inside them, you could free up a lot of storage area that can be put to good use. Secondly, they will help you to organize your tasks and documents more efficiently.
via Pinterest
Ingenious Hanging Idea
The ingenious hanging idea is a pretty good one when it comes to decluttering your home and increasing storage at the same time. Keeping the containers and liquids on the bathroom floor or sides of the basins can take a lot of space.
via porch.com
That's why use the ingenious hanging idea to hang all the liquid bottles on the strands and thus, keeping it clean. And you can also hang your dust cloths on it. This way, you'll have access to more storage space on areas that these were hogging upon. So, make a plan and get a move on it.
Storage Beds
Have you ever thought about storage under your bed? Well, that's the new trend. This plan comes in various categories depending on what kind of storage you want, and you can build it yourself. It's not a big deal at all.
via ikea
The storage can be accessed by removing the mattress; it can be like drawers or can be open spaces with shelves in few of them. That's entirely your call what kind of storage you would prefer, but this would put an end to the cluttering of clothes, blankets, and books all around your bedroom.
Fancy Nail Polish Organizer
Nail polish organizer is a wall hanging storage which can be of great help in need. It's in human nature to scatter around small things that we need on a daily basis or so. Now, although these organizers are made just for nail polishes, you can use them to store more than that.
You can put all your small accessories inside them categorically and in that way, it won't take up much space and you can find them easily as well. Do not waste a minute anymore! Go, get them!
via pinterest.com
PVC Pipes
Do your rooms look messy with all the hanging wires and they just take a whole lot of space? That's why we are here with PVC pipes as a method or idea to declutter your home and increase more storage area. Personally, I have faced this problem in my living room.
The wires of the tube-lights were hung all over the space engaging a beautiful wall, and then this thought came to my mother's mind. That's when we decided to cover those wires with PVC pipes. Once we were done, the wall seemed empty enough to hang pictures and give our living room a whole new makeover.
Kids Food Organizer
Kids food organizer can be of more importance than you can imagine. Trust me when I say that! It's like a buffet system. You must be keeping different kinds of cereals in various boxes for your kids, and they get confused, correct? Well, not anymore! Now, you can buy a plastic case known as cereal dispenser which holds different kinds of foods in various sections or partitions, and your kids can get it by themselves.
via bystephanielynn.com
It's comfortable and convenient to use but just keep one thing in mind: do not put it on a high-level counter, keep it on a low case so that your kids can reach it right away and they do not try to stand up on a tool to get it. And also, this method can free up a lot of space on the other counters. So, go; get it now!
Convenient Wall Coat Rack
A convenient wall coat rack is a very creative idea to declutter your home. We tend to pile up our coats on sofas or chairs. And when we keep them in closets, they take up a lot of storage.
via shoeboxdwelling.com
That's why a coat rack on the wall is a very convenient option to avoid both these problems. Do not worry! You would not regret this plan even for a second since this method will bring a solution to both your troubles.
De-cluttering one`s home by increasing storage is an excellent solution but filtering has to be present in the process. Choose one of these ideas or several of them and get started with the plan. Do not delay any more!
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
Indeed, newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, he says Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
President Trump is set to spend his first night at his Manhattan penthouse since becoming president.
Trump is making his return visit Monday night in the midst of what his administration has called a "working vacation" away from the White House, which is undergoing renovations. The president has been staying at his New Jersey home for over a week.
While this may be the president's first visit back to his Fifth Avenue skyscraper, it is hardly the first time he has retreated from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave to one of his Trump properties. The president has already made a dozen trips to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida and his home in New Jersey since assuming the presidency.
Trump has previously referenced the costs associated with presidential protection as one of the reasons he has opted to return to his New Jersey estate rather than Trump Tower.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 5, 2017
The New York Police Department said in February that it costs up to $308,000 a day to protect Trump Tower when the president is in town.
Prior to becoming president, Trump repeatedly criticized his predecessor, Barack Obama, for taxpayer-related expenses for his vacations.
São Paulo (AP) — A former Brazilian congressman imprisoned on corruption charges denies allegations he ever received hush money.
Eduardo Cunha was once speaker of the country's lower house and is now serving a 15-year sentence. He told Federal Police on Tuesday that he never received money to keep silent about the kickback-corruption scandal at state-owned oil company Petrobras. The scandal has ensnared dozens of high-level politicians and executives.
The O Globo newspaper last month reported the existence of a tape recording in which President Michel Temer appears to condone the payment of bribes to Cunha. Temer has denied wrongdoing.
Cunha led the impeachment proceedings against former President Dilma Rousseff on charges of manipulating the fiscal budget. Her ouster put Temer into office.
The Blue Bulls were left with four injured players after playing three matches over the course of eight days.
As reported earlier, flank Jannes Kirsten sustained an ankle injury in the 45-34 loss to Western Province on Saturday. The Bulls have since confirmed that wing Duncan Matthews suffered a knee injury in the same match.
Both players have been ruled out of the Bulls' game against the Free State Cheetahs at Loftus this coming weekend.
Furthermore, wing Travis Ismaiel is out for at least four weeks with a knee injury and hooker Jaco Visagie has been ruled out for a minimum of two weeks due to a recurring shoulder knock. Both players were injured during their 28-20 defeat to the Sharks last Wednesday.
Photo: Blue Bulls
BRUSSELS (AP) — Pentagon chief Mattis tells NATO allies to increase defense spending by year's end or US will 'moderate its commitment'
The contract has been awarded to RESA Airport Data Systems for the total transaction amount of EUR 16 229.81 (excluding VAT).
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — An NYPD officer helped keep a man from committing suicide at a hotel in Tribeca early Tuesday.
Officer Theodore Plevritis talked with WCBS 880's Peter Haskell about his encounter with the man at the Sheraton Hotel on Canal Street.
“We got a call for a suicidal male at a hotel – got the call from his mother. She stated that he possibly had a firearm, and he had a plan to kill himself,” Plevritis said.
The situation was as dire as it was described. Plevritis said the man told police to go away when they knocked on the door, but officers said they needed to get in and check on him. He told them to go away again, and they finally got into the room using a hotel room key, Plevritis said.
When Plevritis opened the door, he came upon an emergency situation.
“We saw him sitting on the floor at the end of the bed with a revolver pointed at his head,” he said.
#NYPD cop Theodore Plevritis describes encountering suicidal man w/ a gun to his head. Man eventually gave up. @wcbs880 @NYPDnews pic.twitter.com/7e5kcUuqxF — Peter Haskell (@peterhaskell880) February 14, 2017
VIDEO. A suicidal man w/ a gun was 5ft away & #NYPD Theodore Plevritis convinced him to surrender. WATCH him tell what happened. @wcbs880 pic.twitter.com/jG5admxXsM — Peter Haskell (@peterhaskell880) February 14, 2017
Plevritis was completely exposed, so he just started talking.
“I told him that no matter what was bothering him right now, it wasn't as bad as what he was planning to do,” he said.
The 26-year-old man told him everything was going wrong and he had had enough. But after about three tense minutes, the gun was placed on the floor.
“I'm just happy that it worked out in the best possible way,” Plevritis said.
The man was charged with gun possession and was taken to NYC Health + Hospitals Bellevue.
The U.S. military says that an American soldier has died as a result of injuries sustained during a vehicle incident in eastern Afghanistan.
A statement released by the U.S. forces on Tuesday says that two other American service members were injured in the incident, which took place in eastern Nangarhar province on Monday.
According to the statement, the U.S. forces were not in contact with enemy forces at the time. It says the injured soldiers are receiving medical treatment.
The statement added that U.S. Gen. John Nicholson, commander of the U.S. troops in Afghanistan, expressed his deepest sympathies and prayers to the families and friends of the fallen and injured service members.
It provides no further information. The military did not identify the dead service member.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). A police vehicle blocks a road leading to the scene of an explosion, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Austin, Texas.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). FBI agents meet at the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital late Sunday, after three package bombs deto...
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). A bomb detecting unit walks along a street near the scene of an explosion, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Austin, Texas.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). FBI agents work the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital late Sunday, after three package bombs detonat...
By PAUL J. WEBER and WILL WEISSERT
Associated Press
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Fear mounted across Texas' capital on Monday after the fourth bombing this month - a blast triggered this time by a nearly invisible tripwire, demonstrating what police called a "higher level of sophistication" than the package bombs used in the previous attacks.
Two men were wounded in the explosion Sunday night as they walked near a residential street. The three earlier bombings since March 2 involved parcels that were left on doorsteps and blew up when moved or opened, killing two people and wounding two others.
"We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point, Police Chief Brian Manley said, citing similarities among the four bombs. He would not elaborate.
The latest blast occurred in a different part of Austin, and both of the wounded are white, while the victims in the earlier attacks were black or Hispanic.
Thad Holt, 76, said he is now watching his steps as he makes his way through a section of town near the latest attack. "I think everybody can now say, 'Oh, that's like my neighborhood,'" he said.
The police chief said investigators have yet to establish a motive.
"Is this terrorism? Is this hate-related?" Manley asked. He said investigators will "have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this."
For days, police have been warning people not to touch unexpected or suspicious-looking packages, a chilling thought since doorstep deliveries are more common than ever because of the rise of online shopping. With the latest bombing, though, the attacks took on an even more sinister cast.
Manley said the tripwire design required a higher level of skill to construct and represents a "significant change": While the earlier bombings appeared targeted, the latest one would have hurt anyone who happened to walking by.
"The game went up a little bit - well, it went up a lot yesterday with the tripwire," Christopher Combs, FBI agent in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division, said in an interview.
He told reporters: "We're very concerned that with tripwires a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."
Hundreds of agents from the FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms have joined the investigation, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of ATF, said the latest explosive device was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail.
"It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," he said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."
Milanowski said authorities have checked 500-plus leads since the bombings began and that there have been "persons of interest" in the cases, though they have so far not led to much.
Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.
The latest victims - ages 22 and 23 - suffered what police called significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
The attack happened in the southwestern Austin neighborhood of Travis Country. That is far from the sites of the earlier bombings, which took place east of Interstate 35 and killed a 39-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy and wounded two other people.
The highway has traditionally been seen as a dividing line between the city's more affluent west side and more heavily minority areas to its east. That gave rise to suspicions from police early on that the attacks might be racially motivated.
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers are set to begin arriving.
Fear spread well beyond the blast site.
"This makes me sick," said Andrew Zimmerman, 44, a coffee shop worker on the west side. He said the use of a tripwire adds a "new level" of suspected professionalism that makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
"That's what scares me a little bit," he added.
UPS and FedEx alone made more than 3.2 billion deliveries to U.S. homes last year, more than double from just 10 years ago, according to the industry research firm ShipMatrix.
Erin Mays, 33, recently moved from Los Angeles to the Austin area. Mays said she routinely gets six to eight packages delivered to her door every week and also uses grocery delivery services.
"Everybody talks about how dangerous L.A. is and Austin is supposed to be safer. It's creepy," Mays said. "I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbor kind of stuff."
___
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report.
___
Follow Paul J. Weber on Twitter at https://twitter.com/pauljweber and follow Will Weissert at https://twitter.com/apwillweissert
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DEARBORN HEIGHTS, MI (CBS Local) – A Michigan family is demanding answers after their five-year-old son claims two teachers repeatedly taped his mouth shut and threw out his lunch at school.
“She put the scotch tape on my mouth,” Abdul Dannaoui said, via WNEM. “They said don't tell your mom or dad, or no one.” The Highview Elementary School student reportedly told his parents on March 26 that he had been prevented from eating his lunch as many as 10 times by the two educators. The child has not returned to the school since the latest incident.
“I'm emotionally heartbroken. Disappointed. That's his second home. That's how they treat a child with asthma?” Abdul's mother Hoda Dannaoui told reporters. The boy's parents have filed a police report over the alleged abuse and are reportedly planning to sue the school district for failing to stop the teachers.
“It's outrageous. It's absurd. You think you send your kid to a place or school, where he would be safe,” attorney Nabih Ayad added. According to the family's lawyer, only one of the two teachers has been removed from Highview Elementary.
The substitute teaching assistant was reported on the same day of the last incident and removed from the school. “That's not the type of person we want working for us,” Crestwood School District superintendent Laurine VanValkenburg said, via The Detroit News. “This is not our standard of care. This should not have happened.”
Crestwood School District disputed that the five-year-old had been abused by the teachers prior to March 26. VanValkenburg said that the school has “no knowledge of” other times Dannaoui's mouth was taped shut, however Dearborn Heights Police are now investigating the boy's claims.
Dannaoui's mother said her son won't return to the school until the other teacher accused of assaulting Abdul is fired.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--(NASDAQ:AMZN) – Amazon today announced that Amazon Key, the service that already enables in-home delivery and keyless guest access, now gives customers an option to receive deliveries inside their vehicle. With Amazon Key In-Car, Prime members with compatible vehicles now have the convenience of having packages delivered inside their cars when parked in a publicly accessible area, typically at their home or workplace.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005509/en/
In-car delivery is available at no extra cost for Prime members and is available today in 37 cities and surrounding areas across the U.S. with more cities rolling out over time. Delivery is available on tens of millions of items sold on Amazon.com and works with Same Day, Two-Day and Standard Shipping.
Amazon gave a select number of customers from across the country early access to Amazon Key In-Car; view a video of them sharing their experience here: https://youtu.be/w4akHn0jQCc
“The in-car delivery option is another way Amazon helps ensure that my order is delivered safely and conveniently. Setup was super easy for my OnStar-equipped car—I granted Amazon Key permission to open my car's trunk and the ability to relock my car when done, and that was it,” said Scott L. from Miami, one of the Amazon Prime members who received early access to the service. “I can't wait to check my car's trunk to see what's delivered next!”
To get started, customers download the Amazon Key App and then link their Amazon account with their connected car service account. Once setup is complete and the delivery location has been registered, customers can shop on Amazon.com and select the “In-Car” delivery option at checkout.
On delivery day, the Amazon Key App lets customers check if they've parked within range of the delivery location, and provides notifications with the expected 4-hour delivery time window. The App also notifies customers when the delivery is on its way, and the package has been delivered. Customers can track when their car was unlocked and relocked in the App's activity feed, and rate their in-car delivery.
“Since launching Amazon Key last November, we've safely delivered everything from cameras to collectable coins inside the home. Customers have also told us they love features like keyless guest access and being able to monitor their front door from anywhere with the Amazon Key App,” said Peter Larsen, Vice President of Delivery Technology, Amazon. “In-car delivery gives customers that same peace of mind and allows them to take the Amazon experience with them. And, with no additional hardware or devices required, customers can start ordering in-car delivery today.”
In-car delivery is available to customers with a compatible 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac vehicle with an active OnStar account, and customers with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account. Support for even more vehicle makes and models will be added over time.
“Unlocking Amazon Key In-Car delivery for more than 7 million Chevrolet, Buick, GMC and Cadillac owners is another great example of how we are leveraging the embedded connectivity in our vehicles to provide our customers with services that make their ownership experience more valuable,” said Alan Batey, president, General Motors North America.
Amazon uses multiple layers of verification to ensure the security of in-car deliveries. Each time a delivery driver requests access to a customer's vehicle, Amazon verifies that an authorized driver is at the right location with the right package, through an encrypted authentication process. Once this process is successfully completed, the car is then unlocked. Customers receive a notification via the Amazon Key App after the delivery is completed and the vehicle is relocked. No special codes or keys are ever provided to delivery drivers. For added peace of mind, in-car delivery is backed by Amazon's Happiness Guarantee.
“Simplification of experience for our consumers is central to Volvo's digital vision. Receiving a package securely and reliably in your car, without you having to be there, is something we think many people will appreciate. Our partnership with Amazon now makes this possible for a majority of our customers in the US,” said Atif Rafiq, Chief Digital Officer at Volvo Cars. “This intersection between transportation and commerce could very well be the next wave of innovation, and we intend to be at the forefront.”
In addition to enabling in-car delivery, Amazon Key is a smart entry solution that offers customers keyless entry, remote lock and unlock, and guest access, as well as the option to have packages delivered inside the home.
To check eligibility and to sign up for Amazon Key In-Car, visit www.amazon.com/keyincar.
About Amazon
Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005509/en/
CONTACT: Amazon.com, Inc.
Media Hotline
Amazon-pr@amazon.com
www.amazon.com/pr
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA WASHINGTON
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY ONLINE RETAIL TRANSPORT MOBILE/WIRELESS LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT AUTOMOTIVE RETAIL GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: Amazon.com, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 07:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 07:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005509/en
Monty McCutchen's father raised an interesting point not long ago, and it resonated right away with the former NBA referee who decided to hang up his whistle earlier this season.
"He told me that no decision is real if it is easy," McCutchen said.
McCutchen's move off the floor and into the NBA office was certainly not easy. But instead of calling a few games a week, McCutchen sees his job now as one where he could have a say in how they all get officiated. About a month into his job as an NBA vice president overseeing referee development and training, McCutchen is jumping in with both feet.
He and fellow NBA executive Michelle Johnson are going to be instrumental in the league's plan to improve how players and referees get along. There's going to be more education, more studying, more explaining and more listening — and McCutchen truly believes it will work.
"I'm invigorated by the people I'm working with, Michelle Johnson," McCutchen said. "I'm invigorated by the people in our office who work closely with referee operations. When you work with good people and you work for a good purpose, that invigorates our lives."
Ask players and coaches who the best ref in the game was, and the majority of them would likely say McCutchen. His on-court retirement means this season's NBA Finals will be the first since 1985 where the refereeing corps for the series will not include either him, Joey Crawford or Danny Crawford — all recent retirees.
"It would be disingenuous of me to say I did not miss it," McCutchen said.
___
ROOKIES EVERYWHERE
The addition of two-way contracts seems to be helping more rookies get some NBA run.
There's been 97 rookies on the floor already this season, the most since 1949-50 — the fourth season of the NBA.
Roughly half of this season's rookies were undrafted. And 14 players taken in the 2017 draft have yet to make their NBA debut, including No. 1 overall pick Markelle Fultz of Philadelphia.
Boston and Dallas have each used seven rookies. The Clippers and the Lakers have both played six.
Minnesota and Washington are the exceptions, with no rookies yet to take the floor for either club this season. The Timberwolves have two rookies on the roster, with Amile Jefferson on a two-way and Justin Patton recovering from surgery. The Wizards' lone rookie is Devin Robinson, also on a two-way.
___
REMEMBERING HANK
When Dwyane Wade got drafted in 2003, agent Henry Thomas was right at his side.
Fitting. Wade never left Thomas' side, either.
Thomas died Saturday, after battling health issues for years. He didn't have a huge stable of clients, but his impact was enormous in Miami — with Wade, Chris Bosh and Udonis Haslem all represented by Thomas for years.
He meant so much to Wade and Haslem that when Thomas fell gravely ill last week, they both rushed to be at his bedside and missed games in the process. They did so with the blessing of the Cavaliers and Heat.
___
LOVE HURTS
Kevin Love's broken hand means he will miss the All-Star Game for the second consecutive season because of injury.
This won't make him feel any better, but he's in good company. The only other players in the last 20 years to miss two consecutive All-Star contests because of injuries are Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal.
___
THE WEEK AHEAD
A game of note for each of the next seven days:
— Miami at Cleveland, Wednesday: Dwyane Wade playing against Miami will always look strange.
— Houston at San Antonio, Thursday: The Rockets scored 124 points against the Spurs back in December.
— Portland at Toronto, Friday: A guard showdown, Lillard and McCollum versus Lowry and DeRozan.
— Chicago at L.A. Clippers, Saturday: Both teams were written off early, but are clearly clicking now.
— Charlotte at Phoenix, Sunday: No OT, please — the game should end shortly before the Super Bowl.
— Washington at Indiana, Monday: First of three meetings this season between the East hopefuls.
— Oklahoma City at Golden State, Tuesday: Thunder held the Warriors to 91 points earlier this season.
___
BOOGIE'S YEAR
New Orleans' DeMarcus Cousins was having a year for the record books. Cousins tore his left Achilles' tendon last week, meaning his season will end with him averaging 25.2 points, 12.9 rebounds and 5.4 assists.
That puts him in a most elite club.
The only other NBA players to average at least 25 points, 12 rebounds and five assists in a season are Wilt Chamberlain (twice), Elgin Baylor, Charles Barkley, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Oscar Robertson.
___
RECORD GONE
Lance Stephenson no longer has the most points scored in New York boys high school basketball history.
Joseph Girard III of Glens Falls High School passed Stephenson — who has followed JG3's exploits closely — on Tuesday night. Girard III now has 2,952 points, six more than Stephenson.
Stephenson had been New York's record-holder since Feb. 15, 2009. He passed Sebastian Telfair for the mark, and before Telfair, the record-holder was Kenny Anderson.
___
STAT LINE OF THE WEEK
James Harden, Houston: A Rockets-record 60 points, with 11 assists and 10 rebounds in Houston's win over Orlando on Tuesday night. It was the first 60-point triple-double in NBA history.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Transcript for 'GMA' Hot List: 'Jeopardy!' contestants stumped by football category
62 hot list from GMA today it's just after the Denver Nuggets but they're beating victory over Oklahoma City a fan you can see they're steps onto the court you can write in the faith of Oklahoma City Thunder star Russell Westbrook had never having kids who look different we were down you know lowered his friend. Throw stuff that they say things to you that if you were face to face would audit uniform one big woods. Talking football with the category but not only did all three contestants not get any of them right they didn't even bother to bug didn't. You think we should go to commercial. Looks like no your producer Molly did not know that Eli Manning with a quarterback that's child you know I'm sure she is really appreciating no right. The argument in the lockers give them 39 Mike always thought get obviously it in the perfect job he did. And I could sit down a little fits the development go out on the night and OK I haven't wizardry you who's your favorite team made of all time that Michael Strahan. If these fires and that's the GMA hot list from today we'll see you in the morning on GMA.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
AP photo
International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) has released another report about the military potential of the world in 2017. In the report titled the World Military Balance, experts pointed out the growing military potential of China.
Asia pushed Europe from the second place in the world in terms of defense spending back in 2013. In 2016, the defense spending of Asian countries exceeded that of Europe 1.3 times. The United States remains the undisputed world leader with $604 billion in defense spending. China follows with $145 billion, wheres Russia comes third with $58.9 billion.
The report says that challenges to the military superiority of the West have been getting more serious. China approaches the military parity with the West, the authors of the report concluded.
China used to imitate Soviet and Russian arms. Now it becomes obvious that China has concentrated on its own research and production in the defense industry. This is evidenced by the growth of funding for the purpose, the report in particularly said.
China has started working on three new large missile destroyers, type 055. The country already has five state-of-the-art, type 052D destroyers, while eight more are to be commissioned in 2017- 2018.
Speaking of Russia, IISS experts noted that the use of Russian weapons in Syria since September 2015 indicates that Russia continues to modernize its armed forces, the Kommersant reports.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
(Ron Baselice/The Dallas Morning News via AP). Dallas Police look for a suspect in the shooting of two police officers and a civilian Tuesday, April, 24,2018. Police are near ExtraSpace Storage, south of The Home Depot. Officer in the foreground is beh...
(Ron Baselice/The Dallas Morning News via AP). Dallas Police look for a suspect in the shooting of two police officers Tuesday afternoon April, 24,2018. Police are near ExtraSpace Storage, south of Home Depot.
(Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News via AP). Law enforcement officers stand guard at the driveway entrance to the emergency room at Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas. Two Dallas policemen were reportedly shot at a nearby Home Depot and reportedly were ...
DALLAS (AP) - Two Dallas police officers were critically wounded in a shooting Tuesday outside a home improvement store, authorities said.
Police Chief U. Renee Hall said a store loss-prevention officer also was shot in the incident about 4:15 p.m. outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.
In a tweet about the shooting Tuesday evening, the Dallas Police Department said the officers were critically wounded. During a news conference Tuesday night at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, Hall declined to give an update on their conditions, citing consideration for the privacy of the officers' families.
"We're asking you to continue praying for our officers," Hall said.
The two police officers went to the store to assist an off-duty police officer with taking a man into custody and then the shooting happened.
A 29-year-old man is being sought as a person of interest. Hall said the man left the scene in a white pickup truck.
"I continue to be upset at the lack of respect of our police in this city and in our country," said Mayor Mike Rawlings, who also attended the hospital news conference.
In 2016, four Dallas police officers and a transit officer were shot dead by a sniper in an ambush that came toward the end of a peaceful protest over the police killings of black men that had occurred in other cities.
___
This story has been corrected to show that the fatal shooting of five officers in Dallas was during a protest in 2016, not 2006.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Switzerland's new foreign minister on Wednesday doubled down on his criticism of UNRWA, the UN's agency for “Palestinian refugees”, reported The Associated Press.
The minister, Ignazio Cassis, said the international community should decide UNRWA has become a "state within a state," questioning whether the Swiss should continue to help funding it.
Earlier this month, Cassis said that UNRWA is fuelling "unrealistic" hopes of the so-called “Palestinian right of return” and is therefore helping keep the Mideast conflict alive. He also said that UNRWA “has become part of the problem.”
Cassis told RTS radio Wednesday that it's his job to question Swiss public funding for UNRWA. Switzerland has given he agency more than $20 million annually in the last five years, and plans to continue similar funding through 2020, noted AP.
The U.S. announced in January it would cut some of its funding to UNRWA, citing a need to undertake a fundamental re-examination of the organization, both in the way it operates and the way it is funded.
It later received pledges of $100 million in additional funding from Qatar, Canada, Switzerland, Turkey, New Zealand, Norway, Korea, Mexico, Slovakia, India and France as a means of making up for the aid that was cut by Washington.
UNRWA's representative in New York has warned that the organization is facing an "existential financial crisis" following the U.S. cut.
UNRWA, meanwhile, is notorious for its anti-Israel activities. During the 2014 counterterrorism Operation Protective Edge, Hamas rockets were discovered inside a school building run by UNRWA.
Likewise, a booby-trapped UNRWA clinic was detonated, killing three IDF soldiers. Aside from the massive amounts of explosives hidden in the walls of the clinic, it was revealed that it stood on top of dozens of terror tunnels, showing how UNRWA is closely embedded with Hamas.
More recently, the director of UNRWA operations in Gaza expressed his support for the anti-Israel marches along the Israel-Gaza border and pledged that the organization's medical centers will provide care for “Palestinian refugees” who might sustain injuries during them.
Travel writer Jan Henderson appreciates a welcome return to the popular Italian ski resort.
NEVER go back, they say – but whoever “they” are, I suspect they have never been skiing in Sestriere. I've been back to the Italian resort three times now – it's been great each time, and I'll go back again if I get the chance.
My most recent visit was in early February this year, courtesy of Crystal Ski Holidays and the Vialattea tourist office – and in a season blighted by a lack of good early snow, our visit was blessed with an abundance of the white stuff, with a big dump of snow just before we arrived. Fresh snow and clear blue skies will obviously make any ski resort look its best, but I have skied Sestriere and the Vialattea (Milky Way) when snow conditions have been less than great, and the resort's north-west facing runs and high position (2040 metres, with the highest lift at 2840 metres) usually mean that there's still plenty of good skiing to be enjoyed.
The recent snowfall meant that our coach struggled to reach the resort, as the driver was reluctant to put on the snow chains after the two-hour or so transfer from Turin airport – but we eventually slithered through to arrive at the welcoming Hotel du Col. The low-rise hotel must be the best placed in the resort for skiers as it is literally at the foot of the slopes, with a selection of chairlifts just a short walk from the boot room.
The recently-refurbished hotel has stylish, modern and comfortable twin, triple, quad and single en-suite rooms to suit a variety of group needs, while the large self-service restaurant offers regional and Italian specialities to suit every taste. The bar downstairs is a congenial place to while away an hour or two and swap ski stories with your friends and other guests.
If you are looking for serious nightlife, Sestriere is probably not the place to be – Souze d'Oulx, pretty much next-door in the Vialattea ski area, is famous/notorious for that – but that's not to say Sestriere has no après ski or places to go when the lifts shut for the day. Liveliest is GFC (Gargote Fashion Café), accessible by ski or a short walk up the slope from the resort, which aims to be an Italian-style Folie Douce après ski party/music venue, and gets very busy indeed as the day's skiing draws to a close, but also has themed events in the evenings.
However, if you prefer your après ski a little more restrained, a stroll around town will show plenty of bars and restaurants. The Italians love their food, and the restaurants reflect this, with destinations to reflect most tastes and budget. Our group was fortunate to eat out one evening at the splendid Principe di Piemonte hotel on the edge of town – also available on Crystal's hotel roster – where the food for guests is a cut above, and that's without venturing into their gourmet Belle Epoque restaurant.
The passion for good food extends to the slopes themselves, where there are plenty of places to stop off for anything from a hot chocolate or a beer to a full lunch. The Refugio Aquila Nera, easily accessed in the centre of the Bancetta Bowl above Sestriere, and the Ristorante Monte Triplex in Sportina both did our little group proud with extensive arrays of local and traditional delicacies – fuelling us up for a few more hours of afternoon skiing.
Which leads me neatly to the skiing itself – after all, that's the main reason you'll be spending your hard-earned cash to visit the resort. The majority of British skiers heading to the slopes each winter fall into the intermediate category – and Sestriere, and indeed the whole Vialattea area, is intermediate heaven. The area lift pass covers the massive 400 kilometre Milky Way area, with 109 of the 200-plus runs designated intermediate, and these range from the high, open Olympic runs well above the tree line at the top of Sestriere to long wooded pistes down towards the Borgata area. There's a similar mix of terrains across the whole area, and an average intermediate will have no trouble skiing across to the other main resorts of Pragelato, Sansicario, Cesan, Claviere and the aforementioned Souze d'Oulx.
The far reaches of the Vialattea even stretch across the border to the French resort of Montgenevre – well worth a visit, but includes a number of long, often chilly chairlifts. A better option is to take advantage of the away-day Crystal excursion – a 45 minute coach ride that gets you to Montgenevre as the lifts open and gives you a full day on their pistes, rather than spending a good part of the day trekking there and back.
For more advanced skiers the huge Amfiteatro bowl offers excellent skiing, and the black runs at the top of Motta and Sises provide a challenge for experts. The famous Kandahar Slalom and Kandahar Banchetta runs are used in World Championship races. I'm no off-piste skier myself, but am reliably informed that Sestriere has plenty of off-piste opportunities. The Monginevro Pass has a lot of easily accessible bowls from the lifts or with a short hike on skins, while the route down to Pragelato involves a lovely open bowl at the beginning followed by some exciting lines through a larch forest.
For beginners, slopes fan out in an arc from the ski school meeting place in the centre of Sestriere – right next to the Hotel du Col - with easy runs from the two baby lifts and the Jolly, while to the right of the area are two drag lifts, ideal for first timers.
A six day high season area pass, which covers all lifts on the Italian side of the Milky Way area plus one day skiing in Montgenèvre, is £166 for adults and £31 for a child under seven – actually pretty reasonable for 400-odd kilometres of piste when you compare it with about £250 for a six day Tignes/Val d'Isere pass or £265 for the Trois Vallees in France.
Add the relaxed, genuinely welcoming Italian atmosphere to the fantastic skiing, comfortable hotels coupled with great food and drink and you'll quickly see why so many Brits – myself included – are happy to keep going back to Sestriere.
Jan Henderson travelled to Sestriere with Crystal Ski Holidays (www.crystalski.co.uk; 020 8610 3123), who offer a week's half board at the four-star Hotel du Col in Sestriere, Italy, from £689 per person (based on two sharing) including flights from Gatwick to Turin and transfers (price given is for departure on 8 April 2018). Direct flights available from all major UK airports.
LEIPZIG, Germany & WASHINGTON & CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--European Energy Exchange (EEX) and IncubEx are pleased to announce the expansion of their partnership into North America via EEX Group's US-based platform Nodal Exchange. The global cooperation agreement between EEX and IncubEx, which started in August 2017, aims to build and improve liquidity in environmental and other contracts globally.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005738/en/
IncubEx will work with Nodal Exchange and Nodal Clear to launch a broad suite of North American environmental contracts in the second half of 2018. These contracts will be listed and cleared alongside Nodal's existing portfolio of energy products.
Nodal has established itself as a leader in innovation, offering over one thousand futures and options contracts on hundreds of unique locations within the electricity markets, providing the most effective basis risk management available to market participants.
Paul Cusenza, CEO of Nodal Exchange, said: “We're delighted to be working with IncubEx on the introduction of environmental contracts to our market participants. These new products are fully complementary and a very useful addition to Nodal's core business. Our cooperation with IncubEx in the fields of product development, marketing, and sales will help us continue to meet the needs of our growing and evolving markets.”
Dan Scarbrough, President & COO of IncubEx, said: “Nodal has established a strong presence in North American energy markets through innovation and a focus on their customers. We are excited to work with them to build upon this success and further expand their product offering into environmental markets.”
Peter Reitz, CEO of EEX, said: “In the past months, we've successfully worked together with IncubEx to promote our environmental market segment in Europe. The partnership made an important contribution to the recent growth in volume and open interest. We're excited to expand our offering to North America this year which further strengthens EEX Group's global presence.”
Neil Eckert, Chairman of IncubEx, said: “The North American market is set to become the world's largest traded environmental market. This development is a key step forward in executing on our strategy of developing a presence across global environmental and weather markets.”
About EEX
The European Energy Exchange (EEX) is the leading energy exchange in Europe which develops, operates and connects secure, liquid and transparent markets for energy and related products. As part of EEX Group, a group of companies serving international commodity markets, EEX offers contracts on Power and Emission Allowances as well as Freight and Agricultural Products.
EEX Group consists of the following companies: European Energy Exchange (EEX), the European Power Exchange (EPEX SPOT), Powernext, Cleartrade Exchange, Power Exchange Central Europe (PXE), Gaspoint Nordic, Nodal Exchange and the clearing companies European Commodity Clearing (ECC) and Nodal Clear. EEX Group is based in 16 worldwide locations and is part of Deutsche Börse Group.
About IncubEx
IncubEx is an incubator for exchange traded products, services, and technology solutions. At its core, IncubEx is a product and business development firm. The company works in conjunction with its global exchange partner, European Energy Exchange (EEX) and other leading service providers and stakeholders to design and develop new financial products in global environmental, reinsurance, and related commodity markets. The company has a specific focus on innovation and continuous improvement of products and services, including technology, trading solutions, and operational efficiencies. The IncubEx team is comprised of former key Climate Exchange executives and is uniquely positioned to capture these opportunities with its partners. The company was founded in 2016 and currently has offices in Chicago and London.
About Nodal Exchange
Nodal Exchange is a derivatives exchange providing price, credit and liquidity risk management solutions to participants in the North American energy markets. Nodal Exchange is a leader in innovation, having introduced the world's largest set of electric power locational (nodal) futures contracts. As part of EEX Group, a group of companies serving international commodity markets, Nodal Exchange currently offers over 1,000 contracts on hundreds of unique locations, providing the most effective basis risk management available to market participants. In addition, Nodal Exchange offers a Henry Hub natural gas contract providing cross-margining benefits with participant's power portfolios. All Nodal Exchange contracts are cleared by Nodal Clear which is a CFTC registered derivatives clearing organization. Nodal Exchange is a designated contract market regulated by the CFTC.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005738/en/
CONTACT: EEX Public Relations
+49 341 21 56 – 300 (Leipzig)
+44 20 7862 7568 (London)
presse@eex.com
www.eex.com
or
IncubEx Public Relations
+1 (312) 464-9801 (Chicago)
+44 (0) 203 965 2000 (London)
press@theincubex.com
www.theincubex.com
or
Nodal Exchange
Nicole Ricard
+1 (703) 962-9816 (Tysons Corner)
ricard@nodalexchange.com
www.nodalexchange.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CANADA DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ILLINOIS GERMANY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY COAL OIL/GAS UTILITIES OTHER ENERGY ENVIRONMENT NUCLEAR
SOURCE: European Energy Exchange (EEX) and IncubEX and Nodal Exchange
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:53 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:53 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005738/en
The Gettysburg College Anti-Capitalist Collective (GACC) assembled a “Trump wall” made of paper boxes in the school's library labeled, “THIS IS THE WALL THAT TRUMP IS BUILDING.”
Seven individual signs plastered on the boxes raised criticisms of Trump's executive order on immigration, laws pertaining to violence against police officers, the U.S. military presence in Yemen, and several Trump appointees.
“They claim all these things are racist just because they go against the GACC agenda.”
[RELATED: Students plan wave of protests against ‘demonic' Trump EO]
“1//28/2017 (Day 8): STEVE BANNON ON NSC. Trump names former editor of Breitbart news and his chief strategist Steve Bannon to the Principals Committee (PC) of the National Security Council (NSC),” one of the signs states before going on to assert that “Breitbart news is unfamous as a haven for white nationalists, neo-Nazis, and anti-semitists. Bannon himself has a record of anti-semitism (from his divorce proceedings), and islamophobia (from his infamous ‘why let them in?' comments).”
“Senate votes 51-50 confirming Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education with a tiebreaking vote from VP Mike Pence, the first ever,” declares another sign. “DeVos, a billionaire Republican donor and fundraiser with little experience in education, is a lifetime supporter of private and for-profit schools, and has a history of seeking to divert funds from vulnerable public schools” [emphasis in original].
Dan Cresci, a sophomore at Gettysburg College, told Campus Reform that he doesn't believe the claims against Sessions and Bannon were a sufficient enough argument.
“Their main claims against Sessions and Bannon weren't about their qualifications, but only that they are ‘racists' and ‘white nationalists,” he pointed out. “They claim all these things are racist just because they go against the GACC agenda.”
Another student took no stance on the box display, but emphasized that the campus library should be kept as an area for studying, not political controversy.
[RELATED: VIDEO: Michigan students occupy library to protest Trump victory]
“While I think exercising the right to free speech is imperative in a democracy, I feel as though the library is an inappropriate location for such demonstrations, regardless of my views on the sentiments expressed,” Guilia DiGuglielmo told Campus Reform. “The library should remain a quiet, inviting place where students can focus on their studies: the reason they are on this campus.”
Two students, however, while unaffiliated with the GACC, did express support for the display.
“The wall is a way to show headlines and events that have happened since Trump was elected to students who might not be aware of their occurrence,” Zach Rhodes innocently described the exhibit. “It is important to have a physical record of some decisions the administration has made in a time where information moves in and out of consciousness quickly.”
Similarly, Claire Bickertold opined that “the Trump Wall is a good representation of the damage that he is doing to the country,” adding that “it allows us to remember how fast the country is deteriorating.”
[RELATED: Clemson faculty sign up for anti-Trump protest group]
Jerome Clark, the current President of GACC at Gettysburg College, did not respond to Campus Reform's request for comment, and it remains unclear how long the display will remain in the Musselman Library or whether the student group plans on updating it with further information about the Trump administration.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @a_nlopez
ELIZABETH, N.J. (AP) — A lawyer for man accused of setting off bombs in New Jersey and New York City who wants charges related to a shootout dismissed.
NJ.com reports (http://bit.ly/2lPSTJN ) Union County Deputy Public Defender Peter Liguori, who is representing Ahmad Rahimi, filed pre-trial motions, including one to strike repetitive counts in the indictment against Rahimi.
Twenty-eight-year-old Rahimi is charged with five counts of attempted murder for the Sept. 19 gun battle in Linden, New Jersey. At the time, he was being sought for planting bombs in Manhattan, near a charity run in Seaside Park, and in a trash can in Elizabeth.
Liguori argues prosecutors failed to present sufficient evidence to support charges he tried to kill Linden police officers.
Rahimi is also facing a federal trial over the bomb charges.
___
Information from: NJ.com, http://www.nj.com
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Angels throws a first inning pitch while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Angels throws a second inning pitch while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Detroit Tigers third baseman Jeimer Candelario steps over Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons as Simmons is out on a fielder's choice hit into by Martin Maldonado during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Los Angeles Angels center fielder Mike Trout catches a fly ball for the out on Detroit Tigers' Niko Goodrum during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Detroit Tigers starting pitcher Mike Fiers throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Detroit Tigers shortstop Dixon Machado (49) and center fielder Leonys Martin can't come up with a fly ball by Los Angeles Angels' Martin Maldonado during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. Andrelton Simmons was forced out at third on the play, and Maldonado was safe at first. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Angels waits to throw a first inning pitch while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Angels throws a first inning pitch while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Zack Cozart #7 of the Los Angeles Angels smiles at third base while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Angels throws a third inning pitch while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Angels throws a second inning pitch while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
Los Angeles Angels catcher Martin Maldonado looks towards the dugout during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Mike Trout #27 of the Los Angeles Angels celebrates scoring a third inning run with teammates while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Shohei Ohtani #17 of the Los Angeles Angels throws a third inning pitch while playing the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Shohei Ohtani tags Detroit Tigers' Jeimer Candelario after Candelario grounded out to the pitcher during the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Shohei Ohtani puts on his jacket during the second inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
A Canada goose lands near the pitching mound during the sixth inning of a baseball game between the Detroit Tigers and the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: JaCoby Jones #21 of the Detroit Tigers slides under the tag of Martin Maldonado #12 of the Los Angeles Angels to score in the fifth inning at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: JaCoby Jones #21 of the Detroit Tigers slides past the tag of Martin Maldonado #12 of the Los Angeles Angels to score in the fifth inning at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
The Tigers' JaCoby Jones slides past the tag of Angels catcher Martin Maldonado to score during the fifth inning of Wednesday's game at Comerica Park in Detroit. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
DETROIT, MI – MAY 30: Dixon Machado #49 of the Detroit Tigers scores a sixth inning run past Martin Maldonado #12 of the Los Angeles Angels at Comerica Park on May 30, 2018 in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
Rain clouds darken the Detroit skyline during the fourth inning of a baseball game between the Detroit Tigers and the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
DETROIT — Shohei Ohtani's strong start was undone by two rain delays and two rough outings by Angels relievers.
After a second rain delay ended Ohtani's night, relievers Cam Bedrosian and Jim Johnson gave up five runs in the sixth inning of what would become a 6-1 loss to the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday night.
Bedrosian gave up a hit to the first batter he faced, followed by a walk and a hit batter to load the bases. After a strikeout, he gave up a two-run single to José Iglesias, ending his night and putting the Angels behind 3-1.
Johnson entered and gave up two more hits, the deficit growing to 6-1.
It all prompted calls of “Rally Goose,” from the rain-soaked Tigers fans, who had just witnessed an odd spectacle.
A goose had parked itself in right field during the night's second rain delay. After the grounds crew came to chase it away, the goose took off and flew directly into a scoreboard on the first-base side, plummeting to the lower deck about 10 rows behind the Angels dugout. Some fans and ballpark staff attended to the goose, and the Tigers soon announced that the bird was OK, safely set free outside the ballpark.
As the ballpark was still buzzing from that odd sight, Bedrosian was imploding. Although Bedrosian has struggled to find his consistency ever since coming back from the disabled list last summer, he had allowed just two runs in his previous 8-1/3 innings.
Bedrosian's disappointing game wasted the five innings from Ohtani.
Pitching his first game since May 20, after the Angels gave him a few extra days for “workload management,” Ohtani gave up one run on three hits, with five strikeouts. His night ended after a 41-minute rain delay, the second of the night.
Ohtani came out of the gate throwing 92-94 mph in the first inning. He gave up two walks and a hit and a run. After that, he showed that he could increase his velocity to get out of a jam.
He threw a 98 mph fastball to get Victor Martinez on a pop-up, ending the third. In the fifth, after a 23-minute rain delay, Ohtani got into a two-out jam on a walk and a double. He then turned it up again, throwing pitches at 99 mph and 101 mph – his hardest pitch of the season – to get Jeimer Candelario on a bouncer back to the mound.
Unfortunately for the Angels, that was Ohtani's last pitch of the night.
More to come on this story.
Congratulations Jenny Hesoun, you are our Pal's Photo in a Flash winner for Monday, August 14th!
We select our winners each day and feature the winning photos on News Channel 11 at 5:00 p.m. and 5:30 p.m.
Enter our Pal's Photo in a Flash contest by emailing your best photo to wininaflash@wjhl.com.
If your photo is featured in our newscasts, simply stop by to pick up your FREE coffee mug Monday – Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
If you were a Pal's Photo in a Flash winner since January 1, 2016, you can stop by the station or call 423-926-2151 to arrange to pick up your mug.
If you live quite a distance from our studios, be sure to call the above number so that we can make arrangements for you.
Have your say
Sunderland Harriers won one gold, two silvers and one bronze medal in the Durham City Harriers' Summer Cross Country Relays at Maiden Castle.
The bumper medal haul came in front of a massive 164 teams finishing the two 3x3000m events.
The Wearsiders' senior team were the first off and they came close to winning their event, losing out to Tyne Bridge Harriers by just 10 seconds.
Lead-off man Andy Powell finished third (9min 17sec) to set the team up for a positive result.
Next off was Oliver James, who put the royal blue vests into the lead with his 9.06 clocking. But anchor Michael Wilson, well short of racing fitness, slipped to second after his 9.28 stint.
Houghton Harriers ran well for fifth place after junior Alex Brown recorded the second fastest time of the day on winning the opening leg (9.05).
His club-mates were Lee Dover (9.36) and Shawn Kerry (11.13).
Tyne Bridge Harrier James Dunce was the fastest runner on the course, clocking 8.59, with Sunderland Harrier Oliver James was the third quickest.
Sunderland Harriers' Over-35 veteran team won their event after Tim Field opened with 10.25 before Paul Blakey (9.47) missed the finishing funnel and had to dive under the tape to be recorded.
This added five valuable seconds to anchorman Ian Dixon's time, who found himself sharing the fastest time with North Shields athlete Graeme Cook's (9.36) in bringing Sunderland into first.
The Sunderland women's teams not to be outdone and they saw their seniors finish second to Birtley, for whom Lydia Turner was the fastest runner on show (10.06)
The Sunderland team had Alice Smith, with the third best time (11.10), followed by Amy Callaghan (12.34) and a good run from Jess Fox (11.39).
The veterans were third thanks to Jacqueline Etherington (11.26), Nikki Woodward (11.56) and Colleen Compson (12.57).
Yesterday's Darlington town centre 10k saw a new course record set, with Dominic Shaw, second in the Sunderland 5k in July, winning £1100 for his performance.
The New Marske runner took four seconds off the old mark to clock 30.02 to win the £500 bonus to add to his £600 for winning the race.
Liverpool Harrier Johnny Mellor was second (30.07) and Saltwell Harrier Abraham Tewelde was third (30.22).
Sunderland Harriers had Gavin Massingham 16th (33.26) and Paul Redman second Over-50 in 51st (36.52).
The women's race was won by Leeds City Harrier Emma Clayton (35.13) with Birtley's Tracy Millmore (Birtley) finishing third (36.15). Sunderland's Alice Smith was sixth woman (38.32).
A study into the potential re-opening of a historic rail link between Skipton and Lancashire was expected to be announced by Transport Secretary Chris Grayling today.
Mr Grayling was set to visit the Lancashire town of Colne this morning to announce a feasibility study into the value of bringing the 11-and-a-half mile Skipton-Colne line back into use.
The route, which opened in October 1848, has been the subject of years of determined efforts to bring it back into use since being closed in February 1970.
As well as making it much harder for people in Lancashire to reach Skipton for work, and vice versa, the lack of a rail link between the two nearby towns is said to limit the vital East-West transport connections the North needs to thrive.
Representatives from Drax and Skipton Building Society were both at a recent meeting in Westminster which was seen by campaigners as a turning point in their fight to re-open the line.
The Westminster meeting was attended by MPs from both parties, and representatives from Lancashire, Bradford and North Yorkshire councils, professional services firm Arup and Peel Ports in Liverpool.
In November, Mr Grayling announced plans to expand the rail network by restoring services lost under the Beeching cuts in a bid to increase jobs and growth.
The Government said it will invite proposals to re-open lines that were closed down following reports by Dr Richard Beeching in the 1960s, or under later British Rail cuts in the 1970s.
It is understood that the feasibility study for the Skipton-Colne line is being co-commissioned by the Department for Transport and Transport for the North and will be completed later in 2018.
Keighley MP John Grogan, who campaigned for the re-opening of the line, said: “This announcement follows an intensive cross-party campaign over the last year backed by business such as Drax Power Station and both Liverpool and Hull Ports.
“Restoring the link between Skipton and Colne Is by far the cheapest and quickest way of increasing Trans Pennine rail links for both freight and passenger traffic. There is now the realistic prospect that the industrial towns on both sides of the Pennines like Burnley and Keighley will be linked by rail to each other and to Leeds and Manchester sometime before 2025.”
WASHINGTON -
Thousands of children are heading to the White House for its biggest social event of the year: the annual Easter Egg Roll.
There had been some hand-wringing over whether President Donald Trump and his wife, Melania, would be able to pull off a successful “egg-stravaganza.” Both the president and first lady have been slow to fill White House staff jobs.
But a downsized version of the 139-year-old event is kicking off early Monday on the South Lawn.
The White House is expecting more than 21,000 children and adults to attend the festivities. That's down from the 35,000 people who attended last year.
The first lady tweeted over the weekend that she's looking forward to hosting the Easter Egg Roll. The event was first held in 1878.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. & SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Silver Airways and Seaborne Airlines today announced that Silver's acquisition of Seaborne's business and assets has successfully closed, creating a leading independent airline to serve the Caribbean, Bahamas, Florida, and beyond.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005900/en/
The acquisition brings together two strong independent airlines with similar Saab 340B fleets, complementary route networks, and common codeshare/interline partners. With the upcoming deployment of Silver's recently announced new fleet of state-of-the-art ATR-600s across both networks, the combined airline will have an expanded range, allowing it to better serve passengers and markets while creating more opportunities for employees and greater value for its business partners.
“I am thrilled to welcome the Seaborne team members to the Silver family as together we create one of the nation's leading independent airlines in a transaction that will benefit our guests, team members, and the communities we serve, as well as both airlines' valued codeshare and interline partnerships with most major U.S. carriers,” said Silver Airways CEO Steve Rossum. “This transaction brings together two strong and historic independent airlines with amazing employees, an excellent track record of operational safety, respect for our people and our communities, and great service for our passengers.”
“We at Seaborne are excited about this partnership with Silver Airways and the opportunities that it can provide,” said Seaborne CEO Ben Munson. “Despite the devastating impact of Hurricanes Irma and Maria, our resilient and dedicated employees at Seaborne have successfully restructured our company with the support of our loyal passengers. We are well positioned to grow with an airline that shares our common goals of success, and are very pleased that San Juan and the U.S. Virgin Islands will continue to be significant for Silver and Seaborne.”
The combined airline will continue operating Silver's route network in the Bahamas, Florida, and beyond under the Silver Airways banner and Seaborne's route network throughout Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the Caribbean under the Seaborne name. The total fleet now consists of 31 aircraft, including Saab 340 and de Havilland Twin Otter seaplane aircraft. Silver is also the North American launch customer for the eco-friendly ATR-600 aircraft in the U.S. Silver took delivery of the first 46-seat ATR-42 earlier this month and has a firm order for 19 additional ATR-600s and up to 30 additional purchase rights.
Tickets for Silver Airways will continue to be available on SilverAirways.com and bookings for Seaborne will continue on SeaborneAirlines.com. Seaborne passengers will be able to earn and redeem frequent traveler miles under Seaborne's SeaMiles program. Initially, Seaborne will continue to operate under its own certificate as a standalone operating subsidiary of Silver. The merger of the two airlines' operating functions, joint branding, and streamlining of the guest experience is expected to occur during the next year.
Steve Rossum of Silver Airways will serve as CEO of the combined airline. Ben Munson will resume his role as president of aviation consulting firm Embark Aviation, and continue as a valued advisor to the company. The combined airline will employ nearly 1,000 aviation professionals and will be headquartered at Silver Airways' offices in Fort Lauderdale under the leadership of executives from both Silver and Seaborne. Corporate and operations support functions will continue at locations in Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Tampa, San Juan, and St. Croix, U.S.V.I.
About Silver Airways
Silver Airways is proud to be Florida's First Airline. As the first commercial carrier founded in Florida and still operating today, Silver has the most routes within Florida and between Florida and the Bahamas from its hubs in Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, and Tampa. Silver is a codeshare partner with United, JetBlue, and Avianca, and has interline agreements with American, Delta, Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, All Nippon Airways, Bahamasair, Hahn Air, and Azul. Silver operates a fleet of highly-reliable Saab 340 aircraft, and starting in 2018, Silver is renewing and expanding its fleet with up to 50 new eco-friendly ATR-600s. Silver is honored to be the North American launch customer for the all new, redesigned ATR-600 offering best-in-class quiet cabins, premium leather seats with more legroom, and spacious overhead bins that accommodate full-size, carry-on roller bags. Silver is owned by affiliates of Philadelphia-based investment firm Versa Capital Management, LLC. To learn more about the refined passenger experience coming soon to Silver, visit www.silverairways.com/destinations/atr42.
About Seaborne
Seaborne Airlines, the largest Caribbean based regional airline for over 25 years, operates iconic de Haviland DHC-Twin Otter seaplanes and an airport-based Saab 340B fleet that services the beautiful islands throughout the Caribbean. Seaborne is a codeshare partner with American, Delta, JetBlue, and Vieques Airlink, and has interline agreements with United and Hahn Air. With over 1,500 monthly departures to 12 airports, Seaborne serves San Juan's Luis Muñoz Marin International Airport, St. Thomas airport and seaplane base, St. Croix airport and seaplane base, Anguilla, Antigua, Dominica, Saint Maarten, St. Kitts, Tortola, and Nevis. Find information on Seaborne at: www.seaborneairlines.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005900/en/
CONTACT: Silver Airways
Media Contact:
Misty Stoller, 954-292-8169
mediarelations@silverairways.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES BAHAMAS NORTH AMERICA CARIBBEAN FLORIDA PUERTO RICO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRANSPORT AIR TRAVEL VACATION TRANSPORTATION OTHER TRAVEL
SOURCE: Silver Airways
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 10:45 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 10:45 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005900/en
India's space agency said it successfully launched more than 100 foreign nano satellites into orbit Wednesday aboard a single rocket.
The Indian Space Research Organization said the nano satellites — those weighing less than 10 kilograms (22 pounds) — were sent into orbit on board its polar satellite launch vehicle in southern India.
The agency said the launching of the 104 satellites was a record, overtaking Russia's feat of sending 37 satellites in a single launch in 2014.
The nano satellites belong to various companies in the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Israel, the Netherlands and Kazakhstan, according to the ISRO.
"All 104 satellites were successfully placed in orbit," the Press Trust of India news agency quoted ISRO Chairman A.S. Kiran Kumar as saying. They included an Indian earth observation satellite.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted that the "remarkable feat by ISRO is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation."
India has been striving to become a player in the multibillion-dollar space launch market, and has successfully placed light satellites into orbit in recent years. It hopes to eventually send astronauts into space.
In September 2014, India successfully guided a spacecraft into orbit around Mars. Only the United States, the former Soviet Union and the European Space Agency had been able to previously do that.
If the city moves forward with an ambitious plan to guide office and housing development in Central SoMa, Pinterest hopes to add a vertical 11-story addition to its headquarters at 505 Brannan St.A proposal filed by TMG Partners , one of the original six-story building developers, includes an 11-story addition that would add 165,000 square feet to the site and bring its height to 240 feet.The current building offers 129,450 square feet in office space and is 85 feet tall, but the site is permitted for a structure 250 feet tall, according to SF Planning documents.The addition is anticipated to cost $38 million.The project will contribute to the city's affordable housing development efforts by paying "substantial fees to the Jobs-Housing Linkage Program ," as well as complying with other Central SoMa neighborhood requirements, according to documents TMG filed with SF Planning.According to the city, the current Jobs-Linkage Housing fee for office space is about $26.95/gross square foot, which could add up to more than $4 million for the proposed 165,000-square-foot addition.The project would also generate about $3.4 million in fees to support public transportation, and 1 percent of the project cost would go toward public art on site or elsewhere.The Central SoMa plan , as formally introduced by Acting Mayor Mark Ferrell and District 6 Supervisor and mayoral candidate Jane Kim last month, intends to add 40,000 new jobs and 7,000 associated housing units in the area South of Market and North of Townsend between 2nd and 6th streets.The plan has been crafted over the past six years "to take advantage of the $1.57 billion Central Subways," reports the. At least 33 percent of the housing will be permanently affordable and the new development in the neighborhood is expected to generate nearly half a billion dollars in funding for local and regional transit improvements, according to SF Planning.The housing stock in Eastern SoMa is currently 25 percent single-room occupancy hotels, catering to the lowest income residents in the city.According to the ordinance to be considered by the SF Planning Commission later this month, the plan aims to retain SRO hotels, which primarily serve "elderly, disabled, and single-person households."SF Planning's Historic Preservation Committee is slated to consider legislation adopting the Central SoMa plan on Wednesday, March 21st, and the Planning Commission will get a briefing on the legislative package the following day.The Planning Commission cannot take formal action on the plan until the environmental review is complete. The environmental impact report could be certified at the commission's April 12th meeting, according to a notice sent to stakeholders last week.Once the plan is adopted, the city's review of TMG Partner's proposed addition to 505 Brannan can move forward.
The Knesset on Monday night approved the first reading of a bill relating to party primaries, proposed by MK David Amsalem (Likud).
The bill proposes an arrangement that would allow candidates in primaries to receive state funding to finance their expenses, while candidates who are elected officials in the government or the Knesset will receive funding from the state treasury for their expenditure on the permitted spending ceiling on the one hand, but will no longer be allowed to raise funds or receive any loans to finance expenses.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Ground may break on the 10,000-square-foot library expansion next month, according to Precinct 2 Commissioner Butch Barton. Barton said that a Library Expansion Construction Committee, similar to the one that oversaw the YMCA project, has been formed and will meet every other Wednesday at 11 a.m. in the meeting room at Annex 1, 1410 W. Pearl St. The first first meeting is planned for Oct. 18.
A manhunt for a suspect who authorities say killed an elderly man and then posted the video on Facebook expanded outside Ohio, with police calling on residents of nearby states to be on alert. CNN reports.
London fire commissioner says it will take weeks for high-rise building in inferno tragedy to be searched and 'cleared'
Building a slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here are the big takeaways:
Google has announced Partner Interconnect, which allows SMBs to establish a semi-dedicated connection of partial circuits between 50Mbps and 10Gbps.
At launch, 23 connection partners globally are participating in the Google Partner Interconnect cloud service.
Google has announced Google Cloud Partner Interconnect, a flexible means of establishing a direct connection between an on-premises data center and Google's platform for hybrid cloud deployments. Partner Interconnect allows organizations to connect to Google Cloud through 23 partners around the globe, according to a Google press release.
While Google's Dedicated Interconnect offering—which reached general availability last October—is only available in 10Gbps full circuits, Partner Interconnect allows users to select partial circuits from 50Mbps to 10Gbps to meet the requirements of SMBs, the release said.
Participating partners include AT&T, Cologix, Internet2, and Verizon in North America; AT TOKYO, KDDI, NRI, NTT, and Softbank in Japan; BT, Orange, Telemares, and Telia Carrier in EMEA; and Macquarie and Megaport in Australia, as well as Colt, DE-CIX, Digital Realty, Equinix, IXReach, Level3, Tata Communications, and Zayo globally.
Google Cloud product manager John Veizades noted in the release that establishing a Partner Interconnect connection is easy, as "our partners have already set up and certified the infrastructure with Google Cloud. This provides a turnkey solution that minimizes the effort needed to bring up network connectivity from your data center to GCP."
SEE: Quick glossary: Hybrid cloud (Tech Pro Research)
This announcement is part of Google's renewed interest in catering to businesses relying on hybrid cloud installations. With these new connection solutions, businesses deploying hybrid cloud can use Google Cloud services without having their data pushed through the public internet, while also providing greater control over how data is routed across the network, the release noted. This greatly reduces access time and latency in comparison to pure public cloud deployments.
However, data transmitted over these connections is not encrypted by default, requiring users to use application-level encryption. For organizations hesitant to commence hybrid cloud deployments due to data security concerns stemming from allowing any outside traffic, the added control over the flow of data across a Partner Interconnect connection may be adequate to ease concerns.
In addition to Partner and Dedicated Interconnect options, Google has announced a number of collaborations over the last year in an attempt to entice organizations looking to deploy hybrid cloud. In October, Google and Cisco announced a new integration allowing applications to be deployed across on-premises and Google Cloud, as a counter to the similar partnership between AWS and VMWare. Similarly, Google and Nutanix announced a deal last June to allow on-premises and cloud deployments to be managed as a unified service.
General availability for Partner Interconnect is expected in the coming weeks, according to the release. For disambiguation, the Google Cloud product originally called Interconnect was renamed to "Carrier Peering" last year, following the release of Direct Interconnect.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cloud Insights newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
John Martellaro and Bryan Chaffin join Jeff Gamet to talk about Apple's microLED facility in California, plus iPhone security and the GrayKey hacking device.
TDO 2018-03-19: Apple's microLED Plant John Martellaro and Bryan Chaffin join Jeff Gamet to talk about Apple's microLED facility in California, plus iPhone security and the GrayKey hacking device.
Lancashire batsman Keaton Jennings must make the numbers stack up after being given a second chance to prove himself as a Test match opener.
Jennings knows from his accountancy studies off the pitch as well as his previous England struggles on it that it can sometimes be difficult to achieve viable statistics.
In six Tests before being dropped in favour of Mark Stoneman nine months ago, the left-hander could muster only 294 runs at an average of 24.50 despite a century on debut in Mumbai.
Against Pakistan at Headingley this week, the 25-year-old will become the first of the 12 openers tried since 2012 as Alastair Cook's partner to be given a second shot at what Jennings describes as “one of the toughest jobs in Test cricket”.
Asked if he can make a success of his Test aspirations as England bid to battle back from their nine-wicket defeat at Lord's, he said: “I suppose that'll only be answered at the end of the week.
“You will only get judged on the amount of runs you score.
“With cricket, you can do everything right and things just don't work out sometimes. I'm really excited about this week.
“I want to play with a happy heart and a big smile on my face.”
Jennings hopes his move from Durham to Lancashire will help him handle his return to Test cricket.
“I've moved away to address those issues, not only technically but in my life and the way I was going about things,” he said.
“At the end of the week I'm sure there'll be more talk about whether the changes have worked.
“If there are runs on the board then great - if not, I guess there's more addressing to be done.”
In a BBC interview, he made it clear he will not invite extra pressure.
He added: “I want to enjoy this week. It might be the last Test I play - so I really want to enjoy the feeling.
“It's one of the toughest jobs in Test cricket, especially in England. That's what makes Cookie one of the most valuable players around.
“He's the only player to score 10,000 Test runs as an opener (Cook has 11,472), he averages 45, he's played 153 Tests on the bounce - and that's also why there's been a lot of guys rotated around him.
“This is huge. I feel privileged, honoured and I hope I can make an impact.”
NASHVILLE (WATE) – In the wake of this weekend's deadly race-fueled violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, Gov. Bill Haslam reiterated his position Monday that he feels there is no place in the State Capitol for a bust of one-time KKK leader and Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest.
Haslam has spoken about the issue several times in the past, and there have been several calls to remove the statue in the wake of Confederate flags being removed from other state capitols.
Previous story: Gov. Haslam would remove Confederate monument from Tenn. Capitol
“My position on this issue has not changed – I do not believe Nathan Bedford Forrest should be one of the individuals we honor at the Capitol. The General Assembly has established a process for addressing these matters and I strongly encourage the Capitol Commission and the Historical Commission to act.”
The monument of Forrest, a decorated Confederate general in the Civil War who would later be named the “Grand Wizard,” which is the Ku Klux Klan's highest rank, is situated inside the Tennessee Capitol.
French President Francois Hollande landed this morning in Iraq to assess progress in the war against ISIS there.
At the end of last week Hollande said that, during his visit, he would express his appreciation for French soldiers who are participating in an international coalition fighting in Iraq against ISIS.
Two goals on his competitive Old Trafford debut was not quite the perfect start to life at Manchester United for Romelu Lukaku, who claims he wanted a hat-trick against West Ham on Sunday.
The Belgian striker netted a brace in a 4-0 victory as United opened their 2017-18 Premier League campaign in some style, giving cause for plenty of early season optimism among supporters of the Red Devils.
In centre forward Lukaku, prised away from Everton for a reported initial fee of £75-million, fans have a key reason to believe their team is capable of challenging for a first league title since 2012-13.
And it appears the Belgium international is not easily satisfied.
Asked by MUTV if he could have hoped for more, Lukaku replied with a wry smile: ‘I wished to have three goals and a hat-trick to be fair, that would have been nicer.
‘The manager had a plan that we executed well. The fans were delighted with our performance, it was really offensive and we kept a clean sheet, which is good as well for the defenders. Overall it was a good team performance.'
As for how it felt to pull on a United shirt following spells with Chelsea, West Brom on loan and Everton, ex-Anderlecht man Lukaku said: ‘I was thinking about it a lot during the week. I had a conversation with Paul [Pogba] as well this morning.
‘I was excited in the warm-up, the fans greeting much and just running around, feeling the atmosphere.
‘I'm really privileged to play for the biggest club in the world. I want to keep working hard and deliver more than I'm doing now.
‘I just woke up and had a good feeling, I knew it would be a good day.'
– This story originally appeared on FourFourTwo.co.za
HOT ROD Power Tour 2017 Is Presented By Chevrolet Performance and Driven By Continental Tire
OK, this particular author and various staff are skimming along the 2017 HOT ROD Power Tour in a 2017 Corvette Grand Sport Convertible that has about 1,200 miles on the odometer, so when we see the contrast of someone in an early, off-brand wagon slogging it out in the slow lane we have to credit their bravery.
The drivers are the guys from American Powertrain and the wagon is a 1959 Edsel Villager that they purchased at a Moonshine Festival about five years ago in Alabama. It already had a 302 with Granada disk brakes and an 8.8 rearend. To get it ready for the Tour, they swapped in a Tremec WC five-speed and packed it full of transmission parts and shift balls for the seven day tour to Bowling Green Kentucky. If you see them, say hi and grab a T-shirt.
Frequently asked Questions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/hot-rod-power-tour-2017-faq/
Driving Directions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/2017-hot-rod-power-tour-route-download/
Main Event Page: http://www.hotrod.com/events/power-tour/
For More Coverage, follow us on Facebook and Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/hotrodmagazine/?hl=en https://www.facebook.com/hotrodmag/
SAN MATEO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Agari, a leading cybersecurity company, today announced it has appointed Armen Najarian as chief marketing officer (CMO). Najarian joins with more than 15 years of Silicon Valley enterprise technology and cybersecurity marketing expertise. As the first CMO for Agari, Najarian is charged with strengthening the Agari brand worldwide and enabling market demand for Agari solutions across direct and partner channels.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005499/en/
Agari Appoints Armen Najarian as CMO (Photo: Business Wire)
“Armen has consistently demonstrated an ability to grow revenue and company valuation through a best-in-class marketing and communications strategy,” said Ravi Khatod, CEO, Agari. “As Agari continues its global expansion and explosive momentum, Armen will be a fantastic leader and addition to the executive team to accelerate growth.”
Najarian joins Agari from ThreatMetrix, a digital identity company that was acquired by RELX Group for $830 million in 2018. As CMO of ThreatMetrix, Najarian built a high-performance marketing system that accelerated market demand, doubled annual recurring revenue, and substantially increased company valuation. Prior to ThreatMetrix, Najarian served as vice president of corporate marketing for DemandTec, which was acquired by IBM for $440 million in 2012 following a successful IPO. Following the acquisition, Najarian served as program director within the $8 billion IBM Cloud business unit where he led go-to-market for the worldwide IBM SaaS portfolio.
Najarian has served in multiple senior marketing roles across a variety of pre-IPO startups and Fortune 500 organizations, including Softcoin (acquired by YOU Technology), Gateway, Avery Dennison, Velosel (acquired by TIBCO) and ConAgra Foods. He earned his bachelor of science in accounting from University of Massachusetts Lowell and his MBA from the University of Southern California's Marshall School of Business.
“I can't think of a better time than right now to leverage my experience in cloud and identity solutions to accelerate the next stage of growth for Agari,” said Armen Najarian, CMO, Agari. “Email security has become a must-have enterprise technology and Agari's award-winning solutions are clearly superior to its competitors.”
Follow Armen Najarian on Twitter at: https://twitter.com/armennajarian
About Agari
Agari, a leading cybersecurity company, is trusted by leading Fortune 1000 companies to protect their enterprise, partners and customers from advanced email phishing attacks. The Agari Email Trust Platform is the industry's only solution that ‘understands' the true sender of emails, leveraging the company's proprietary, global email telemetry network and patent-pending, predictive Agari Identity Intelligence TM (AI 2 ) to identify and stop phishing attacks. The platform powers Agari Enterprise Protect, which help organizations protect themselves from advanced spear phishing attacks, and Agari Customer Protect, which protects consumers from email attacks that spoof enterprise brands. Agari, a recipient of the JPMorgan Chase Hall of Innovation Award and recognized as a Gartner Cool Vendor in Security, is backed by Alloy Ventures, Battery Ventures, First Round Capital, Greylock Partners, Norwest Venture Partners and Scale Venture Partners. Learn more at http://www.agari.com and follow us on Twitter @AgariInc.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005499/en/
CONTACT: for Agari
Clinton Karr
agari@summitstrategygroup.net
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY INTERNET NETWORKS SOFTWARE SECURITY
SOURCE: Agari
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005499/en
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A federal appeals court has been asked to allow a class-action lawsuit against the Veterans Affairs Department by veterans who say they became ill from radiation exposure after responding to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut filed the request Monday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans who sought disability benefits from the VA but were denied.
The students represent Air Force veteran Victor Skaar, of Nixa, Missouri, and want to expand the lawsuit to include other veterans.
VA officials did not immediately return messages Monday.
Radioactive plutonium was released near Palomares, Spain, in January 1966, after a U.S. B-52 bomber and refueling plane crashed. Four hydrogen bombs crashed, but there were no nuclear explosions.
Congratulations Heather Mitchell, you are our Pal's Photo in a Flash winner for Monday, April 17th, 2017!
We select our winners each day and feature the winning photos on News Channel 11 at 5:00 p.m. and 5:30 p.m.
Enter our Pal's Photo in a Flash contest by emailing your best photo to wininaflash@wjhl.com.
If your photo is featured in our newscasts, simply stop by to pick up your FREE coffee mug Monday – Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
If you were a Pal's Photo in a Flash winner since January 1, 2016, you can stop by the station or call 423-926-2151 to arrange to pick up your mug.
If you live quite a distance from our studios, be sure to call the above number so that we can make arrangements for you.
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies.
Transcript for 'GMA' Hot List: How to avoid counterfeit solar eclipse glasses
Here's your 62 hot lip from GMA today. Fred about the solar eclipse I. But can't because you gotta be careful you can't just look directly at it have you special glasses to avoid serious damage this is the waiting you can tell if you're using bailout less of everything should look black if you look at under watchful do you see that element there again to actually look at it that's how you know these are real. We'll find out how stressed our audiences do you consider yourself and workaholic who could write. Are you having trouble sleeping with their lot agrees what are you easily. Irritated. I. Irritated about our audience is pretty rich yeah. I'm glad that we're having this conversation. Phenomenon beach reading where people are literally like packing up their homes and going to the beach and issuing on vacation and the pool that someone picks up all they've you know that your dad can. It's not wanted my guess I'll admit they still three in the afternoon you love the look good too much about that somebody never. And that's the GMA hot list from today we'll see you in the morning on GMA.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
(Christina L. Myers/Associated Press). A statue of Jesus and reliefs are seen at Red Bank Baptist Church in Lexington, S.C., on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The church wants to remove the art , saying it appears to send a Catholic message.
(Christina L. Myers/Associated Press). A statue of Jesus and reliefs are seen at Red Bank Baptist Church in Lexington, S.C., on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The church wants to remove the art , saying it appears to send a Catholic message.
(Gerry Melendez/The State via AP). This 2017 file photo Bert Baker, an amateur artist, stands in front of a recently finished seven-foot tall sculpture of Christ at Red Bank Baptist Church in Lexington, S.C. The sculptor says his statue of Jesus Chri...
By CHRISTINA L. MYERS
Associated Press
LEXINGTON, S.C. (AP) - A Baptist church in South Carolina has voted to remove a statue of Jesus Christ because some believe it's too "Catholic" for their place of worship.
The hand-carved, 7-foot (2-meter) statue and accompanying reliefs showing scenes from the life of Christ have been displayed outside Red Bank Baptist Church in Lexington for a decade.
But Pastor Jeff Wright says the statue is being taken down this week. In a letter, Pastor said some congregants feel it is "Catholic in nature," and it needs to be removed to avoid confusion. He did not explain why. Wright didn't return telephone calls or respond to messages The Associated Press left in person with his staff Wednesday.
Artist Delbert Baker Jr. responded in a letter posted on Facebook that removing the statue makes no sense.
___
Information from: The State, http://www.thestate.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Despite the fact that Beyoncé was snubbed in some major categories at this year's Grammys, as per usual, her performance stole the entire show.
New video, this time with the pesky accompaniment dulled to background noise to highlight Bey's stellar vocals proves she's the Queen of the live production.
What are your thoughts on Bey's isolated vocal performance?
BRISTOL — NASCAR fans that want to see Dale Earnhardt, Jr. on the Bristol Motor Speedway track for the last time will get 2 opportunities.
Junior who announced earlier this year that this will be his final season as a full time driver will race Friday night in the Food City 300 and then again Saturday night in the Bass Pro Shop N-R-A night race.
Junior has won several times on the Xfinity circuit and only one time in a cup race at Bristol, however he still considers it one of his favorite places.
“I love Bristol is a lot of fun to race their I've been going there as a little kid that was my favorite to go to was the night race at Bristol, It's such an exciting race track whether you are on it in the race car or watching it as a fan great place to go see a race it's just really tough place to win the guys that comes out of here as accomplished quiet a lot is a track where the driver means as much as the race car does.”
The new Mechanical Detachable Extendable (MDE) model from XL Specialized Trailers combines an extendable lowboy with galvanized metal to protect against corrosion.
The hot-dip galvanized barrier is not the only layer of support. The trailers also feature Apitong decking on the front, main and rear deck.
The trailer has an 80,000-pound capacity overall, and an 80,000-pound capacity in 16 feet closed. Those who need to extend the 48-foot trailer can use multiple extension stops. And the Extend-A-Trac system makes that possible without hooking or unhooking air and electric lines. Six-inch greasable rollers with oil-impregnated bronze bushings are there to keep things rolling smoothly.
The main deck is 29 feet long and will extend to 50 feet 4 inches.
The combined two-axle trailer and flip axle with a 36-inch flip neck works well with a four-axle truck, the company says, and a detachable 10-foot gooseneck includes a locking toolbox with work light.
When it comes time to secure loads, the neck has rub rail and stake pockets, and the main deck comes with removable swing-out outriggers and nine D-rings per side, with two more D-rings in the tail channel.
Dr. Mac's Rants & Raves
Episode #231
As I mentioned last week, Drive Genius's DrivePulse real-time monitoring is its best feature (at least in my not-necessarily-humble opinion).
As you may recall, Drive Genius's DrivePulse monitors the health of all connected drives and detects potential data corruption. Then, it can alert me of physical or logical issues with any of my drives before things go to hell in a hand-basket.
According to Prosoft, Drive Genius 5 can even predict drive failure before it occurs. I don't know that I've seen this yet, but I believe it.
Anyway, since I wrote last week's column, Drive Genius 5 alerted me to yet another disk-related issue I was having but didn't know it, and then helped me resolve it before it caused problems.
Drive Genius Alerts
The other day I received two alerts that one of my backup drives (named “4TB of backups”) was low on free space.
Here's the email:
The onscreen alert a few minutes later was worded a bit more strongly:
I then used Drive Genius's Find Duplicates and Find Large Files utilities to find and remove nearly 1TB of duplicate and large files. The scan took hours but it ran in the background, so it didn't interfere with other work on my Mac.
Drive Genius Utilities
But, Drive Genius does much more than just monitor your drives for issues before they become problems. It also includes utilities for cloning, securely erasing, repartitioning, and initializing hard or solid-state drives. There's also a malware scanner, as well as both physical and consistency checks for your disks.
If you have a rotational (i.e. hard) disk, there is a defragmenting utility that can improve overall performance, boot time, application launch times, and how quickly large files open.
Drive Genius also monitors your startup disk for system changes during login and notifies you if a change occurs (this is a common vector for malware).
Finally, Drive Genius can almost always repair or rebuild a damaged disk after it alerts you of the issue.
I've used Drive Genius for over a decade, and I trust it more than any other disk utility except (perhaps) DiskWarrior. But while DiskWarrior may (or may not) be a better choice for rebuilding damaged disk directories (the jury's still out), rebuilding damaged directories is pretty much all DiskWarrior can do.
Drive Genius also fixes directory damage. It might or might not do it better than DiskWarrior, but in my experience over the years they both do a great job, but Drive Genius also does much more:
Since both are priced at $99, you're probably going to only buy one, and Drive Genius delivers more bang for your buck.
The Bottom Line
Drive Genius has proven its value time and again by alerting me to potential problems I'd otherwise be oblivious to, and then letting me repair the damage and get back to work as quickly as possible.
It's one of the first apps I install on a new Mac because the thought of DrivePulse NOT monitoring my attached disks 24/7 scares me spit-less.
…and that's all he wrote…
Resources:
Drive Genius 5. $99. Prosoft Engineering.
(AP Photo/Ng Han Guan). Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and Premier Li Keqiang, right, stand as Vice President Wang Qishan arrives at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in Beijing's Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Chi...
By GILLIAN WONG
Associated Press
BEIJING (AP) - Premier Li Keqiang said Tuesday that China doesn't want to see a "trade war" with the United States and hopes to reach a negotiated settlement of disputes.
Speaking at a nationally televised news conference, Li said rash action would hurt all sides. He made no mention of a possible Chinese response to any increase in U.S. import controls.
Beijing faces mounting pressure from the government of U.S. President Donald Trump over complaints it hampers access to its markets, pressures foreign companies to hand over technology and is flooding foreign markets with unfairly low-priced steel and other goods.
That has prompted concern possible U.S. import controls might set off a cycle of retaliation by Beijing and other governments.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li. He said that would be contrary to trade rules based on negotiation and dialogue and would damage a mutually beneficial U.S.-Chinese trading relationship.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," he said. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Chinese trade officials said earlier that Beijing was ready to respond, though they gave no details. Business groups have suggested they could target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage in a dispute, the premier said China's investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Also Tuesday, Li promised China "will open even wider" to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and slash duties on consumer goods, said Li. He said the country will "fully open the manufacturing sector," with better protection for intellectual property.
Chinese leaders are moving to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," said Li. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
Beijing faces complaints it violates its market-opening commitments by requiring automakers and other foreign companies to hand over technology to potential Chinese competitors. Washington is investigating whether Beijing is acting improperly, a probe American officials have suggested might lead to trade penalties.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In this Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, flames advance on homes off Shepard Mesa Road at 5:45 Sunday morning in Carpinteria, Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns. Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria, a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days. (Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP)
SpaceX's ground team hydraulically hoisted a 213-foot-tall (65-meter) Falcon 9 rocket vertical at pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center before dawn Monday ahead of a planned liftoff with a space station-bound robotic resupply craft.
Liftoff is set for 12:31 p.m. EDT (1631 GMT) Monday to begin a two-day pursuit of the space station with more than 6,400 pounds (2,900 kilograms) of experiments and supplies. Follow the launch live in our Mission Status Center.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Dr. Richard Bryan has been named chairman of the board for Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center.
Dr. Bryan also serves as medical director of Saint Mary's Center for Cardiovascular Care.
Transcript for How to cope if you're not a 'Game of Thrones' fan
I have a good bet that a lot of people it offers a going to be talking about game thrown this morning that fair to say Apple's. What do they don't watch that show the Washington pulled him wrote about how not a fan are coping. Not the season in full swing what do you do we have a thing the most popular TV show or movie. Do you fake give. Now they all our do you. Well at least mildly not violent not just got style hockey it may yet have no idea what you're talking about yeah. The film is much like what what kind of up a person if you're in office to talk about them so you've never seen but you can't hit it was good to have a lot like that seen a lot of or else he can get away with in the news business is that on this question you've eligible what do you think of when that happens you know and in cellular one an embarrassing being alive I learned I. Just like I have to argue that in Fayette let's. Drones a lot of the first three seasons I could, would. Devices could keep I mean I could keep up at the time and again look at what to do week to Mexico Kenseth now right and tracking his dad going to be back. Right yeah. Yeah does admit that I have had been what did you like I have more Kathy Hilton or we're not I'm not a non fan. I just haven't quite yet but it's not just about gay liberal but had they ever did anything that you you kind of assault law Lawler. I didn't just see a lot of about you said that he and I were talking earlier in it was like bookings the lot of people would with fake it would La La land it was all get into the main. No I said that I wouldn't fake it would just go see the movie that can agree but that would just go sit and always have. Don't put that have been big in the past where I've seen it yeah that was great and as you move on did just to get it over with the to get it over with the move. I understand what we should move on cannot get. We're going to be this weekend regime and anybody it speaks. But yet you did. So I'm having you noticed this phenomenon that's happening you've probably heard of man's writing where where there were stories that we didn't where Chad I've literally. I studied cousin yeah like I was somewhere where I just remember where people just sort of spread out well now I guess this is spread to the beaches and and they're calling it the the phenomenon beach reading where people are literally. Like packing up their homes. And going to the beach. But at the hands like there's an umbrella while I'm doing multiple blankets even though they may only be three people are setting up. You know fibers explained it's just so that they have some space. That is being spreading. And I'm some towns in New Jersey are saying girl you need to stop. Yeah now you can you're welcome to our beaches but. That's fine there are a little bit yeah. I don't line up but it was like to Kippur so. Yeah no beats were. Critics say they'll be spreading so what can you do it already limiting you can you must have a towel lot of people are a towel reviewed cooler so. I think that's OK yes media radio out all by yourself yeah. He got Italians mentioned in the south post article about mart New Jersey. Eight legacies long BC's and I already hobbies. Rules in place and the merit Dahmer says the tends to have a lot of space and a very crowded beach some of them have side that prohibit the lifeguards from being able to see. The swimmers that would be a problem so this have fretted. Tenth that are more than three feet high and 3-D why do you need something bigger than the understanding your ten W staying home it doesn't let. I haven't issued a vacationing in a hotel and the pool and someone takes up all laid you know that your dad thought of Michael calm while always. This is worse job one. And then they still three in the afternoon and I'll be honest with you all know look good too much about -- for somebody remembered. I have young children. Hi there that they wouldn't that you guys. I'm.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
PHOENIX (AP) - In a story April 21 about a statue honoring Arizona wildland firefighters who died in a 2013 fire, The Associated Press reported erroneously, in one instance, the last name of the sculptor. He is Matt Glenn, not Glass.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Statue unveiled honoring firefighters killed in Arizona fire
A statue has been unveiled honoring 19 members of a firefighting team known as the Granite Mountain Hotshots who died in a 2013 Arizona wildfire
By PAUL DAVENPORT
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A life-sized statue was unveiled Saturday honoring 19 members of a firefighting team known as the Granite Mountain Hotshots who died in a 2013 Arizona wildfire.
The statue was dedicated at a state memorial park established where all but one member of the team died in a canyon in mountains near Yarnell on June 30, 2013.
Matt Glenn of Provo, Utah-based Big Statues said the "Returning the Favor" television show hosted by Mike Rowe commissioned his team to make the bronze sculpture for the Wildland Firefighter Guardian Institute.
The institute, founded by survivors of two of the Hotshots, will formally turn over the 6-foot, 2-inch statue to the state during a May ceremony at the park located 66 miles (106 kilometers) northwest of Phoenix.
"They're calling this a 'soft unveil'," Glenn said of the Saturday event.
The statue is located at the parking area where visitors can take a 3.5-mile trail to the site where the firefighters were trapped in a brush-choked canyon after shifting winds changed the direction of a lightning-sparked fire that burned 127 homes in Yarnell and two nearby communities.
The sole survivor of the team was a member stationed elsewhere as a lookout.
The statue is mounted on a pedestal with the names of the 19 firefighters and depicts a firefighter with a chain saw and other gear as he sizes up a wildfire, Glenn said during a telephone interview.
The design includes facial features of multiple fallen members of the Hotshots, Glenn said, explaining "I didn't feel like it was proper to just represent one of the 19."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The assassination of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 50 years ago this June fractured the nation just two months after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. and five years after his brother John F. Kennedy was killed.
But RFK's funeral, particularly the train that took his body from a memorial service in New York City to his resting place at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia, brought the country together in a new, unprecedented way: An estimated 2 million ordinary Americans spontaneously gathered beside railroad tracks to honor him as the train passed by.
An exhibit at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, "The Train: RFK's Last Journey," displays 21 of the 1,000 unique color slides made by photographer Paul Fusco on June 8, 1968. The images captured America's grief in a way that was unusual in photography, by seeing the events through the eyes of ordinary people.
The photos show Americans of all colors and classes. Catholic schoolgirls, field hands, firemen, blue-collar workers and housewives in their bonnets create a tableau of those who came to say farewell to the man many knew simply as "Bobby."
Some climbed fence posts to get a better view. Some saluted. Others stood rock-ribbed straight. Some waved American flags or handmade posters: "So Long Bobby." Others turned from work to see what all the fuss was about as the maroon train car holding his coffin rolled by.
Fusco, at the time a staffer for Look magazine, made the images from his unique position aboard the funeral train en route to Arlington. He said he was astonished when the train emerged from a New York City tunnel to see hundreds of people gathering beside the tracks. At times he used a panning motion to isolate certain people and scenes, creating a blur around the edges of the images.
The exhibit also shows the importance of the day for those who were there, through a collection of personal images sought out by Dutch artist Rein Jelle Terpstra, who became fascinated with Fusco's photos and launched a research project in 2014 to collect pictures and films from the observers who watched the funeral procession go by. Among the most striking is a carefully labeled photo album collage decorated with red, white and blue construction paper.
The moving exhibit also includes a 70 mm film reconstruction of the day by French artist Philippe Parreno, complete with the haunting sound of a train clacking through fields and cities.
So many people came to say goodbye to Bobby Kennedy on June 8, 1968, that the train slowed and the journey took nearly twice as long as usual, nearly eight hours to travel a typically four-hour route.
Kennedy, a U.S. senator from New York, was running for president and had just won the California primary when he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles by Sirhan Sirhan. Kennedy died June 6, 1968.
"RFK's Last Journey" is on display at the museum through June 10.
Facebook stock took a plunge Monday. It was its worst loss in four years. The drop is a result of concerns that a data mining firm that worked for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data from tens of millions of Facebook users. That company is now banned from using Facebook.Jessica Iriarte guesses she checks her Facebook account at least 10 times a day and admits sometimes she takes those personality quizzes."I don't know who is collecting all that information, it's kinda fun and I don't know what they're doing with the information," said Iriarte.In some cases, it's more than you think. University of Cambridge Psychology Professor Aleksandr Kogan received permission from Facebook to use his personality quiz app. It collected information about profiles, likes, and users' friends. Facebook claims the professor broke the rules and gave the data to Cambridge Analytica, a political consulting company hired by the Trump campaign. All that data was extremely valuable."It will give me an indication on your political views, information about your financial status all of these things. They took these things and created a psychological profile," explained Ahmed Banafa, a cyber-security expert and professor at San Jose State University's School of Engineering.Roughly 50 million Facebook profiles were affected. Facebook admits it knew about the violation in 2015, but did not disclose it publicly. Facebook demanded Cambridge Analytica destroy all the data. The firm claims it did. In a statement, Facebook says "We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims. We remain committed to vigorously enforcing our policies to protect people's information." Complete statement is hereFacebook has banned Cambridge Analytica from using its platform and has hired a forensics firm to complete an audit. Cybersecurity experts warn users to think twice when using third party apps on Facebook. Click here to read the statement from Facebook."There will be some kind of steps to be taken from Facebook or by the regulators to stop something like this. You cannot share the information of people without their own permission. That will be the silver lining in this whole process," said Banafa.That's the hope that many Facebook users have.
The decline in Azerbaijan's legitimate lending sector and new rules introduced by the Central Bank resulted in the rise of loan sharks and pawn shops, analysts contend. (Photo: Central Bank of Azerbaijan)
Namig Ibrahimov is a young entrepreneur, building an online shopping platform that offers imported clothing to Azerbaijani customers. To invest in his business, though, he is getting loans not from a bank, but from a loan shark.
“I don't trust banks,” Ibrahimov told EurasiaNet.org . “It is riskier than going to loan sharks.”
Working through loan sharks, of course, carries substantial risks as well. It is illegal, for one, and the interest is far higher than for a bank loan – about 10 percent per month (over 200 percent yearly), as opposed to around 26 percent annually from a bank. “It's a swamp,” Ibrahimov said. “It's so difficult to get out of it.”
But Ibrahimov is not alone: loan sharks are an increasingly popular way for Azerbaijanis to get money, amid a banking crisis that has rocked the country's legitimate financial sector.
On February 21, 2015 – now known in Azerbaijan as “Black Saturday” – the government sharply devalued the local currency, the manat, which ultimately led to the closure of 13 banks and the manat losing more than half its value.
As a result, Azerbaijanis with bank loans – which were usually denominated in dollars – saw the cost of their obligations skyrocket overnight. Since the devaluation, more than 200,000 Azerbaijanis have been sued by banks for failure to repay their loans,” said one member of parliament, Zahid Oruj. In May, the state-run International Bank of Azerbaijan – the country's largest lender – defaulted as a result of a large number of bad loans.
This has, at times, had tragic consequences for borrowers. In February, a 53-year-old man, Jabrail Jabrayilov, was at a bank to discuss a loan he had taken out for about $1,020. Told he would have to pay an additional $500 in interest on top of that, Jabrayilov had a heart attack on the spot. His son blamed the death on the stress of trying to deal with the loan, local media reported.
After the devaluation, the Central Bank of Azerbaijan instituted new rules aimed at forcing banks to be more selective in giving out loans. One requirement was that borrowers had to be employed, which excluded entrepreneurs and those in the informal economy.
Borrowers also want to get loans denominated in manats, to help protect against further devaluations, while banks continue to want to loan in only dollars.
“Neither side wants to lose, since the currency is not stable,” said Samir Aliyev, an economist and editor-in-chief of the magazine Economic Forum.
Loan sharks are more likely to loan in manats, albeit at exploitative interest rates. “The tightening of credit policy resulted in the rise of loan sharks and pawn shops,” Aliyev said.
Loan sharks in Azerbaijan operate in the shadows, by word of mouth, offering loans on collateral like gold or real estate. Of the several contacted by EurasiaNet.org through intermediaries, none agreed to be interviewed.
The scale of loan sharking is difficult to gauge, given its underground character. But there has been a spike in court cases involving usury, and the topic has become a frequent one in local media.
In one case, a Baku woman, Saadat Mammadova, appealed to police after loan sharks took her nine-year-old daughter hostage. She had borrowed 6,000 manats from a loan shark, using gold as collateral. She had been paying it off slowly, but after two years, the interest had ballooned to 100,000 manats, and the loan shark claimed she had not been paying it back. She managed to get her daughter back after paying 2,000 manats, but her case against the loan sharks is still ongoing.
In another case, which made it to the Baku Serious Crimes Court, a Baku teacher, Solmaz Sadiyeva, was accused of defrauding several of her colleagues into helping her pay off a debt to a loan shark that had gotten out of control.
The rise in loan sharking also can be seen in the decline in the legitimate lending sector. According to the most recent Central Bank data, the portfolio of legitimate creditors amounted to 16.4 billion manats (about $9.7 billion), as of the beginning of 2017, a 24 percent decrease from the year before.
“The government should have solved this problem by bailing out the banks. But it didn't, and instead just let the banks and clients deal with it,” Aliyev said.
Ibrahimov, the entrepreneur, has had several friends financially ruined by loan sharks. “One friend took a loan of $6,500, and wasn't able to pay it back. Her debt was increasing every day, and in the end she had to sell her apartment,” he said.
Another friend who had similar problems with a 10,000 manat loan (at the time, about $5,900) didn't have an apartment to sell and had to flee the country.
Still, he said, he is going to stick with loan sharks rather than deal with banks. “Yes, it's illegal, but that's why you don't risk getting involved with the police or courts,” Ibrahimov said. “All you lose is your collateral.”
When a young African-American woman headed out solo along the Appalachian Trail, she learned a lot about the politics of race in the great outdoors.
Every year, the Appalachian Trail calls a new crop of hikers, drawn to its grand sweep – 2,000 miles from Georgia to Maine. If that's you this year, you know it's go time if you want to finish before winter. Rahawa Haile heard the call and followed it all the way, end to end. And she did it alone as a young African-American woman. That is unusual. People of color are under-represented in America's great outdoors. Rahawa Haile's got stories. This hour On Point, hiking while black on the Appalachian Trail. — Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Rahawa Haile, essayist and short story writer. She through-hiked the Appalachian Trail in 2016. (@RahawaHaile)
Carolyn Finney, professor of geography at the University of Kentucky. Author of “Black Faces, White Spaces: Reimagining the Relationship of African Americans To The Great Outdoors.” (@cfinney4)
From Tom's Reading List
Outside: Going It Alone — “It will be several months before I realize that most AT hikers in 2016 are unaware of the clear division that exists between what hikers of color experience on the trail (generally positive) and in town (not so much). While fellow through-hikers and trail angels are some of the kindest and most generous people I'll ever encounter, many trail towns have no idea what to make of people who look like me. They say they don't see much of ‘my kind' around here and leave the rest hanging in the air.”
Atlas Obscura: Exit Interview: I Was a Black, Female Thru-Hiker on the Appalachian Trail — “Last year, Rahawa Haile, a writer now based in Oakland, California, became one of the very few black women to attempt to hike the entire trail. (She was able to find exactly one other attempting the feat in 2016.) In March, she began in Georgia, the more popular end of the trail to start on, and by the middle of October had hiked its entire length. She carried along with her, too, a series of books by black authors, which she left in trail shelters along the way.”
BuzzFeed: How Black Books Lit My Way Along The Appalachian Trail — “Everyone had something out here. The love I carried was books. Exceptional books. Books by black authors, their photos often the only black faces I would talk to for weeks. These were writers who had endured more than I'd ever been asked to, whose strength gave me strength in turn. I wanted to show them beauty from heights that a history of terror had made clear were never intended to be theirs. I sought out these titles wherever I could.”
See Photos From Rahawa Haile's Appalachian Trail Journey
The Granbury Pirates came into Tuesday night's game at Arlington Seguin needing a win to stay alive in the playoff hunt, but lost on an overtime buzzer-beater.
The Pirates held a narrow lead for the majority of the game, but Seguin managed to force overtime at 52-52. A jump hook from the right block as time expired made the final score 56-54, sunk Granbury's season and ended a 4-game win streak.
Granbury finished the year at 7-7 in District 9-5A. Crowley's win over Burleson sealed the Pirates' fate as the next first team out of playoff position.
The win allowed Seguin to claim the top spot in the district.
Earlier this summer Flipp Dinero released his debut EP The Guala Way, which featured the melodic standout “On Some.”
The visual for the cut is also a standout, which finds Flipp Dinero and his crew giving out ice cream to the kids on their street during a hot, summer afternoon. When nighttime hits they all crew hit the fair to finish off their day.
Watch the video above.
Televangelist Jesse Duplantis recently asked his followers to help pay for a $54 million private jet because Jesus Christ “wouldn't be riding a donkey.”
“I want you to believe in me for a Falcon 7X," Duplantis said in his weekly video address, "This Week with Jesse." "Pray about becoming a partner to it."
Jesse Duplantis Ministries/Twitter
Duplantis believes the new jet will allow his ministry to travel globally to spread the gospel without having to refuel. If successful, the costly purchase will be the fourth jetliner the ministry will own.
“We're believing God for a brand-new Falcon 7X, so we can go anywhere in the world in one stop,” Duplantis said in the video message. “Now people say, ‘My lord, can't you go with this one?' Yes, but I can't go in one stop. If I can do it for one stop, I can fly it for a lot cheaper because I have my own fuel farm. And that's what's a blessing of the lord.”
People took to social media to express their discontent over Duplantis' request.
How about raising $54 million to give to the poor and help those in need instead of a 4th private jet? God doesnt favor rich over the poor. — Ryan (@Ecoguy4431) May 30, 2018
This is not the first time a minister has asked for a new private jet.
In 2015, televangelist Creflo Dollar asked his followers to help his ministry purchase a $65 million jet. That same year, Kenneth Copeland's ministry successfully purchased a Gulfstream V jet worth millions.
“Glory to God! It's Ours!” the Kenneth Copeland Ministry website posted. “The Gulfstream V is in our hands!”
Moreover, Copeland's television program “Believer's Voice of Victory”, held a segment with Duplantis to discuss the difference between commercial airplanes and a private jets to spread the gospel. The ministers argued that flying on a commercial plane would be similar to flying with “a bunch of demons.”
During the segment, Duplantis mentions a time when he had to unbuckle his seat belt to be able to speak to God.
Jesse Duplantis Ministries/Twitter
“You couldn't have done that over an airline,” Copeland said. “Stand up and say, ‘What did you say, Lord?'”
Duplantis did not immediately respond for comment.
The National Association of Evangelicals president Leith Anderson questioned the effectiveness of passing the offering plate in this manner saying, “I keep thinking how much good $54 million would bless the poor instead.”
Bulleit/Instagram
Finding a unique and truly dope gift for the ones you love is always a trial. But if you have a whiskey and art lover in your life, Bulleit Frontier Whiskey might just have created the perfect gift. The company's new neon whiskey bottles combine your favorite drink with an art installation, and the result is stunning. Bulleit has teamed up with Neon artist Lisa Schulte to create the mini masterpieces in the humming, blown glass medium.
Schulte joined Bulleit for the distillery's latest art movement under the “Frontier Works” banner. They started out the neon collaboration with a massive installation in Los Angeles that celebrates all things neon, Mexi-Cali, and drinking good whiskey before moving on to bottles.
Each bottle contains a different mini neon sign with a phrase or slogan. The neon warmingly glows words like “hustle” or “TCB” or “offline” as a sort of societal conversation point. It's a lamp and art — which, again, makes for a great holiday gift.
Neon art making a comeback. (Yes Bulleit I am over 21) #frontierworks A post shared by Marie Bienkowski (@marbienk) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:20am PST
Bulliet's Frontier Works aims to bring awareness to specific niches of the art scene. In this case, each bottle that's sold (they're $1,000 each by the way) will help to fund the Museum of Neon Art. Their aim is to help restore neon around the country and support artists who are bringing the medium back to the forefront and storefronts of modern America.
“Art is an expression of who we are and who we want to be. For me, that's a constant desire to live on the edge of the modern cultural frontier,” Shulte pondered in an recent interview on the subject. “From the form and function of the Bulleit bottle to the inspirational messages that live within, that's what I've tried to create with Neon In A Bottle.”
A one-off piece of neon art in a whiskey bottle is a great way to light up a room. Whiskey sold separately.
Sneak Preview of “Words In A Bottle “ @artbasel Miami event happens tomorrow night , miniature Neon in a @bulleit bottles #whiskey #neon#minature#messageinabottle #neonart #artbaselmiami #frontierworks A post shared by Lisa Schulte (@theneonqueen) on Dec 6, 2017 at 4:03pm PST
Happy Halloween #halloween2017 #neon#neonart @brendan_donnelly #skulls #theneonqueen#frontierworks A post shared by Lisa Schulte (@theneonqueen) on Oct 31, 2017 at 7:54am PDT
(Via Bulleit Frontier Whiskey)
Preston North End's fine form continued with victory at Burton Albion on Saturday.
Follow all Monday's news as it happens. Hit F5 or refresh for the latest.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is now estimating the Republican tax bill will generate about $1.8 trillion in new tax revenue over 10 years by boosting economic growth.
But that's a lot more than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts will generate some $409 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years.
President Donald Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
The new Treasury Department analysis out Monday says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations.
(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson, file). FILE--In this March 20, 2013, file photo, Culinary Union workers demonstrate along Las Vegas Boulevard outside the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino while protesting their contract negotiations with Deutsche Bank in Las Veg...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — Stephanie Blythe, the renowned American mezzo-soprano, is back at the Metropolitan Opera for a new role as the wicked stepmother in Jules Massenet's version of the Cinderella story "Cendrillon."
Blythe, who made her debut 23 years ago, acknowledges that she was nervous on opening night, feeling "the butterflies coming up" as she sat backstage. But she let the imperious, overbearing character she plays take over and then "everything was calm, everything was fine."
"Cendrillon" also stars Joyce DiDonato as Cinderella and Alice Coote as Prince Charming. It will be broadcast to movie theaters on Saturday as the final Live in HD presentation from the Met this season.
The Metropolitan Opera is a company based in New York City.
By KEN THOMAS, SYLVIE CORBET and ANGELA CHARLTON
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war - a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris. Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
It has not been a banner week for Kellyanne Conway, who has seen her credibility, which was already on shaky ground, continue to deteriorate when she was grilled by a hardball-throwing Matt Lauer, of all people. And the Trump aide definitely didn't gain any points back by retweeting a white nationalist on Twitter, which she later denied doing.
Many have called out for networks to stop giving her a platform to spew her misinformation altogether, and now MSNBC is acting on it. On Wednesday's Morning Joe, Mika Brzezinski announced that as long as she's around, Conway will no longer be welcome on their program, and in the process revealed how Conway gets herself booked on so many networks to begin with.
After rolling the Today clip with Lauer, Brzezinski told viewers, “Joe was just saying she books herself on these shows, we know for a fact she tries to book herself on this show. I won't do it, because I don't believe in fake news, or information that is not true, and every time I've ever seen her on television something's askew, off, or incorrect.”
Later, Joe Scarborough explained further why Conway can't be trusted. “It's actually the same thing I've heard since Donald Trump was elected, by his top aides, and again confirmed it last night,” he said. “She's out of the loop, she's in none of the key meetings, she goes out and books herself often…” He added that Conway will often wait until something is said about her on TV before calling and trying to book appearances to defend herself.
“And again, I don't even think she's saying something that she knows to be untrue, she's just saying things just to get in front of the TV set and prove her relevance because behind the scenes — behind the scenes she's not in these meetings, and any reporter can ask anybody in that White House and they will say the same thing!” But the real question, Scarborough wondered, is why Trump continues to keep allowing her to appear on these programs to begin with.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. 1040 Individual Income Tax forms are seen in New York March 18, 2013. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
By Ginger Gibson
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With U.S. Congress members focused during their August recess on finding ways to lower the corporate tax rate, industry groups and other sectors of society are gearing up to fight proposed changes to the personal income tax.
While tax cuts for business have garnered the most headlines, lobbyists and lawmakers have conceded that rewriting the corporate tax code will be a long slog.
Tackling personal tax rates will be easier, many argue. Looking for an easier legislative win ahead of the 2018 midterm elections, most lawmakers in the Republican majority want to cut individual incomes taxes. President Donald Trump has been pushing hard for tax changes this year.
Still, proposed changes to the personal tax code have already stirred opposition from realtors, home builders, mortgage lenders and charities. These groups say proposed changes will hurt home sales and cut charitable contributions.
The National Association of Realtors issued an "August Recess Talking Points" circular imploring members to remind lawmakers that "Homeowners must be treated fairly in tax reform" to avoid "another housing crash."
The group cited a report it commissioned from PwC that estimated home values could quickly dive more than 10 percent if the tax plan becomes law.
To simplify the tax code, Republicans have proposed eliminating nearly all tax write-offs including those for state and local taxes, then doubling the standard deduction. This would eliminate the incentive to itemize and should drastically reduce the number of taxpayers who do so.
Currently, many taxpayers use itemized deductions, claiming write-offs for things like charitable contributions, interest paid on a mortgage and state and local taxes. If the standard deduction becomes larger, fewer taxpayers will need to itemize, reducing the incentive to hold a mortgage or contribute to charity.
Currently, about 30 million taxpayers claim the mortgage interest deduction, with about $70 billion in total claims, according to Robert Dietz, an economist with the National Association of Homebuilders.
Estimates suggest more than half of taxpayers would stop itemizing under the proposed plan, Dietz said, warning that this would create a large ripple effect through the economy. He said people in early years of a mortgage would suffer most, along with prospective home buyers.
Home builders are also fighting the proposed tax code changes.
"I don't think I would call that a cakewalk," said Jerry Howard, the head of the National Home Builders Association, saying the proposal will face fierce resistance from his group, which represents 130,000 builders. He noted that members operate in every congressional district and employ more than 7 million people.
Charitable organizations are not arguing against increasing the standard deduction. But they are asking members of Congress to consider creating a “universal deduction,” so taxpayers taking the standard deduction can get additional credit for donations without itemizing.
Taxpayers claim an estimated $13 billion each year in charitable deductions. Charities fear giving would plummet if the standard deduction were doubled without creating a universal deduction.
Gail McGovern, president and CEO of the American Red Cross, said reducing charitable deductions would be “devastating.”
If lobbyists defeat the reform effort, Congress could try to cut rates without structural tax code changes, said Charles Boustany, a former Republican member of the tax-code writing House Ways and Means Committee who left Congress in January.
“The path of the least resistance becomes an old-fashioned tax cut on the individual side,” said Boustany. “The pressure is just going to be relentless as we get later in the fall.”
(Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Editing by David Gregorio)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Looking for your next audition shoe? Shot at and in collaboration with Broadway Dance Center, Só Dança has launched a new collection of shoes working with some pretty famous faces of the musical theater world! Offered in two different styles and either 2.5" or 3" heels, top industry professionals are loving how versatile and supportive these shoes are! Pro tip: The heel is centered under the body so you can feel confident and stable!
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
BOSTON (AP) — Five female kitchen workers in Boston are detailing a sexual harassment lawsuit they're filing against a national restaurant chain.
The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice, which represents the women, says the lawsuit being addressed Tuesday highlights the plight of women in low-wage positions like dishwashers, cleaners and cooks.
It comes as allegations of sexual misconduct have roiled American politics, media, film and other white-collar industries.
The lawyers' committee, a Boston-based nonprofit, says the lawsuit alleges a workplace filled with "lewd behavior, sexually inappropriate comments and unwanted touching."
The woman and their attorneys are expected to speak Tuesday. The committee hasn't named the women or the restaurant chain yet.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali stepped away from his restaurant empire Monday after four women accused him of inappropriate touching.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. (AP) — An Indiana airport is continuing to work toward adding a direct international flight and international air freight shipping after recently announcing that it's adding two new domestic routes.
South Bend International Airport Executive Director Mike Daigle said there isn't a set timetable for when the goals could be reached.
The airport announced the new twice-daily American Airlines routes to Charlotte, North Carolina, and Dallas on Jan. 18, the South Bend Tribune reported. The addition brings the airport's number of nonstop domestic flights to 12.
The airport's commercial offerings are expected to expand in June.
The airport announced plans for international service in 2014, and began construction of a new customs facility by 2015.
Most of the $7.9 million funding for the facility came from grant money provided by the Federal Aviation Administration. The Indiana Department of Transportation also contributed $436,580.
Construction on the facility was completed last year.
Daigle said the facility has handled 47 international arrivals.
"We've had flights from Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Italy, France, to name a few," Daigle said.
He said attracting an international commercial flight has been a complex process and is still a few steps away from the negotiating table with airlines or travel agencies.
"It's something we work on almost every single day," Daigle said. "I don't have a timeline for you at this point there are many moving parts to this and many partners."
___
Information from: South Bend Tribune, http://www.southbendtribune.com
David Burroughs knew what he wanted the minute he laid eyes on it. “My neighbor Donnie Buckler brought home a sweet '69 Camaro Z/28 with a 302 in it, and from that moment on, that was the car of my dreams,” states David. Well, we can't say we blame him one bit, as that particular Chevy has turned many a young hot rodder into a true Camaro devotee for the last 50 years.
Over his formative years, David started on his way to becoming a true Camaro devotee. After going to a number of Super Chevy shows, the local tracks, and even the events at the convention center in Washington, D.C., he drew up a mental plan of what he would want in his own Chevy pony ride. So, naturally, when David finally got the chance to score a Camaro of his own, these ideas would meld into his ultimate dream ride.
He loved seeing a big blower through the hood, and he knew that was a “must” on any Camaro he would call his own. Fat tires looked mean, and showed that you had the power to torque and twist them to launch off the starting line. And last but not least, to burn up those fatties out back, he needed big-block power under the hood for his Camaro. And as far as David was concerned, there would be no exceptions.
About 10 years ago, after looking for a suitable starting point for his dream Camaro for some time, David's brother Dennis spotted an interesting '69 at Winegardner Chevrolet, a few miles from their home in Fort Washington, Maryland. A new car dealership is usually not the first place you look for a project car for your next build, but the nicely appointed car was brought in on a trade for a new Chevy and was priced right. David knew the minute he laid eyes on it that he could massage this ride into a car he could call his own; and possibly even a show winner. He quickly struck a deal with the sales team; there was no turning back.
The Camaro was in excellent shape, with a fresh paintjob and some substantial rubber out back. It was back-halved by the previous owner and had a ladder bar suspension installed already. So he got on it immediately, cleaning up some aesthetic flaws on the Chevy and putting his touch on some of the pertinent parts. He added a tunnel-ram to the car's big-block setup, some tubular A-arms up front, and installed some sweet Mickey Thompson meats out back. It was a nice start but David was just trying to avoid the inevitable. What he really wanted was a “Big-Block, Chromed-out, Giant-Sized Blower Motor” sticking out of the hood. It was something he had always dreamed of, and deep down he knew he wouldn't be happy until he had one for his very own Camaro.
So David did the right thing and sat down with his wife to explain why he needed a 468-cubic-inch engine sticking out of the hood of his car. For some this would not go so well, but luckily David's wife, JoAnn, is a saint, and agreed that this potent Chevy powerplant would make them both very happy. What a wife! Now armed with her blessing, David quickly made a phone call to Big Al's Toy Box up in Connecticut and ordered the engine that would put this Camaro over the top … and then some.
The engine started out as a 454, which was then punched out to 468. The four-bolt main block is loaded with an Eagle 4340 steel crank, Eagle H-beam rods, and Probe 8.5:1 forged pistons. A Comp Cam 651/651 roller cam and double roller timing chain get the valves jumping in tune. The cylinders are topped with Chevrolet Performance 115cc rectangular port aluminum heads built up with Manley 2.25/1.88 stainless steel valves, Comp Cams Pro Magnum stainless roller rockers, chrome-moly retainers and locks, and a set of Comp Cams hardened pushrods. ARP screw-in studs and head bolts hold it all together.
A Mallory ignition gets the spark out on this beast. A polished aluminum timing cover and chrome oil pan add a little bling to the build. But the biggest chunk of eye candy here is the polished 8-71 billet supercharger sitting up top, complete with a Funny Car-style 3-inch billet drivebelt guard. Feeding this machine is a pair of 750-cfm Quick Fuel blow-through carburetors. It dyno'd at a healthy 800+ horsepower, and that was before the 200hp shot of nitrous was added. Engine tuning and nitrous work was done by Jim Lumpower. All this muscle car goodness is fed through a rebuilt Turbo 400 to do the shifting.
The ample power is then fed to a hefty Ford 9-inch rear out back, stuffed with 4.30 gears and spinning Moroso axles. They put the power to a pair of super-wide Cragar SS 15×15 wheels (custom built by Cragar through Jegs) shod in 31×18 Mickey Thompson meats to grip the track when they are called on. The car rides on Wilwood disc brakes and QA1 coilover shocks all the way around. Francis Johnson built the Camaro a custom 3-inch stainless exhaust system with Flowmaster 44 Series mufflers. The added wheelie bars are a must when taking this thing out for a quarter-mile spin.
When it came to the interior, David had some interesting ideas, and he smartly followed his first instinct. The upholstery was stitched with top-of-the-line rawhide leather, with beautiful boa skin accents and inlays throughout. Even the rollcage is wrapped in leather, to keep it all consistent. Out back, the trunk was done to match. All work was done by Ace Upholstery in Mechanicsville, Maryland. The leather hues work well with the deep Atlas Red paint scheme, which was laid down by the previous owner.
Today, David can sit back and just take it all in, knowing he built the car of his dreams. Special thanks go out to many people, including his son Joe who helped out on the build. More thanks go out to Rick Gentry, who started the East Coast Pro Street Car Club, an organization that promotes the Pro Street lifestyle through cruise-ins, car shows, and meets. Through this fine association, David shows his radical Camaro with like-minded individuals who share his taste for the extreme.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A federal appeals court has rejected a lawsuit that sought to hold Twitter liable for the deaths of two U.S. contractors in Jordan in an attack for which the Islamic State group claimed responsibility.
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said Wednesday the lawsuit failed to establish Twitter accounts used by IS directly caused the men's deaths. The unanimous decision by a three-judge panel upheld a lower court ruling.
Lloyd Fields and James Creach were shot and killed in Jordan in 2015 by a Jordanian police captain while training law enforcement officers.
Their families argued that IS Twitter accounts were a substantial factor in the men's deaths and that the company should have anticipated attacks.
Joshua Arisohn, an attorney for the families, says appeals are being considered.
Getty Image
Jeremy Lin addressed cultural appropriation in a post for The Players' Tribune earlier this week, and in the aftermath, former NBA player Kenyon Martin responded with controversial comments, including that Lin wanted to “be black” with his choice of hairstyle.
Since then, Lin responded with a remarkable Instagram post that garnered quite a bit of attention, and as you may expect, the ball swung back to Martin's court for what just might be the final part of the saga.
On Friday evening, Martin spoke with Rohan Nadkarni of Sports Illustrated and shed light on his his original comments about the Brooklyn Nets point guard.
Experts are painting a dire picture about the impending collapse of a giant cavern under a highway interchange that serves as a gateway to two national parks and the heart of New Mexico's oil and gas country.
They told lawmakers Tuesday during a legislative meeting that new cracks are developing at the site on the edge of the city of Carlsbad, indicating that things are beginning to move underground.
"It is happening right now. It is happening in slow motion," said George Veni, executive director of the National Cave and Karst Research Institute and a member of a group that has been working on possible solutions.
Lawmakers are seeking more than $40 million in state funding to prevent a massive sinkhole, which could take with it the busy intersection, including a highway that leads to Carlsbad Caverns National Park and Guadalupe Mountains National Park, just across the state line in Texas. Nearby, there's also a church, trailer park, businesses and an irrigation canal that provides water for more than 30 square miles of agricultural lands.
They say the cracks, along with several holes that have developed on one side of the site, are alarming. It's where a now-defunct company had operated a well that produced millions of gallons of brine from salt layers deep underground for use in oil and gas operations.
An elaborate monitoring system was installed in 2009 in an effort to detect signs of a cave-in after the well caught state regulators' attention. Officials became concerned because the well shared some characteristics with two brine wells that collapsed north of Carlsbad during a four-month span in 2008.
In case of a sinkhole, officials have developed emergency response plans that include an automated phone alert system, siren warnings and door-to-door notifications.
In the race against time and gravity, Rep. Cathrynn Brown of Carlsbad said she fears the opportunity to fix the problem will pass if the funding isn't approved before lawmakers wrap up their work in mid-February.
"We definitely do have a lot at stake," the Republican said.
It will be up to a finance committee to consider a package of legislation before it reaches the House floor. Similar proposals are pending in the Senate.
Supporters argue that funding an effort to backfill the cavern would be less costly than dealing with an estimated $1 billion in economic impact, more than $100 million in groundwater cleanup and the possibility of injuries if the cavern were to collapse.
The city of Carlsbad and Eddy County are pitching in $4 million, but state officials are concerned about siphoning money from funds used for cleaning up other contamination in New Mexico.
Critics say the money could be found elsewhere given that New Mexico has more revenue to work with this year as lawmakers craft a state budget.
John Heaton, chairman of the group that has been working on the problem, said negotiations are underway with a contractor who could do the work necessary to fill the cavern — a process that could take two to three years. That timeline aligns with projections of when a collapse could occur, Heaton said.
Using sensors, experts say they have heard rocks flaking and dropping from the ceiling of the cavern, estimated to be about one football field wide by two football fields long and 150 feet (46 meters) deep.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Aging experts and advocates are telling a government commission that age-related discrimination in the workplace still exists 50 years after the enactment of legislation designed to prevent it.
Laurie McCann, senior attorney for the AARP Foundation Litigation, says the law "should not be treated as a second-class civil rights statute." She is urging the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to be more aggressive in pursuing age discrimination cases.
The EEOC's acting chair, Victoria Lipnic, is pledging to do so, to ensure that job opportunities are based on ability not age.
During Wednesday's meeting, EEOC commissioners listened to McCann and other experts and asked questions about discrimination and possible solutions.
The agency receives about 20,000 age discrimination complaints a year. Lipnic says women are more likely to file complaints than men.
The man wanted in the death of a London man on the weekend has turned himself in.
Robert Ashley Williams, 35, was charged with second-degree murder in the death of Dereck Szaflarski, 27, who died early Saturday after a fight on a city sidewalk at about 2:30 a.m.
Williams arrived at London police headquarters at about 5:30 p.m. today and was taken into custody.
Defence lawyer Jim Dean said Williams will make his first court appearance Thursday morning.
Szarflarski died following a clash near Richmond and Piccadilly streets. Police arrived at about 2:30 a.m. to find him seriously hurt. He died later in hospital.
Police said a suspect left in a white car. It was found north of the city.
An arrest warrant was issued earlier Wednesday for Williams' arrest.
Gov. John Carney presented the Order of the First State to retired Delaware Supreme Court Justice Randy J. Holland.
Holland, who retired at the end of March, is the longest-serving Justice in Delaware history. Carney presented Holland with the Order of the First State – an honor bestowed for meritorious service – during a retirement dinner in Wilmington on Wednesday.
“Justice Holland is an expert on the Delaware Constitution, a student of Delaware history, and has been a steady source of wisdom on Delaware's highest court for more than three decades,” said Carney. “It is a great honor to present Justice Holland with the Order of the First State. On behalf of the people of Delaware, I thank him for his commitment to public service.”
Holland became the youngest person to serve on the Delaware Supreme Court when he was nominated by Governor Michael Castle in 1986 and confirmed by the Delaware Senate. He was re-appointed twice to additional 12-year terms, by Gov. Thomas R. Carper and most recently in 2011 by Governor Jack Markell. In 2009, he became the longest serving Justice in Delaware history.
BONN, Germany (AP) — Russia was banned Monday from the upcoming Pyeongchang Paralympics because of its doping past.
However, the International Paralympic Committee said about 30-35 Russians will be allowed to compete in five sports as neutral athletes at the games, which run from March 8-18.
That mirrors the situation for next month's Olympics. The Russian team has been barred, but 169 Russians have been invited to compete.
"We are not rewarding Russia but we are allowing athletes that we believe are clean to compete under a neutral flag," IPC president Andrew Parsons said.
It will be the second Paralympics without a Russian team. The country was also excluded from the Rio de Janeiro Paralympics in 2016. Since then, there has been enough improvement to justify allowing Russians to compete as neutral athletes after extra drug testing, Parsons said.
"Although the (Russian Paralympic Committee) remains suspended they have made significant progress and we have to recognize this," Parsons said. "We now have greater confidence that the anti-doping system in Russia is no longer compromised and corrupted. We have also witnessed behavioral and cultural changes."
The Russians who will be allowed to compete must have undergone extra testing and a course of anti-drug education.
No one implicated "knowingly or unknowingly by the numerous anti-doping investigations in Russia" can take part, Parsons said.
The team of "Neutral Paralympic Athletes" will be about half the size of the Russian team that competed in Sochi in 2014.
The neutral Paralympic athletes will be allowed to compete in Alpine skiing, biathlon, cross-country skiing, snowboard and curling. They will wear uniforms without any national insignia, and fans will also be barred from waving Russian flags.
Russians had been allowed to compete as neutral athletes in some qualifying events ahead of the games before a final decision, but that came too late for Russia to qualify in hockey.
The IPC suspended Russia's membership in August 2016 over what then-IPC president Philip Craven called a "medals over morals" culture with endemic cheating.
To be reinstated, Russian officials must either accept or disprove World Anti-Doping Agency investigations which found it ran a doping program. The IPC also requires the Russian anti-doping agency to be fully reinstated by WADA, which is also demanding Russia accepts the investigations' findings.
The Russian government denies ever supporting any doping programs.
The Russian Paralympic Committee was praised for fulfilling other criteria which also required it to tighten up enforcement of drug-testing rules and distance itself from what the IPC called government "propaganda."
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The series of bombings this month in the Texas capital city of Austin has generated a vast response by state and federal law enforcement agencies that are sifting through hundreds of tips to find what Austin police Chief Brian Manley has described as a serial bomber.
Here's a look at the investigation so far, by the numbers:
— 2, 4: Number of people killed and the number wounded. The first explosion occurred March 2, killing a 39-year-old man. A 17-year-old boy was killed and two women were injured in two separate blasts on March 12. The latest happened Sunday, injuring 22- and 23-year-old men.
— 500: The number of leads that have been closed since the bombings began, according to Fred Milanowski, special agent in charge of the Houston division of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
— $115,000: Amount of reward being offered for a tip leading to a conviction.
— 350: Number of FBI agents currently involved in the investigation, according to FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs. Hundreds of other law enforcement personnel also are involved, including those with Austin police and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
— 240: Approximate number of interviews conducted with witnesses, people calling in tips and others since the first explosion.
— 600: Calls that Austin police have responded to for suspicious packages since the second and third blasts happened March 12.
All 26 Labour MPs in the North East have signed a joint letter calling on the Government to increase transport funding in the region.
Their plea follows similar requests for extra funding to improve the A19 in our area as part of this paper's Safe A19 campaign.
Our campaign logo.
Among the signatories are Sunderland MPs Julie Elliott, Sharon Hodgson and Bridget Phillipson, South Tyneside MPs Stephen Hepburn and Emma Lewell-Buck, Easington MP Grahame Morris and Hartlepool MP Mike Hill.
Along with their party colleagues, they are highlighting what they see as the inequality between what is spent on transport in the North and London "with London receiving more than double the amount the North receives per head of the population".
The letter, addressed to the Secretary of State for Transport, Chris Grayling, demands to know what his department intends to do to address "the lack of investment in the North East's transport systems".
It also asks for urgent steps to be taken to increase funding levels to address "ongoing chronic and historic underfunding in transport infrastructure across the North East of England."
Ian Mearns, MP for Gateshead, said: “the recent Institute for Public Policy Research report, Future Transport Investment in the North, with figures taken from official government statistics, graphically highlights the huge disparity in spending plans on transport infrastructure between the North East of England and London.
“It is widely recognised that there is no doubt that our transport infrastructure in the North East is, at best, poor and in many cases dreadful.
"Therefore, this is an urgent and unified appeal for government action to rectify a long-term problem.”
More than 2,000 people have already signed our campaign for an inquiry into the number of accidents on the A19 with more than 70 people suffering injuries last year in a stretch of dual carriageway from Wolviston, near Hartlepool, to Boldon.
The joint Sunderland Echo, Hartlepool Mail and Shields Gazette petition can be signed at Change.org by searching for Safe A19: A call for an inquiry into safety on the dual carriageway through the North East.
Two Kenyan runners, both of them making their Boston Marathon debut, have won the prestigious race.
Edna Kiplagat, a Kenyan policewoman and two-time world champion marathoner, finished first in the women's race with a time of 2:21:52. Rose Chelimo, a Kenyan-born Bahraini runner, placed second.
Geoffrey Kirui, also of Kenya, won the mens' race at 2:09:37 — his first-ever marathon victory. He edged out Portland runner Galen Rupp by 21 seconds.
It was a big day for debut runners at Boston, according to Runner's World.
In the women's race, 25-year-old Jordan Hasay ran her first-ever marathon in 2:23:00 to place third. It was the fastest-ever debut by an American woman, Runner's World says.
And in the men's race, 26-year-old Suguru Osako of Japan — also competing in his first marathon — placed third with 2:10:28.
Meanwhile, competitors in the wheelchair race finished in world-best times, The Associated Press reports:
"Manuela Schar of Switzerland finished in 1 hour, 28 minutes, 17 seconds — shattering the world's best by more than five minutes. Fellow Swiss Marcel Hug took the men's race in 1:18:04, also the fastest time ever. "The winners' times are considered a world best and not a world record. The straight-line Boston course doesn't qualify for world records because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday."
The athletes had a tailwind of 13 mph, the AP reports.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. (AP) -- Donovan Fields scored 13 of his 15 points in the second half to help Cal Poly beat Hawaii 78-64 on Saturday night.
Cal Poly (8-15, 3-6 Big West Conference) has won two straight since snapping a six-game skid. Hawaii (13-8, 4-4) has lost three in row.
Luke Meikle, Jakub Niziol and Victor Joseph each scored 12 points for the Mustangs.
Sheriff Drammeh scored 17 points to lead Hawaii.
The Rainbow Warriors had a seven-point advantage at the break, but the Mustangs opened the second half with a 16-2 run and led 44-37. Hawaii had its last lead, 54-53 with 9:12 left. A 13-0 run gave Cal Poly a 64-54 lead with 5:32 remaining and the Mustangs cruised from there. Meikle scored four points, Niziol made consecutive 3-pointers and Fields capped the surge with a 3-point play.
Chris James has waited long enough to take a handoff at Wisconsin.
The running back sat out a year after leaving Pittsburgh to move to Madison, looking for a better backfield opportunity.
That moment has finally arrived. James is part of this year's crop of Division I transfers who could make immediate impacts with their new teams.
"It's been such a long time coming," the eager James said.
The Badgers have had recent success with transfers, a run that started when quarterback Russell Wilson arrived from North Carolina State to lead the Badgers to the Rose Bowl in 2011.
"The Biggest thing is, are they a fit? It goes back to Russell," said Wisconsin coach Paul Chryst, who was the team's offensive coordinator in 2011. "We spent a lot of time ... with Russell getting to know him. Is this a good fit?"
James certainly hopes so. The 5-foot-10, 219-pound junior ran for 437 yards and four scores on 87 carries as a freshman at Pitt in 2014. His workload decreased the following season, after Chryst left for Wisconsin.
Now James could be in line for the starting job at Camp Randall Stadium with the top two rushers from last season. James is competing with sophomore holdover Bradrick Shaw.
A look at other transfers — outside of quarterbacks — with the potential to make big impacts in FBS:
NICK NELSON, CB, Wisconsin
Teammates have raved about Nelson's potential as a cover corner. A junior who previously played at Hawaii, Nelson is poised to take over for four-year starter Sojourn Shelton at one of the cornerback positions. Nelson spent his redshirt season last year learning under secondary coach Jim Leonhard — now the defensive coordinator.
JEFF BADET, WR, Oklahoma
Just what the Sooners needed: a speedster on the outside for quarterback Baker Mayfield. Badet, a graduate transfer from Kentucky, also adds veteran experience and leadership to the locker room. He caught 31 passes for 670 yards last season for the Wildcats, including seven touchdowns.
"He's a guy that's able to track the ball really well, which is something you're either born with or you're not," Mayfield said.
AARON COCHRAN, OL, Oklahoma State
An already-experienced Cowboys offensive line added a graduate transfer from California who has 16 career starts and protected productive quarterbacks Jared Goff and Davis Webb. Listed at 6-foot-8, 350 pounds, Cochran has already impressed coach Mike Gundy after arriving at camp, having lost 30 pounds, 10 more than what the coach had requested.
"And when we talk about experienced players, we're talking about guys that have played on the road in tough spots when it's hot and loud and everything is going against you, and they've still found ways to be successful," Gundy said.
DARREN CARRINGTON, WR, Utah
The Utes are going up-tempo this year under new offensive coordinator Troy Taylor. Carrington, a graduate transfer from Oregon, has just the kind of experience that makes him a good fit in Salt Lake City. The 6-foot-2, 205-pound receiver had 43 catches for 606 yards and five touchdowns last season as a junior with the Ducks. He was dismissed by new Oregon coach Willie Taggart earlier this year after a DUI arrest.
"He creates separation. He's got big hands, huge hands. Incredible ball skills. He's a special guy," Taylor said.
SUNNY ODOGWU, OL, UCLA
At 6-foot-7, 315 pounds, the graduate transfer from Miami gives the Bruins a potential anchor on a rebuilt offensive line. The Bruins are trying to boost what was the FBS' second-worst running game last year. Odogwu started five games last season with the Hurricanes before being sidelined by a lower leg injury.
CARSON WISE, K, North Carolina State
Wise is moving from Division II Carson Newman, though he's worthy of mention since kickers don't often have the potential make a quick impact as a graduate transfer. The Wolfpack had a chance to beat eventual national champion Clemson last year on the road but missed a 33-yard field goal as time expired. Wise was 21 of 31 at Carson Newman with a career long of 49 yards.
———
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP—Top25
Nicolás Melmann has been one of the most acclaimed experimental Argentinian artists for quite some time. His mixture of accoustic and electronic sounds took him to scenarios that he would have never dreamed of. In this conversation we go through the many facets of his career. Moving to Barcelona, performing at the MET before Alva Noto and Ryuichi Sakamoto, but also playing for kids, shows in distant places like Morocco, Japan or the Chaco Province, acoustic vs digital, and much more.
Cyclic Defrost: You've just performed in Casablanca and also Milan, how were those experiences?
Nicolás Melmann: It was an incredible experience, especially Morocco. I've never been in Africa before, neither in a Muslim country, and to be able to go and perform your art in such a remote place from your own culture gives you an opportunity to communicate with people and that environment from a totally different place. Those experiences are very fruitful and unforgettable. People there are really open-minded and welcoming, constantly expressing their gratitude for having you there. The videoart festival in Morocco has been taking place for 24 years, and it was very, very interesting.
Cyclic Defrost: Tell me about the masters that you are doing in Barcelona.
Nicolás Melmann: I decided to start a masters in Sound Art at the Barcelona University, which is what took me to this place. I wanted to move to Europe for quite some time now, and this was the best excuse to do so. I've studied music composition with electro acoustic media and this master is the perfect extension of my career, it has a lot of information about diverse aesthetics related to new music, avant garde, sound poetry, music and architecture, etc. It gives you a very interesting theoretical context that the usual composition career lacks of. And it also forces you to produce work, installations, sound cartographies, etc.
Cyclic Defrost: I know it's quite a new process but, which are the first impressions after settling yourself in the Old Continent?
Nicolás Melmann: During the day one can tell the big contrast between the city's present and its own history, but at night the streets get empty, light decreases and you tend to believe that you are living in a different era. Walking around the city turns into a romantic experience, to go around the Arc de Triunf or the Goth Quarter becomes a magical experience. One can breath in history and time.
Cyclic Defrost: How is your setup nowadays? And how did it change throughout time?
Nicolás Melmann: At the moment I'm using different types of Guzheng harps (chinese harp), also a celtic harp, a processed lyre, a crystal harp (a glass instrument similar to a xylophone), bawu (a chinese flute), two steel tonge (relative to the hang drum), a small set of tonal percussions made by bars, bells, bike ringers, bowls.
I mix this up with electronics, these instruments go into the computer mostly through processes, and I also use virtual instruments at the same time, field recordings that I constantly make, mostly when I travel, and spoken word. The result is some sort of sound collage. I think about it as a narration, a dramatic construction, to tell a story using sounds beyond their significance can be perceived as a narration.
In the beginning I started by using just the computer, realized I could write music using software and got myself into that world. After some time I started integrating electronics, rythm machines, kaoss pad, etc. And also acoustic instruments (ukelele, melodic, etc.) until I reached this present tense.
Cyclic Defrost: If you had to choose 2 or 3 instruments or machines, which ones would they be, and why?
Nicolás Melmann: This is so difficult.. Some time ago I bought a gong, and I'm amazed by its sonority, you can play it and get lost on the sound evolution of each note, its complex sounds and the amount of nuances is unbelievable. I also think of the computer as an endless instrument, versatile, in constant evolution and opening up a lot of possibilities.
Cyclic Defrost: Do you think there is an empty space between acoustics and digital? Have you ever seen your work as an attempt to fill that space?
Nicolás Melmann: I think that my quest so far has been trying to connect these two worlds. Electronics lead acoustic instruments towards these ‘impossible worlds' where physical limitations of the performer and the instrument itself end. For example you could write a chord of 15 notes for piano, impossible to perform for a pianist, unless using his toes!
The electronic processes over acoustic instruments achieve another dimension, another entity, they make a lyre sound like a synthesizer, whereas at the sime time you can feel the organic aspect of its materials like wood, metal, the air movement, the irregularities and the warmth of the acoustic side of it. At the same time, pure electronic sounds have an incredible impact on the brain and its perception of things, those sounds don't relate to anything in nature or in the ‘real' physical world, when I hear them I've got the feeling that my brain doesn't know where to place them.
I love to work combining these two sound palettes, the organic aspect of a harp and the purity of an electronic pulse, regardless of the origin of the sound source, I think that you can make music out of any element. My quest is to tell stories through sound, to build these sound landscapes using different sources, instruments, electronics, field recordings, spoken word, foley sounds, some sort of bucolic sound collage where there is a dramatic development and where you are always going through noise and melody, the concrete and the abstract, acoustic and electronic.
Cyclic Defrost: What are your best memories performing live?
Nicolás Melmann: One was playing at Baficito (children's version of the BAFICI, a movie festival that takes place in Buenos Aires) I made two different concerts there, the average age of the audience was 5 years. I worked many years writing music for kids for many TV stations, and I've used those songs but changing their tempo, and then I played that very fast and projected a movie by Jonas Mekas that has a fast rythm and many pictures of kids. It was magical to see the kids staying still watching and listening, completely silent and integrating two elements that were dissociated. The next day I've made a song concert playing the ukelele and the kids were laughing and dancing, pure spontaneity.
I've been also performing in museums for many years, and that is also an experience that made me rethink what I'm doing, to understand that what I was making was not strictly music and that it could also fit other environments, and of course the experience of playing sorrounded by works of art is marvellous.
Cyclic Defrost: At the Red Bull Music Academy event in New York in 2013 you represented Argentina, and played a concert right before Alva Noto and Ryuichi Sakamoto at the MET. Tell me about that experience.
Nicolás Melmann: It was a very intense experience, the show was sold out already 4 months in advance. Above everything, to be able to perform at the MET, where they have one of the most complete and sublime art collections in the world, with all the energy that it contains and generates, from Egyptian antiques to paintings by Magritte, Klimt, Picasso or Van Gogh. It's like visiting a temple, a sacred place.
I had the privilege to speak with Sakamoto after my set, he is a wonderful person, I was very surprised when he made comments about my music, he was listening carefully, many artists of his level don't really pay attention to who is playing before them, but he is a really humble person.
Cyclic Defrost: I've noticed that having performed in so many renowned festivals or important events like the Red Bull one, you still chose the performances for kids over those that I've just mentioned. Is a child's reaction towards a artistic expression something more authentic?
Nicolás Melmann: Well, there is no doubt that they are pure spontaneity, they break every structure and dynamic established for a concert, it's quite a challenge and an experience, it was really, really fun. I also remember a concert in the Argentinian Embassy in Washington DC, the audience was really heterogeneus, from different ages and origins, I think those are the best experiences, to leave the established circuits, where everything is obvious and the audience and the performer already know what's going to happen. I also remember a 70 years old woman that came to give me a hug after a concert. Also playing in a remote place like Resistencia, in the Chaco province, same experience.
Cyclic Defrost: Do you think there is a better reception for the type of music that you make?
Nicolás Melmann: It's getting better and better every day, but it still remains as something quite difficult. Not everywhere they have established the listening/concert situation for an electronic performer as if you were listening to chamber music. It's a similar show dynamic, where absolute silence is required, and also attention. And with the exception of the specialized festivals, or maybe some museums, you can't always achieve that vibe. I think in Germany this works better, I've once played before Robert Lippok and he told me that over there, the electronic performers play at opera theaters and that is something completely normal.
My best experiences performing, talking about reception of my music, took place in England and Japan. People there would attend to a concert with a really open minded attitude, they respect the performer. There might also be something about the temporality and the ways of this music which doesn't really fit our current times, where everything is happening fast and there is a huge attention deficit disorder in everyone, this type of music might not be as entertaining.
Cyclic Defrost: What was the latest great thing you've heard?
Nicolás Melmann: I'm following Vincent Moon's channel, I think there is a lot of priceless material there. He's doing a bit of the work that Alan Lomax also made, but documented with video and with current technologies, it's some really good recordings of surf rituals in Chechenia, countryside musicians in Georgia, Buddhist rituals in Vietnam, etc.
I also recently saw Benjamin Clementine live, and it was impressive. I've seen some of his videos and thought they were pretty good, on his albums there is a bit of a more commercially approached sound, but you can also hear a great songwriter. The thing is that playing live, without all the things that he has on the studio, he dominates the piano and his voice and is a great performer. I'm also listening to some of The Caretaker, The Downland Project, I think that some songs by Beach House are amazing too. I think of the song as the supreme composition.
Cyclic Defrost: Plans for the rest of the year?
Nicolás Melmann: I've just launched ‘Bagatelas' through the labels Estamos Felices and A O (Arte y Ocio, from Colombia). It's a work of 13 pieces inspired by old composition structures from the romantic musical period. They are brief and simple. The album goes from traditional instrumentation to electronics, between the musical speech and the drifts in sound.
I'm also working with Maotik, a visual artist from France, we've been presenting an AV show throughout Europe. We've got several concerts planned for this year in France, Romania, Russia, etc.
And with the help of Asylum Arts I'm working on a project called ‘Spread', it's a sound cartography of the Jewish diaspora, a sound map that goes through some of the routes that the hebrew town made throughout its constant migration and several expulsions. I've been recording in Rabat, Casablanca, the ghetto of Venice, Turin, Barcelona, etc. I will make an installation as a way to represent different cultural and historical aspects throughout sound. And soon I will be performing Cartridge Music by John Cage at the Paraninfo in Barcelona, and there will be an installation at the San Agustì Convent as well.
You can find the music of Nicolás Melmann here.
US President Donald Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday directing federal agencies to implement the “Buy American, Hire American” policy which calls for a review of the H-1B visa programme for skilled workers, senior officials said.
Trump will sign the executive order during a trip Tuesday to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he will tour the headquarters of Snap-on-Tools, a high-end tools manufacturer, and deliver a speech about US manufacturing, CNN reported.
The officials on Monday touted the executive order as a “historic step” that would help protect American manufacturers and American workers whom the administration believes have been hurt by lax enforcement of “Buy American” laws and employers abusing the H1-B visa programme.
“Both ‘buy American' and ‘hire American' rules have been enormously diluted over time, resulting in many lost job opportunities for American workers,” an administration official told CNN.
“This is what America wants,” said a second official.
On the “hire American” front, the executive order will direct federal agencies to more strictly enforce H1-B visa laws and propose reforms to the programme to prevent fraud and abuse and ensure visas are awarded to the most-skilled applicants.
The H1-B visa programme is intended to bring skilled workers in certain fields to the US, but the administration contended that employers have abused it to hire workers who will accept cheaper pay than Americans.
The trip to Wisconsin will be Trump's first since becoming President.
Trump clinched victory in the state that has not voted for a Republican for president since 1984.
Lake Forest will hold multiple concerts at select parks this summer. The big three include the Concert & Car Show and End of Summer Concert at the Sports Park, and 80s Night at Pittsford Park. (Kyusung Gong, Staff Photographer)
Go Skateboarding Day is June 20 and Etnies Skatepark of Lake Forest will celebrate in grand style, offering up contests and a free taco bar for participants. The event is free to attend. (Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
City Hall will play host to a Special Needs Dance with a patriotic theme, July 8. The event is free and includes a special giveaway for those wearing red, white and blue. (Drew Kelley, Contributing Photographer)
Lake Forest's 26th Annual Fourth of July Parade will take place between 10 a.m. and noon on Independence Day. The parade route will run along Serrano Road, Lake Forest Drive, Toledo Way and Ridge Route Drive. (Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Families can receive tips on neighborhood safety, meet Fire and Police officials and check out fire and police gear and vehicles in both Lake Forest and Laguna Hills on National Night Out. Both cities are hosting their events Aug. 1. (Nick Agro, Staff Photographer)
Those looking for a more “extreme” campout this summer can give the Etnies Skatepark a try, Aug. 10-11. Movies, dinner, snacks and breakfast will be available. The event is for all ages and will be supervised and kids are welcome to skate the park all night. (Drew Kelley, Contributing Photographer)
Summer is here and Lake Forest and Laguna Hills have a variety of events to keep residents young and old entertained.
From concerts and movies to parades, dances and car shows, families will have plenty of opportunities to take in the sunshine and have fun outdoors.
Here are the events highlighting the summer in both communities:
Movie in the Park: Lake Forest have a 7:30 p.m. screening of PG-rated “Sing” tonight, June 16 at Lake Forest Sports Park, 28000 Rancho Pkwy. The free to attend and pre-movie entertainment begins at 6 p.m.
Skateboarding Day: National Go Skateboarding Day takes place June 21 and the Etnies Skate Park of Lake Forest will host an all ages event, 5-8 p.m. June 21. There will be various skateboard related events going on and a free taco bar for participants. The event is free and the skatepark is located at 20028 Lake Forest Drive. For more information, call the skatepark at 949-916-5870. For other events at the skatepark, visit etniesskatepark.com.
Concert & car show: The “Rock Around the Clock” Concert and Car Show will guarantee attendees a rockin' good time, 5:30-8:30 p.m. June 25 at the Lake Forest Sports Park, 28000 Rancho Pkwy. The concert will feature the Rockabillys, Redneck Rodeo and The Swing Kings, offering a mix of styles that include 50s and 60s Rock, toe-tapping country music and a mix of rockin' swing and traditional 40s big band music. The car show is open to the public and those interested in entering their car for show must have 1975 models or older. Those interested in submitting a car as an entry should email Nick Gates at ngates@lakeforestca.gov by June 23.
Fourth of July: Lake Forest's 26th Annual Fourth of July Parade, themed “Let Freedom Ring,” will take place between 10 a.m. and noon on Independence Day. The parade route will run along Serrano Road, Lake Forest Drive, Toledo Way and Ridge Route Drive. Parking can be found in the El Toro High School back parking lot or on Lake Forest Drive and Serrano Road. The event will also include a pancake breakfast prior to the parade. Details about the breakfast will be made available closer to the event. To find more information about the Fourth of July festivities, visit lakeforestparade.com.
Fourth of July: Laguna Hills' Fourth of July Celebration includes fun, food and festivities at the Laguna Hills Community Center. Carnival rides, games, live music, patriotic crafts and face painting will all be part of the celebration along with a fireworks show to wrap up the evening. Food and drinks will be available for purchase. Lawn chairs, blankets and umbrellas are recommended. The event is free to attend and runs from 4 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. The fireworks display will begin just past 9 p.m. Information: ci.laguna-hills.ca.us
Special Needs Dance: The city will be hosting a special needs dance, “Fun with Stars & Stripes,” 7-9 p.m. July 8 at City Hall, 25550 Commercentre Dr. The event is free to attend and is a great way to allow members of the community to show their patriotic spirit while dancing with friends and families. Those dressed in red, white and blue will receive a special giveaway. Those interested should register with Marilyn Norment at mnorment@lakeforestca.gov. She can also be reached for more information at 949-461-3437.
Family Campout: Bring a tent and some sleeping bags to the Lake Forest Sports Park for a fun evening playing games and other activities and singing campfire songs as part of the Family Campout from 5:30 p.m. July 15 to 2 p.m. July 16. The event is $7 per resident and $12 for non-residents and includes dinner, dessert and breakfast. Families must provide personal items as well. Ages four and older must be registered and for more information, call the sports park at 949-273-6960. The sports park is located at 28000 Rancho Pkwy.
Family Movie Night: Etnies Skatepark of Lake Forest, 20028 Lake Forest Dr., will host a free Family Movie Night, 8:30-10 p.m. July 22. The venue will include a big screen and several local vendors selling food with proceeds benefiting the skate park. The movie selection will be posted at the skate park in July and seating will be conducted on a first come, first served basis on the grass hill. Those interested in skating can still do so while the movie is playing. For more information, call 949-916-5870.
80s Night: Flashpants, Boombox Heroes and Pyromania will be gracing the stage as part of the “80s Flashback Tribute” at Pittsford Park, 21701 Pittsford Dr., 5:30-8:30 p.m. July 30. The free event will feature Flashpants, a Vegas-style 80s cover band, Boombox Heroes, a high energy cover band specializing in the party and rock hits of the decade and Pyromania, which offers the Def Leppard experience. The event is free and more information is available by calling 949-273-6960.
National Night Out: This year's Lake Forest event takes place 5-8 p.m. Aug. 1 at the Sports Park and Recreation Center, 28000 Rancho Pkwy. and allows the community to come together with law enforcement and fire officials to discuss safety tips to prevent crime in neighborhoods. The free event allows younger residents an opportunity to check out equipment and vehicles used by law enforcement and firefighters and all residents can find out more information to help in their own communities by visiting a Neighborhood Watch Group or business booth. For more information, contact Shannon Daniels at 949-461-3546 or by email at sdaniels@ocsd.org.
National Night Out: Laguna Hills will also hold a National Night Out event, 5-8 p.m. Aug. 1 at the Laguna Hills Community Center and Sports Complex, 25555 Alicia Pkwy. Laguna Hills Police Services invites residents and their families to learn ways to promote unity and safety in the community. The event includes music, games, giveaways, food and fun. National Night Out is free and is suitable for all ages. Information: 949-707-2641 or email Crime Prevention Specialist Brittney Oldham at boldham@ocsd.org.
Shakespeare: Laguna Hills' annual Shakespeare in the Hills will feature Romeo and Juliet on the Town Green at the Community Center and Sports Complex, 25555 Alicia Pkwy. This production transports the well=loved story of Romeo and Jliet to 1845 and the conflicted world of Alta, Calif. In this world, the local rancheros of old Mexico are dealing with the American immigrants who have moved into the province. Performances start at 7 p.m. July 28-29, Aug. 4-5 and Aug. 11-12. Tickets are cash only and are sold the day of the show. Attendees are encouraged to bring a blanket or lawn chair and food to make it a picnic event. Snacks and refreshments will be available for purchase. For more information, call 949-707-2680.
Summer Campout: The Etnies Skatepark of Lake Forest is inviting families to celebrate summer with the annual Summer Skatepark Campout, from 10 p.m. Aug. 11 to 9 a.m. Aug.12. For $40 per person, families can camp and watch movies and dinner, snacks and breakfast will be served. The event is for all ages and will be supervised. Interested families will need to bring a sleeping bag, but skating and a midnight madness contest may have some participants up all night. Gates will be locked at 10 p.m., Aug. 11 and campers will not be allowed to leave until 9 a.m. the following morning. Pre-register at the skate park or online at etniesskatepark.com. For more information, call 949-916-5870.
End of Summer concert: Lake Forest will close out the summer with a final concert at the Sports Park and Recreation Center, 28000 Rancho Pkwy. The “End of Summer Bash” will feature reggae-rock outfit Common Sense, female cover band “The Suffragettes” and The Kalama Brothers, which uses a variety of instruments to recreate cover songs that work with all ages. The concert is free and takes place 5:30-8:30 p.m. Aug. 27. For more information, call 949-273-6960.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate has confirmed President Donald Trump's pick to lead the National Security Agency and the U.S. Cyber Command.
Paul Nakasone was confirmed Tuesday. The Senate also approved of his military promotion to general.
He replaces the current director, Mike Rogers, who is retiring.
Nakasone is a longtime member of the cryptologic community.
He's had several top-level intelligence posts. He commanded the U.S. Army Cyber Command and held military intelligence positions in Afghanistan, Iraq and the Republic of Korea.
Some are singing in favor of immigrants, while others have responded with a familiar refrain: “Build the wall!”
Regardless, the crowd outside Los Alamitos City Hall — where the City Council is scheduled to vote on possibly opting out from California's sanctuary law — is big and getting bigger.
The idea under consideration in Los Alamitos tonight has sparked national interest, with people on all sides of the immigration debate weighing in online and in other forums.
Some on the council say California's so-called sanctuary law, SB-54, puts them at odds with the U.S. Constitution. Others point out that the state law only limits California's actions in immigration enforcement, a federal responsibility.
The council chambers, built for a town of less than 12,000 people, is standing-room only, with an overflow crowd of at least 150 residents waiting outside.
Though most people are waiting patiently, emotions are flying high, with shouting matches erupting between those who want the council to vote for the ordinance and those who oppose it.
This story will be updated throughout the evening.
Related:
Los Alamitos might challenge California over state's sanctuary law
Los Alamitos councilman to state lawmakers on sanctuary law: You're ‘bullying us'
“I believe in the law. I live here and I couldn't be prouder,” said Chris Cornell, 57, one of the residents waiting outside quietly while a screaming match ensues nearby.
Rev. Melinda Dodge, of Los Altos United Methodist Church in neighboring Long Beach, said the proposal by Los Alamitos Councilman Warren Kusumoto “goes against everything we believe in and value.”
In an interview earlier Monday, Kusumoto said he is introducing the ordinance because he feels the state is forcing local elected officials to violate the oath they took to uphold the U.S. Constitution.
“California legislators are bulling local elected officials into violating our oath of office,” Kusumoto said in the earlier interview.
On Jan. 1, a new law dubbed “California Values Act” limited cooperation between law enforcement agencies and federal immmigration authorities. The Trump administration earlier this month filed a lawsuit against California, alleging that three of the state's law, including the California Values Act, are unconstitutional.
WASHINGTON (AP) — One congressman says he's going to start carrying a gun in public. Others want beefed-up security at town hall meetings.
Wednesday's shooting of a top Republican while he was practicing for a congressional baseball game has jolted lawmakers.
It also highlights their vulnerability when they are in public. Only the leaders of Congress get security details. Rank-and-file members do not.
That's why Republican Rep. Chris Collins of New York says he is going to start carrying a gun in public.
On Wednesday morning, Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot as the Republican baseball team practiced for its annual game against congressional Democrats.
Two members of the Capitol Police were injured along with a congressional aide and a lobbyist. The assailant died after the incident.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - This July 15, 2013, file photo, shows a sign for Wall Street outside the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Monday, March 19, 2018.
By YURI KAGEYAMA
AP Business Writer
TOKYO (AP) - Asian shares have skidded following an overnight decline on Wall Street after Facebook reported its worst loss in four years. Investors are awaiting the first Federal Reserve meeting under the new chairman, Jerome Powell, and anticipating the first rate increase of the year.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 0.7 percent in morning trading to 21,341.67. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 0.5 percent to 5,927.60, while South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 percent to 2,468.35. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.5 percent to 31,340.22, while the Shanghai Composite edged 0.4 percent lower to 3,270.82.
FACEBOOK DROP: The technology rout on Wall Street on Monday was set off by Facebook's worst loss in four years. The social media giant's plunge followed reports that Cambridge Analytica, a data mining firm working for President Donald Trump's campaign, improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their permission. Legislators in the U.S. and Europe criticized Facebook, and investors are wondering if companies like Facebook and Alphabet will face tighter regulation.
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 index sank 1.4 percent to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.3 percent to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 1.8 percent to 7,344.24 and the Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 1 percent to 1,570.56.
FEDERAL RESERVE: The U.S. Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership ends later this week, likely with an announcement that the Fed will resume modest interest rate hikes. A healthy U.S. job market and a relatively steady economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases. And the financial markets have been edgy for weeks.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 23 cents to $62.36 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 28 cents on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 21 cents to $62.26 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar recovered to 106.23 yen from 105.92 yen late Monday. The euro rose to $1.2345 from $1.2267.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay, who contributed to this report, can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP '
His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
(AP Photo/Brian Skoloff, File). FILE - This April 2, 2017 file drone photo shows the U.S.-Mexico border fence on the outskirts of Nogales in southern Arizona. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U.S. District Court ...
(AP Photo/Anita Snow). In this Dec. 4, 2017 photo, a slogan asking for justice for 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was shot and killed on a street in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, is displayed on the streets' border wall where he...
(AP Photo/Brian Skoloff, File). FILE - This April 2, 2017 file photo made with a drone, shows the U.S. Mexico border fence as it cuts through the two downtowns of Nogales, Ariz. A U.S. border patrol agent is going on trial for second-degree murder in U...
(AP Photo/Anita Snow). In this Dec. 4, 2017 photo, a portrait of 16-year-old Mexican youth Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez, who was shot and killed in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico, is displayed on the street where he was killed that runs parallel with the U.S....
By ANITA SNOW
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A rare second-degree murder trial of a U.S. Border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the international boundary into Mexico and killing a teenager is set to get under way with jury selection.
Lonnie Swartz is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez five years ago. The teenager was on the street in Nogales, in the Mexican state of Sonora, just across the border from Nogales, Arizona. An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times, mostly from behind.
The trial starting in U.S. District Court in Tucson on Tuesday comes amid President Donald Trump's crackdown on illegal immigration and his promise to build a wall along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) U.S.-Mexico border.
Jury selection was set for Tuesday, with opening statements either later that day or on Wednesday, said Cosme Lopez, spokesman for the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona.
Lee Gelernt, a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said he believes Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the U.S. Justice Department in a fatal shooting across the international border.
Gelernt is handling a civil lawsuit for the teen's mother, who is seeking monetary damages against Swartz.
"This historically important trial is coming at a time when all eyes are on the border," he said.
Prosecutors say Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2012, through the metal poles of a 20-foot (6-meter) fence that sits on a 25-foot (about 7.6-meter) embankment above Mexico's Calle Internacional, a street lined with homes and small businesses.
About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side, but the two communities linked by family members, trade and culture have long been referred to locally as "Ambos Nogales" - "Both Nogales" in Spanish.
Swartz's lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before he was shot in an attempt to create a distraction for drug smugglers and that the officer was justified in using lethal force. They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark.
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and his relatives have denied he was helping drug smugglers, saying he was walking home after playing basketball.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has said it won't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks, but it's unknown if he had any link to drug smugglers. They argue an unreasonable amount of force was used.
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on his own recognizance. The Border Patrol has not said if he is continuing to receive his salary.
Defense attorney Sean Chapman has declined to comment while the trial is ongoing. A spokesman for the agents' union, the National Border Patrol Council, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who oppose U.S. border policies say they will rally outside the courthouse.
"For so long, prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes," said John Fife, a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war. "Now we will see if they can be held accountable."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Weather forecast: Today is to be partly cloudy to bright and there will be a slight decrease in temperatures. Tonight will partly cloudy.
Tomorrow partly cloudy to bright with a slight drop in temperatures. Heat is expected to decrease.
On Wednesday and Thursday no significant changes are expected.
FILE PHOTO: A Rohingya man carrying his belongings approaches the Bangladesh-Myanmar border in Bandarban, an area under Cox's Bazar authority, Bangladesh, August 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain/File Photo
By Tommy Wilkes
COX'S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - For 28-year-old Rohingya Muslim shopkeeper Mohammed Rashid, the evening phone call from organizers of the fledgling insurgent movement came as a surprise.
"Be ready," was the message.
A few hours later, after meeting in the darkness in an open field, he was one of 150 men who attacked a Myanmar Border Guard Police post armed with swords, homemade explosives and a few handguns. At the end of a short battle, half a dozen men he had grown up with in his village were dead.
"We had no training, no weapons," said Rashid, from the Buthidaung area of Myanmar's Rakhine state, who had joined the group just two months earlier.
Accounts from some of those, like Rashid, who took part in attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) on dozens of police posts early on Aug. 25 paint a picture of a rag-tag band of hopeless, angry villagers, who were promised AK-47 rifles but ended up fighting with sticks and knives.
Hundreds joined as recently as June, according to the accounts, and membership meant little more than a knife and messages from leaders on the popular mobile messaging app Whatsapp.
Reuters interviewed half a dozen fighters and members of the group now sheltering in Bangladesh, as well as dozens of others among the more than half a million Rohingya refugees who have fled across the border to escape a Myanmar army counteroffensive that the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing.
ARSA, which emerged in 2016, says in press releases and video messages from its leader, Ata Ullah, that it is fighting for the rights of the Rohingya, a stateless Muslim minority that has long complained of persecution in mainly Buddhist Myanmar.
Myanmar says ARSA is a ruthless Islamist extremist movement that wants to create an Islamic republic in northern Rakhine.
Despite the massive suffering inflicted on their communities in the weeks since the August attacks, most of the fighters now stuck in dirt-poor camps said they were determined to continue their fight and some refugees voiced support for the insurgency.
Other refugees Reuters spoke to criticized the insurgents for bringing more misery upon them.
Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's spokesman, Zaw Htay, said ARSA had killed many Muslims who had cooperated with the authorities and so "people have felt threatened and terrorized" into supporting it. He added that Myanmar's intelligence showed that religious scholars were prominent in recruiting followers.
ARSA denies killing civilians, and did not respond to a request for comment this week.
Analysts say the violence could galvanize ARSA members and supporters huddled in the refugee camps and among those Rohingya still in Myanmar, as people feel they have even less to lose.
"A militancy like this finds fertile ground because of the desperation of the community," said Richard Horsey, a Yangon-based analyst and former U.N. official. "They are willing to take suicidal steps because they don't see any other choice."
Transnational Islamist groups could also try to exploit the desperation in the camps to radicalize people, Horsey added. Al Qaeda last month called for support for the Rohingya.
HOMEMADE WEAPONS AND WHATSAPP
Reuters could not independently verify the individual insurgents' stories, but there were broad similarities in all of their accounts.
One fighter, 35-year-old Kamal Hussain from a village in Rathedaung in Myanmar's Rakhine state, said he joined ARSA when a religious teacher stood in his village square in June, during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, and implored a crowd of hundreds to fight.
"He said we have no choice but to attack Myanmar because our brothers and sisters are being killed day by day. I think everyone joined that day," Hussain said, as he sat under a tarpaulin in a Bangladesh refugee camp. "We should attack again and again. I would go back to fight if I had the chance."
Unlike longer-serving fighters, most new joiners had little or no training or contact with the group's leaders, who communicated using Whatsapp and delivered rudimentary homemade explosives ahead of the assaults.
A third fighter, his account supported by comments from two elders from his village interviewed separately, said he and about 60 men from Myin Hlut signed up three months ago.
The 26-year-old, who asked not to be named because he feared arrest by Bangladeshi authorities, said he was among 200 men who attacked another police checkpost in the early hours of Aug. 25.
"We had only knives and sticks, no guns," he said. "They promised us AK-47s but we got nothing. The explosives didn't work. We had two of them for the whole group, but when we threw them nothing happened."
About 40 fighters were killed, he said, but added that he would do it again if called on.
"I still support ARSA," he said. "If my leaders call me to go again and fight, I will go back."
According to two village-level commanders, there were Whatsapp groups restricted to leaders and others to members.
Bigger groups, administered from overseas, were used to build broader community support for ARSA and the Rohingya cause.
On his phone, Shoket Ullah, an uncle of the 26-year-old fighter, scrolled through messages posted in the Whatsapp group "ARSA.G1", administered through a Saudi phone number, where ARSA press releases, videos of alleged Myanmar military violence and messages of support for Rohingyas were shared.
Another Whatsapp group on Ullah's phone, "Rohingya Desh Arakan", is administered by someone using a number from Malaysia. Tens of thousands of Rohingya live in both Saudi Arabia and Malaysia.
LOCAL BACKING
Rohingya angers at Myanmar has long existed, but this is the first serious armed resistance in decades.
In the crowded Bangladeshi camps, several refugees voice support for ARSA.
"I am disappointed and regret what happened but this was pre-planned by the Myanmar government," said Shafi Rahman, a 45-year-old Burmese teacher whose village was burned to the ground the day after the attacks. "If ARSA didn't attack, they would have done this to us anyway."
Several refugees said some people had begun to sell cattle, vegetables and rice to raise funds for ARSA.
Not everyone was supportive, however. When Kamal Hussain, the fighter, argued that ARSA needed to keep fighting, his neighbors in the camp shouted him down.
"We have lost everything. Violence is not the answer," shouted one elderly man, as muddy water spilled into the tent he now calls home.
It is not obvious how fighters would regroup and rebuild after so many have fled across the border or disappeared.
Three of the fighters who spoke to Reuters said they had been surprised by the ferocity of the Myanmar military's response, and within weeks commanders had told their men to put down their weapons and abandon their villages.
Several said Whatsapp groups where regional and field commanders from ARSA, which before a rebranding this year called itself al-Yakin, or "Faith Movement", would post updates had gone quiet.
"People who blame this on al-Yakin need to realize my people had to flee in 1978 and in the 1990s when there was no ARSA," said one of the two village-level commanders, who grew up in Bangladesh after his family fled an earlier outbreak of violence, but returned to Myanmar in the 1990s.
"We should continue to attack. Even women can join."
(Additional reporting by Andrew R.C. Marshall in BANGKOK; Editing by Alex Richardson)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Kobe Bryant has been on a storytelling frenzy since retiring from his 20-year NBA career back in 2016. The latest tale comes in the form of a book that details his esteemed accomplishments.
"The Mamba Mentality: How I Play" book comes out October 23, 2018! Learn how I approached the process and the craft, accompanied by 20 yrs of photos from the incomparable @ADBPhotoInc. Intros by @paugasol & @PhilJackson11 https://t.co/Na41sWLmtp pic.twitter.com/POFZnOwZPm — Kobe Bryant (@kobebryant) May 29, 2018
The Black Mamba announced that his new book, The Mamba Mentality, will roll out on October 23, inviting the world deeper into his basketball frame of mind. It's also set to feature a plethora of pictures from Bryant's illustrious 20-year career, ranging from his start as an 18-year-old rookie from Lower Merion High School all the way to being considered the greatest Laker of all time.
Bryant exclaimed his passion for storytelling prior to hanging up his jersey. Since then, he's won an Academy Award and an Emmy Award for Dear Basketball, an animated short film based on an open letter to the game of basketball he loves so much. Basically, Mamba just keeps on winning.
In the midst of the NBA Playoffs, he also debuted his new show Detail: From the Mind of Kobe Bryant, where he highlights one NBA player and breaks down their game film as he would do himself. Bryant dissected one his best Playoffs performances in the pilot episode, and since then has targeted NBA players, such as DeMar DeRozan, Donovan Mitchell and Jayson Tatum. With the Finals looming, It'll be interesting to see who Bryant's next target will be, especially since fans would love to see an episode on LeBron James.
We look forward to watching, reading and learning from Kobe through his work. The Mamba Mentality: How I Play book is available for pre-order now at Amazon.
My Little Pony: The Movie is a big screen adaptation of the popular TV series My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic directed by Jayson Thiessen. The ensemble voice cast features the series' regulars – Tara Strong, Andrea Libman, Ashleigh Ball, Tabitha St. Germain, and Cathy Weseluck – alongside Uzo Aduba, Emily Blunt, Kristin Chenoweth, Taye Diggs, Michael Peña, Zoe Saldana, Liev Schreiber, and Sia.
A dark force threatens Ponyville, and the Mane 6 – Twilight Sparkle, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy, and Rarity – embark on an unforgettable journey beyond Equestria where they meet new friends and exciting challenges on a quest to use the magic of friendship to save their home.
“To me, this seemed a natural progression, with all these epic, big worlds that surround the ponies, and the way that their ensemble cast works so well together,” says director Jayson Thiessen. “From the beginning, the storytelling was so strong on the series, that I thought, someday, we could work our way up to making a story worthy of the big screen. So being able to do that now was huge.” “It felt like it was inevitable that we would get here eventually.”
My Little Pony: The Movie is rated G.
An Iraqi-Canadian was reportedly among the 39 people killed after a nightclub massacre in Turkey that happened during a New Year's Eve celebration in Istanbul.
Seventy others were injured when a man opened fire at a crowded club. Local authorities have already begun to identify those killed, but the gunman still remains at large.
Warning some of the video is graphic.
Heatseeker
The heat is in full swing and so is the bite, August is the month for half day trips in the morning and long naps in the afternoon.
Knowing the feeding patterns of fish in relation to the time of day and tidal movement is key this time of year. Sometimes during mid-day when the heat is the worst can be the best time to catch.
Many fish will be found on the flats during incoming tides and high water, when the tide starts to flow out focus on deeper cuts and ledges to find fish.
The snook fishing has been excellent the past month and is expected to stay that way. On a fast incoming tide double and triple hookups are not uncommon. Most of the snook caught have been smaller at 24 to 28 inches. However, many snooks in the 32 to 38 inch range are caught on trips as well, just a few weeks ago a client brought in a 40 inch fish.
The redfish action has also been very good. The bite is hot when the water is moving, and the preferred setting would be a low tide that is incoming. The average size of redfish being caught is slot fish in the 20 to 27 inch range.
When fishing the areas I mentioned, free-line a live or cut scaled sardine within the target area using 30 pound fluorocarbon leader and a 4/0 hook. The addition of a few split shots may be necessary to keep baits in the specific location during stronger tides.
The phrase match the hatch is a tried and true method used to select the proper bait for fishing any given area. The waterways of Pinellas County are currently filled with pinfish. These palm size baitfish are great for catching snook and redfish. Scaled sardines and pinfish can be caught by throwing a cast net or can be bought at most bait shops.
There's no time like the present to get out on the water and go fishing. Remember to wear sunscreen as the UV rays are in full force. Also don't forget to stay hydrated!
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in the sun-drenched state, setting up a political fight over a measure funded by a California billionaire.
Clean Energy for a Healthy Arizona aims to ask voters whether they want the state Constitution to require half of Arizona's electricity come from renewable sources like wind and solar by 2030. The group plans to file more than 225,000 signatures Thursday gets the question on the November ballot.
Billionaire philanthropist Tom Steyer is financing the initiative through his NextGen Climate Action group, which supported similar efforts in Nevada and Michigan. But only the Arizona measure spawned a political battle, with the Republican-controlled Legislature passing a rule to help insulate utilities and the parent company of the state's largest electricity provider bankrolling opposition messaging.
Steyer, known for climate advocacy as well as his push to impeach President Donald Trump, says he's backing the proposal because of the benefits it will bring to Arizona.
"It actually will lead to lower costs and save a lot of money for consumers," Steyer said. "It leads to clean air and a lot better health outcomes for Arizonans, and it should create literally tens of thousands of jobs in the state of Arizona. So it's hard to understand why these people are fighting it."
Supporters of the initiative say Arizona hasn't taken advantage of its role as the sunniest state in the nation to develop more solar energy, saying it derives just 6 percent of its energy from solar.
Arizona Public Service Co. says the proposed constitutional amendment will cause customers' utility rates to skyrocket and harm reliability.
Its parent company, Pinnacle West Capital Corp., funneled $1.18 million to Arizonans for Affordable Energy to oppose the initiative in the first three months of the year. Multiple chambers of commerce, Tucson Electric Power and Chicanos Por La Causa also oppose it.
"Everyone supports renewable energy," said Matthew Benson, spokesman for the utility-funded opposition initiative. "The question is whether we are going to have an Arizona plan that is created and implemented by Arizona leaders and officials, or whether we're going to have a plan crammed down our throats by a political activist from California."
Campaign finance records show Steyer's group gave $750,000 in cash and more than $200,000 in goods and services to the renewable energy campaign.
Opponents have used the #StopSteyer hashtag in the run-up to Thursday's deadline for petition signatures. Legislative Republicans also cast him as an "out-of-state billionaire" when they passed a law that limits the cost of not complying with renewable energy mandates.
Steyer disagrees that he's dictating policy. The National Resources Defense Council, Mi Familia Vota, and various in-state health and climate groups have endorsed the initiative as a way to bring more renewable energy to Arizona.
"When concentrated corporate interests put themselves and their bottom line ahead of the people, I don't like that," Steyer said. "And that's what I suspect is happening here. And I think the people of Arizona should be asked what they think, and that's what we're trying to enable."
Arizona is one of three states where the billionaire's NextGen Climate Action group pushed ballot initiatives for higher renewable energy standards. Nevada's measure hasn't drawn the same uproar, and the effort in Michigan ended after two utilities decided to increase investments in renewable energy.
Benson says Arizona is different partly because of the numbers - the Michigan initiative had a 30 percent renewable mandate compared with 50 percent in Arizona. The Arizona Corporation Commission already requires electric utilities to generate 15 percent of their energy from renewable sources by 2025.
APS also warned that the initiative's higher renewable standard would force its nuclear power plant to close. Nuclear wouldn't count toward the 50 percent mandate, and APS says its Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station is the largest electricity producer in the U.S.
Jeff Burke, APS director of resources planning, says customers would see 6 to 14 percent increases on their bills if the company is forced to ratchet up renewable use ahead of schedule.
"We continue to add renewables to our system, but they have to make sense," Burke said. "It's not really about a target, it's about what makes sense for our customers' usage and what makes rates affordable and what keeps our system reliable."
Thirty-two states with renewable standards didn't have, on average, a correlated rate increase, according to Wesley Hersche, an associate director of research with Arizona State University's Global Security Initiative.
"These issues involve a complex interaction of factors, and we should be careful not to oversimplify things," Hersche wrote in April. "But renewable energy technologies such as solar, wind, and battery storage have become so cheap recently that this finding is not all that surprising."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) – NBC-TV says actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport.
NBC reports that Ford, an experienced pilot, was told to land on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but he mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby.
NBC says air traffic control recordings have Ford asking: “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?”
American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas.
Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined comment Tuesday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was the pilot of the single-engine Husky, but he says the pilot received and read back the proper landing instructions.
The FAA is investigating.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
MIAMI (AP) — Gloria Estefan says her mother, Gloria Fajardo, has died at age 88.
The Grammy Award-winning singer announced the death on her Instagram account Wednesday.
Estefan says her mother died Tuesday. She didn't give a cause of death, but in previous Instagram posts, family members said Fajardo had been in the hospital for more than a month.
Fajardo was a Cuban teacher who fled with her husband to the United States in 1959 and settled in Miami when Fidel Castro rose to power and Estefan was only a toddler.
Fajardo received a standing ovation at one of her last public appearances, the February debut concert of Gloria Estefan's daughter.
In addition to Estefan, Fajardo is survived by a second daughter, Estefan's two children, and Estefan's grandson.
This week Swedish EDM star Avicii releases a new EP, indie-rock titans Guided by Voices release their second new album of 2017, Jim Croce's son A.J. Croce releases his ninth album, British rockers the Cribs release a bold, raw record, Frankie Rose explores a more delicate synth-y side and Canadian country singer Lindsay Ell drops her debut album.
Amazon
Avicii's “AVICI (01)”
***
Swedish EDM star Avicii has dropped a six-song EP entitled “AVICI (01).” Supposedly this will be the first part in a series of EPs making up his third album. This EP is guest-heavy and finds him working with mixed results, but more often than not, it works.
Listening to “Without You” featuring Sandro Cavazza and you get the feeling that he's blending somewhat standard balladry with a textbook rave-up. Soft beginnings lead to booming choruses and then recede. When Avicii pitch-shifts and remixes Cavazza's “So Much Better,” it works, but with its refrain of “I could do so much better,” you can't help but agree. Avicii is capable of making records that are far less predictable.
Even if this is one of his most consistently enjoyable releases date, he's doing what is most universally appealing. It might give him hits, but it makes things a bit boring. Even though “You Be Love” featuring Billy Raffoul has some interesting emotional turns, you can predict the keyboard rise before it comes.
Overall, “AVICI (01)” shows Avicii growing and slowly branching out, even if his standard mixing of easy balladry and EDM tropes sometimes brings him down. Hopefully the EPs that may follow will get him even more out of his comfort zone. He has plenty of room to still grow.
Focus Tracks:
“Lonely Together” (Featuring Rita Ora) This is the one stunning example of modern pop on this record. This is the one slow-burning banger where the formulas really come together to create something compelling. Ora brings a smoothness to the track, making something worthy of repeated listens.
“What Would I Change It to” (Featuring AlunaGeorge) There's a sweet, singsongy quality to this song. It gets by on a combination of immediate familiarity and cuteness. Again the kick-drum and calculated claps serve as a bit too strong of a backbone, but the British duo AlunaGeorge take Avicii beyond his stock tendencies.
Amazon
Guided by Voices' “How Do You Spell Heaven”
****
Four months after handing in the double-length “August By Cake,” Robert Pollard and the current incarnation of Guided by Voices deliver the 15-track, 37-minute “How Do You Spell Heaven.” While Pollard's prolific output often results in an unwieldy and sometimes uneven discography, this album and its immediate predecessor seem to indicate Pollard continues to be in peak-form.
This is a very cohesive set with numbers like “Diver Dan” and “The Birthday Democrats” showcasing Pollard at his signature best. Throughout, he maintains an indie-rock explosiveness with a power-pop-anchored catchiness. The set is also decently produced, sounding experimental but not so lo-fi that it hinders the end product.
“King 007” has a lounge-flavored swagger, while “How to Murder a Man (In 3 Acts)” is a quickly shifting, multi-hued triumph. You get the feeling that Pollard could stretch these songs out if he wished, but the fact that he often leaves them as one-to-three-minute sketches keeps things moving and to the point. When he does decide to expand, like on the four-minute instrumental, “Pearly Gates Smoke Machine,” with its classic rock poses, things get more interesting.
There's a regal quality to much of this record, even if it has its occasional purposely ragged edges. The inward-looking, smoldering qualities of “Low Flying Perfection” and “Tenth Century” indicate Pollard still can beguile and stun simultaneously.
Focus Tracks:
“Low Flying Perfection” This is a future GBV classic on par with “I Am a Tree” and “The Best of Jill Hives,” as it simmers with slow-burning perfection.
“Diver Dan” A bubbling two-minute burst of a song, this is also a vintage slice of GBV.
“Steppenwolf Mausoleum” There's an earnestness throughout this record that indicates some hard-driving, dark edges. This track is one of the most successful turns in this vein.
Amazon
A.J. Croce's “Just Like Medicine”
***1/2
"Just Like Medicine” finds A.J. Croce working with legendary titans like Steve Cropper and co-writing a song with the late Leon Russell. Croce takes an understandably large chunk of influence from his legendary dad, singer Jim, even taking on his father's previously never recorded composition, “Name of the Game” and making it his own.
“Just Like Medicine” is a brisk, brief workout but it also shows that Croce is a performer in his own right, working from an age-old blue and rock mold. “Cures Just Like Medicine” is soulful track, as is the Russell co-penned “The Heart That Makes Me Whole.” There's an old-school back-to-basics energy on both “Full Up” and “Hold You.” Croce is working from an older mold that blends a singer-songwriter strain with some strong Stax influence.
Seasoned producer Dan Penn helps Croce execute an album that sounds like it was crafted with the influence of greats like Van Morrison, Bob Dylan and Elvis Costello in mind. Croce's voice takes on several different tones during the course of the record, often having bluesy appeal. You can't help but occasionally think of his father while listening to this record, but in spite of his obvious nods to other legends, it is evident that Croce has been (perhaps more subtly) building a legacy of his own.
“The Heart That Makes Me Whole” You can definitely hear Leon Russell's input on this track and Croce really sells it with a powerfully soulful croon.
“Name of the Game” No doubt there was a lot of thought put into to tackling a previously unreleased song by his heavily celebrated father, but taking on such a task was definitely the right move. Doing so brings the bits of family resemblance to the forefront of the conversation. Croce delivers the song with both love and pride.
“Hold You” There's definitely a Van Morrison vibe here and Croce does this sound some justice.
Amazon
The Cribs' “24-7 Rockstar S---”
****
On some level, the album's title brings up absurd associations with outdated “rock star” tropes, but at the same time, once you hear that opening burst of feedback that opens “Give Good Time,” the title fits nonetheless, even if it initially comes off a bit hamfisted.
There's fury embedded deeply in “Year of Hate,” but underneath all the shouting, the guitar and the bass keep a solid melodic structure intact. As the vocals settle and become more melodic, it feels like an exercise in catharsis.
“Dendrophobia” brings to mind the most blistering side of Nirvana, which isn't surprising given Albini's presence on “In Utero.” In the midst of the pop-fueled atmosphere of 2017, this brand of volatility sounds fresh and exciting. Even when the band calms down on songs like “What Have You Done for Me” and “Dead at the Wheel,” a seething undercurrent is still present. This is a wonderfully unsettled record and yet if you really give it a concentrated listen, it is deceptively tuneful. Just give the brash “Partisan” and “Broken Arrow” a solid examination and both songs would survive much quieter readings with all their structural charms still present.
“24-7 Rockstar S---” is an album designed for blasting. It's a gleefully unhinged celebration of sheer volume, punctuated by amplifier squeals and a no-frills attitude.
Focus Tracks:
“Year of Hate” This is the album's strongest track. It's unsettled and at the same time it keeps your attention for reasons beyond its palpable sense of fury.
“What Have You Done for Me” This is a singer-songwriter number injected with a brazen fuzz-rock core that makes it really simmer. The guitars explode and recede in the background adding powerful bits of emphasis.
“Broken Arrow” On this, the album's closing track, the Jarman brothers end the set on an upbeat note, with a thunderous, surprisingly pop-fueled chorus.
Amazon
Frankie Rose's “Cage Tropical”
****
Singer-songwriter and rocker Frankie Rose has spent time in a number of key bands, notably Beverly, Dum Dum Girls, Vivian Girls and more. On her first solo record in four years, “Cage Tropical,” she trades up indie-rock for glowing eighties-inspired synth pop with an ethereal glow. No doubt this may be a polarizing effort for some fans of her previous work, but it is a polished, electro-fueled exercise with the same brand of majesty.
“Dancing Down the Hall” is vaguely hypnotizing, while “Art Bell” takes a sly whisper and turns it into something that sounds like a post-punk experiment.
By calling a song “Love in Rockets,” she is nodding to the post-Bauhaus band Love and Rockets, and yet there's something undeniably sunny about her approach, beneath the sleek atmospheres. Producer Jorge Elbrecht is able to bring forth the smooth, airy sound he brings to his own band, Violens' records. This also feels like a cousin to Tamaryn's 2015 album “Cranekiss” and No Joy's 2015 album “More Faithfull,” two albums which Elbrecht also helmed.
From the light pop shine of the title-track to the intriguing warmth of “Red Museum,” this stands as an appealing and unique record that should open up Frankie Rose to a bigger audience.
Focus Tracks:
“Red Museum” A swirling, somewhat dreamy composition, this song has some great vocal and instrumental call-and-response during the verse portion, and a blooming, bursting, multi-layered chorus.
“Trouble” This is slick, semi-robotic ethereal exercise that sounds like a future new-wave classic. Rose isn't quite singing in a deadpan tone here, but she is close.
“Dyson Sphere” There's a whispering, early-Cure-like energy here and yet this sounds ready for the beach at the same time. It bristles with both indie coolness and an alterna-pop sensibility.
Amazon
>Lindsay Ell's “The Project”
***1/2
Produced by Sugarland's Kristian Bush, the debut studio album from Canadian country singer Lindsay Ell is a likable, diverse release. Though Ell has a minor hint of a twang that pops up from time to time, really this record finds its sweet spot in mid-tempo pop numbers. There's nothing really “country,” for instance, about the sleek sound of “Champagne,” which has a sultry, almost jazzy vibe. While this song has its cheesy moments (it name-checks both Jessica Biel and Aretha Franklin) it still winds up being a somewhat likable pop nugget.
On “Wildfire,” Ell works an appealing blues-rock groove, while “Castle” has some blues and R&B-flavored textures. Meanwhile, “Mint” has a bright, bounciness that cements its upbeat vibe. Sure, these are somewhat standard songs on some level, but Ell can drive them home.
On the surface, it sometimes seems like she is stuck on gender stereotypes that are perhaps a tad stale. “Just Another Girl” has the lines, “I could cry I guess. / Damsel in distress. / That's a role I really know.” Soon after, though, she talks herself up after a break-up, essentially telling herself to not be “Just Another Girl,” to find a backbone and move on with her life.
There are peaks and valleys on this record. “The Project” definitely feels very much like a country-pop offering of the most commercial sort, and sometimes it gets ahead of itself. However, in the end, Ell is able to shift and move within the context of any backdrop she is handed. This is a record that could earn a wide audience.
Focus Tracks:
“Wildfire” This is easily the most ear-catching track on the record. It has a pretty rocking core and Ell commands the crowd, perhaps showing some influence from early-period Sheryl Crow. You can bet in concert this is a bit of a pop rager.
“White Noise” A country-pop number with some nods to R&B in its verse sections, but its big chorus could potentially make it a hit. What makes this album on the whole appealing is that for the most part, its rises come off as pretty effortless and natural.
“Worth the Wait” The echo on her voice is perfectly placed as Ell sings over a beautiful and subtle electric guitar riff.
Later this week: New music from Grizzly Bear and more.
U.S. President reacts to release of memo alleging abuse of government surveillance powers by Justice Department.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday reacted to the release of a previously classified memo alleging abuse of government surveillance powers by the Justice Department, saying the memo “totally vindicates" him and adding the Russia investigation as “an American disgrace”, reports The Hill.
“This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on,” Trump tweeted. “Their [sic] was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
The president later tweeted, “Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!”
The memo, released Friday, accuses senior Justice Department officials of improperly using information from the so-called Steele dossier to obtain surveillance warrants on Carter Page, a member of the Trump transition team and former Trump adviser.
The document claims that although the FBI had "clear evidence" that the author of the dossier, former British spy Christopher Steele, was biased against then-candidate Trump, it did not convey this to the surveillance court when making its warrant applications.
The memo alleges that the political origins of the dossier — partially paid for by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) — were not disclosed to the clandestine court that signed off on the warrant request.
Trump on Friday approved the release of the memo, despite objections from top officials at the FBI and Justice Department. He called its revelations disgraceful.
“I think it's a disgrace,” he told reporters. "A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
The FBI, for its part, warned that it had “grave concerns” about the accuracy of the document.
"The FBI takes seriously its obligations to the FISA Court and its compliance with procedures overseen by career professionals in the Department of Justice and the FBI," the FBI said in its statement. "We are committed to working with the appropriate oversight entities to ensure the continuing integrity of the FISA process."
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — There's a new proposed measure aimed at keeping tabs on NYPD surveillance.
Supporters call it responsible disclosure to New Yorkers concerned about privacy. Critics say it would be like giving a road map to terrorists and criminals.
In an age when some worry about “Big Brother” watching, the NYPD has an ever-growing arsenal of surveillance tools.
Vans equipped with mobile x-ray units, license plate readers, even so-called “Stingray” devices that can track your cell phone are all a source of concern to privacy advocates.
“We need to know what surveillance tools they've acquired, how they're using them, and what happens to all of that data,” Michael Price from the Brennan Center tells CBS2's Tony Aiello.
Forcing that disclosure is the goal of a bill that's made its way to the City Council, requiring the NYPD to spell out what and how surveillance technologies are in use.
“Civilians are in charge of the police force and we need to be able to understand what technologies are being employed in our name,” Councilman Dan Garodnick (D-4th) said.
As CBS2's Aiello reported, the NYPD also has surveillance technologies we don't know about, and they won't talk about. So secret, the department says, the suppliers won't even allow disclosure.
“Many of these technologies, because they're only effective if bad people don't know how they work and how to defeat it,” NYPD Deputy Commissioner Larry Byrne said. “They are given to us pursuant to very strict non-disclosure agreements.”
NYPD brass presented a united front against the City Council bill. Deputy Commissioner John Miller said the demands for disclosure “would create a one-stop shopping guide to understanding these tools and how to thwart them for criminal elements and terrorists across the nation and world.”
Bill sponsors say they want to get this right, and will work with the NYPD to craft a bill that balances public safety with the public's right to know.
GREENEVILLE, TN (WJHL) – Greene County Commissioner Eddie Jennings' resolution to adopt a dress code for county commission meetings failed at Monday night's county commission meeting.
Jennings said he's heard complaints from constituents about the way some commissioners dress during meetings. Jennings thinks it's inappropriate to wear things like shorts and jogging pants or to have uncombed hair while representing the county, but fellow commissioners didn't agree.
In a 3 to 17 vote the resolution failed. “I've done what I promised the people I'd do when they came to me to complain. I stood for what they were wanting and I did it so I've done all I can do,” Jennings said.
Commissioners we spoke with off camera said Greene County has more important things to worry about than a dress code. Jennings said he's done with this for now and the county commission has spoken.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Poland and Israel have used full-page ads in German newspapers, including the conservative daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, to praise their countries' ties and comment on Poland's controversial Holocaust law.
The so-called "joint declaration" begins by stating that "for 30 years, relations between our countries and peoples have been built on a solid foundation of trust and understanding" and goes on to say both nations are united by a "deep, long-lasting friendship" marked by "mutual respect for the identity and historical sensitivity of our tragic past." The ad was published in the name of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his Polish counterpart Mateusz Morawiecki.
Poland's divisive Holocaust law
The ad signals a warming of ties after tension had arisen between both countries over Poland's controversial Holocaust law. Passed in early 2018, the law instantly drew condemnation from Israel, the United States and Ukraine.
It stipulated fines and jail sentences of up to three years for individuals who "publicly and in denial of the facts" blame Poles or the Polish state for carrying full or partial responsibility for crimes committed by Nazi Germany.
Read more: Auschwitz: Evolution of a death camp and Holocaust memorial
Critics feared the law would prevent Holocaust survivors and historians from researching the role that some Poles played in Germany's genocide against the Jews.
Relations between Poland and Israel were so fraught that Netanyahu accused Poland of trying to rewrite history and possibly even deny the Holocaust.
Six months later, at Morawiecki's behest, Poland revised the law and cut any reference to possible jail sentences.
Why publish in the German press?
That Poland and Israel would buy such an ad in the German press may, at first glance, appear surprising. But it isn't really, according to Manuel Sarrazin, a member of Germany's Green party who chairs the German-Polish parliament group.
"It is important for Germany that Poland and Israel are on good terms," he said, adding that the ad indicates both sides have resumed friendly relations.
He welcomed efforts from Poland and Israel to intensify their dialogue over their shared history.
"In Germany, we need to realize that Poland's domestic debate [regarding the Holocaust] is also partly due to German media, which failed to distance itself from its own, revisionist portrayals of history," he said. German media has occasionally mistakenly referred to Nazi concentration camps in occupied Poland as "Polish death camps."
The Polish-Israeli ad states that it is "clear the Holocaust represents an unprecedented crime committed by Nazi Germany against the Jews and all Poles of Jewish descent" and adds that Poland "has always shown it fully understands the significance of the Holocaust."
But the ad also concedes: "We recognize that there were horrific acts committed by Poles against Jews during World War II, and we condemn every one of these."
At the same time, the ad highlights the "heroic actions of many Poles," who risked their own lives to save Jews.
From Woman's Day
OFFICIAL RULES
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING
1. WINNER SELECTION: Winners (individually and collectively, the "Winner") will be selected on or about 11/31/2017 in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received. All sweepstakes are a different drawing that must be entered separately. All the sweepstakes in these Official Rules are individually and collectively the "Sweepstakes." In the event the Sponsor does not receive any eligible entries, the Sponsor has the right to cancel the Sweepstakes. Drawing will be conducted by Woman's Day, whose decisions are final. Odds of winning will depend upon the total number of eligible entries received. In the event Canadians are eligible to enter as specified in the Eligibility paragraph below, and if there is a Canadian Winner, the Winner will be required to correctly answer a mathematical skill testing question as a condition of receiving the prize. Important Notice: You may be charged for visiting the mobile website in accordance with the terms of your service agreement with your carrier. Please consult your wireless service provider regarding your pricing plan. You must use a Smartphone device to participate via your mobile phone. Not all mobile phone providers carry the necessary service to participate. Check your phone capabilities for specific Internet instructions. If your data usage exceeds what is allotted by your data plan, you could be subject to additional fees by your carrier. Please contact your mobile service provider with any questions regarding your bill.
2. WINNER NOTIFICATION: Winner will be notified within one (1) month of the last day of the Sweepstakes, via e-mail, and/or at Sponsor's discretion, via phone or postal mail. In the event the Winner doesn't respond to Sponsor's notification or does not accept the prize within five (5) business days of notification, the prize will be deemed forfeited and an alternate Winner will be selected. In the event that any one or more potential Winner(s) fails to respond as stated above, declines the prize or fails to provide signed affidavits or releases, such Winner(s) will be deemed to forfeit the prize and Sponsor will select an alternate Winner(s) from the remaining eligible entrants. If any alternate(s) similarly fails to respond or declines the prize, Sponsor will use a reasonable number of attempts, in its discretion, to award the prize(s) to another alternate(s) but if it is unable to do so, the prize(s) will be finally forfeited and Sponsor shall have no further liability in connection with said Sweepstakes. List of Winner(s): For the name(s) of the Winner(s), send a separate self-addressed, stamped envelope to September 2017 Woman's Day 80th Anniversary Sweepstakes Winners' List, Hearst Communications, Inc., 300 West 57th Street NY, NY 10019 within two (2) months from the Winner notification date as specified above.
Coleman Sweepstakes: Enter beginning 12:01 A.M. (ET) on August 15, 2017, through 11:59 P.M. (ET) on October 15, 2017 (the "Entry Period"). Go to womansday.com/giveaways on a computer or wireless device and complete and submit the entry form pursuant to the onscreen instructions. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR ENTRY WILL NOT BE COMPLETED UNTIL YOU HAVE COMPLETED THE OFFICIAL ENTRY FORM AND ENTERED YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION. Prizes & Approximate Retail Value: One (1) winner will receive two Coleman Stadium Seats in Red and Blue (ARV: $15 each). Total ARV of all prizes awarded: $30. Any difference between the stated ARV and the actual value of the prize will not be awarded in any form.
3. ENTRIES: Limit one (1) entry per person per day for each Sweepstake. Multiple entries from the same person per day for the same sweepstakes will be disqualified. Entries become the property of the Sponsor and will not be returned. Proof of submission does not constitute proof of receipt. If applicable, illegible, inaccurate, lost, late, misdirected, incomplete, mutilated, postage due or mechanically reproduced entry forms or entry forms that have been tampered with will be disqualified. Online entrants must have valid email address and it is entrant's responsibility to update Sponsor of any change in email address. The mobile phone number and wireless service provider/carrier of mobile entrants (if applicable) will be automatically captured in the Sweepstakes database and all participation will be limited to that phone number unless entrant notifies Sponsor of a change. If there is a dispute as to the identity of an online or mobile entrant, the prize will be awarded to the authorized account holder of the email address or mobile phone. The "authorized account holder" is defined as the natural person to whom the email address or mobile phone is assigned by an internet service provider, online service provider, carrier, mobile phone provider or other organization (e.g., business, educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning the email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address or responsible for assigning the mobile phone number.
Read More
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," he says.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. His company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is his biggest customer by far.
From his home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations his company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in his office, watching the electrician do the installation. He ran out, moved his electric car, plugged in and charged his car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
Tony Romo is set to become a dad once again!
"We will be expecting our third little Romo offspring this August," the Dallas Cowboys quarterback's wife, Candice, announced on KTCK 96.7 FM/1310 AM The Ticket on Tuesday.
WATCH: Hannah Jeter Shows Off Her Growing Baby Bump in Super Sexy Lace-Up Leather Skirt
The pair has been married for five years and have two sons, 4-year-old Hawkins and 2-year-old Rivers.
The news comes as the 36-year-old athlete's football future remains in limbo, after he lost his starting job this season following a back injury.
Candice, 30, added that the couple "know as much as you guys" about what's next for her husband and didn't rule out relocating the family if he joins a different team.
"We just don't know," the former Miss USA contestant said. "There's so many variables and things that can take place that my mom has always said, 'You just don't cross that bridge until you get there.' And I just don't really worry about it until it comes. We're not really worried about it. We're just going to see it as it comes."
As for what other occupations might sit well with Romo when the time comes to retire from football, Candice — the sister of actor Chace Crawford — shared that she could envision him taking on Hollywood.
WATCH: Candy Spelling Throws Extravagant Bel-Air Baby Shower for Daughter Tori
"This is really crazy, but I think he'd be such a good actor. He's really more of a creative, I think. He has a good balance of that type-A and creative. His timing is impressive, and we're kind of movie connoisseurs and we love television. We watch a lot of movies and just watch the craft. I personally think he'd be a really good actor."
"I don't know if we're going to be moving to L.A. any time soon to pursue this, but I really think he'd be good at it," she continued.
Related Articles
Norway and Romania each enjoyed victories as the Ivory Coast confirmed their withdrawal from the Women's Junior World Handball Championship in Debrecen.
Ivory Coast did not turn up for their opening matches in Group A and have now confirmed their non participation.
"On July 4, the 2018 International Handball Federation (IHF) Women's Junior World Championship Competition Management received the official notice that the Ivory Coast team will not be able to travel to Hungary for the event and will therefore not participate," a statement confirmed.
"This information came following the delayed travel of the team, after which the Group A schedule was adjusted in the hope of avoiding the cancellation of other matches.
"In accordance with the corresponding decision of the Competition Management following the relevant IHF Regulations, the team of the Ivory Coast will be removed from the match schedule of the event.
"This means that all other teams in Group A will only play four preliminary round matches."
Norway, who missed their first match against the Ivorians, triumphed 25-20 against Brazil in their first encounter at the Főnix Hall.
Romania overcame Paraguay elsewhere today ©HungaryHandball2018
In Group B, defending bronze medallists Romania progressed in a 41-25 win over Paraguay at the Hódos Imre Sports Hall.
Romania only led 16-13 at the halfway point before pressing ahead.
Andrada-Bianca Berbece scored 10 goals for the European side.
Hungary also beat Portugal 33-20 today in Group A.
in Group C, Japan were beaten 33-23 by defending champions Denmark while The Netherlands beat Angola 37-21.
(AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File). FILE - In this April 3, 2018, file photo, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt speaks at a news conference at the EPA in Washington. New internal documents say a sweep for hidden listening devices i...
By MICHAEL BIESECKER
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The security chief for the head of the Environmental Protection Agency has been operating an outside consulting firm without proper approval from ethics officials, Democratic lawmakers said Tuesday.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt last year tapped EPA special agent Pasquale "Nino" Perrotta to be his security chief and lead his 20-member personal protective detail. Perrotta also is the top executive at Sequoia Security Group, a Maryland-based security firm.
Perrotta received clearance in March 2013 for limited nongovernment consulting work but was required to get updated approval if his job duties changed. Perrotta received a significant promotion and pay raise last year.
The 2013 approval, which was in effect for a five-year period that expired last month, also barred Perrotta from using his government position to advance his personal interests.
The Associated Press reported in December that EPA paid $3,000 to contractor Edwin Steinmetz Associates last year to search Pruitt's office for secret listening devices. Steinmetz is also listed as a vice president at Perrotta's security firm.
Emails obtained by congressional Democrats showed that Perrotta played a role in the decision to conduct the bug sweep, the contract for which the lawmakers allege he improperly steered to Steinmetz.
Tuesday's letter was signed by Democratic Sens. Tom Carper of Delaware and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, who serve on a committee with oversight of EPA. They ask an agency ethics official to re-examine whether Perrotta's outside employment violates agency rules.
Steinmetz found no listening devices. EPA's Office of Homeland Security later determined the sweep was "very basic and cursory" and "did not employ the equipment, proper certification, or necessary processes" to be approved by the U.S. government for sensitive facilities, according to internal EPA documents.
EPA's press office did not respond to messages seeking comment about the bug sweep or Perrotta's side business.
In an interview with the AP on Monday, Steinmetz defended the quality of his work.
The bug sweep was part of a larger push by Pruitt to enhance his personal security that included spending on first-class airfare he claims was justified after unpleasant interactions with other travelers. The Government Accountability Office found earlier this month that a $43,000 privacy booth bought for Pruitt to make private phone calls violated federal purchasing laws.
___
Follow Associated Press environmental reporter Michael Biesecker at http://twitter.com/mbieseck
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Here are the National Finals Rodeo fourth performance results from Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017.
Bareback riding: 1. Ty Breuer, 90.5 points on Brookman Rodeo's Risky Business, $26,231; 2. Wyatt Denny, 87, $20,731; 3. Orin Larsen, 86, $15,654; 4. Bill Tutor, 85, $11,000; 5. Tim O'Connell, 84.5, $6,769; 6. (tie) Caleb Bennett and Richmond Champion, 84, $2,115 each; 8. (tie) Jake Vold, Steven Dent and Mason Clements, 83.5 each; 11. (tie) J.R. Vezain and Jake Brown, 81.5 each; 13. (tie) Clayton Biglow and R.C. Landingham, 80 each; 15. Tanner Aus, 77. Average standings: 1. Tim O'Connell, 348 points on four head; 2. Jake Vold, 345; 3. Richmond Champion, 342; 4. Caleb Bennett, 338; 5. Ty Breuer, 332.5; 6. R.C. Landingham, 331. World standings: 1. Tim O'Connell; $271,570; 2. Tanner Aus, $170,138; 3. Jake Vold, $167,372; 4. Richmond Champion, $157,524; 5. Orin Larsen, $149,855; 6. Wyatt Denny, $140,084; 7. Clayton Biglow, $138,153; 8. Caleb Bennett, $131,908; 9. J.R. Vezain, $130,081; 10. Ty Breuer, $125,337; 11. Jake Brown, $119,982; 12. Bill Tutor, $117,039; 13. Steven Dent, $109,998; 14. Mason Clements, $109,441; 15. R.C. Landingham, $106,031.
Steer wrestling: 1. J.D. Struxness, 3.6 seconds, $26,231; 2. Chason Floyd, 3.8, $20,731; 3. Dakota Eldridge, 3.9, $15,654; 4. (tie) Ty Erickson and Jon Ragatz, 4.1, $8,885 each; 6. Rowdy Parrott, 4.2, $4,231; 7. (tie) Tanner Milan, Nick Guy and Kyle Irwin, 4.4 each; 10. Tyler Pearson, 4.9; 11. Ryle Smith, 5.6; 12. Olin Hannum, 7.1; 13. Scott Guenthner, 7.3; 14. Baylor Roche, 15.8; 15. Tyler Waguespack, NT. Average standings: 1. Kyle Irwin, 16.7 seconds on four head; 2. Tyler Pearson, 16.8; 3. Jon Ragatz, 17.1; 4. Ty Erickson, 17.8; 5. Rowdy Parrott, 19.2; 6. Tanner Milan, 19.4. World standings: 1. Ty Erickson, $202,767; 2. Tyler Pearson, $177,034; 3. Tyler Waguespack, $153,290; 4. Kyle Irwin, $129,242; 5. Olin Hannum, $120,951; 6. Tanner Milan, $120,304; 7. J.D. Struxness, $120,203; 8. Baylor Roche, $118,224; 9. Jon Ragatz, $117,082; 10. Scott Guenthner, $117,032; 11. Chason Floyd, $109,453; 12. Dakota Eldridge, $106,634; 13. Ryle Smith, $103,463; 14. Nick Guy, $99,737; 15. Rowdy Parrott, $99,550.
Team roping: 1. (tie) Luke Brown/Jake Long, Dustin Egusquiza/Kory Koontz, 4.1 seconds, $23,481 each; 3. Clay Smith/Paul Eaves, 4.3, $15,654; 4. Chad Masters/Travis Graves, 4.4, $11,000; 5. Erich Rogers/Cory Petska, 4.5, $6,769; 6. Jr. Dees/Tyler McKnight, 5.2, $4,231; 7. Coleman Proctor/Billie Jack Saebens, 5.3; 8. Riley Minor/Brady Minor,7.2; 9. Clay Tryan/Jade Corkill, 8.8; 10. Kaleb Driggers/Junior Nogueira, Cody Snow/Wesley Thorp, Dustin Bird/Russell Cardoza, Tom Richards/Jeremy Buhler, Garrett Rogers/Jake Minor, Charly Crawford/Joseph Harrison, NT. Average standings: 1. Clay Smith/Paul Eaves, 18.4 seconds on four head; 2. Jr. Dees/Tyler McKnight, 22.9; 3. Erich Rogers/Cory Petska, 23.7; 4. Chad Masters/Travis Graves, 25.5; 5. Riley Minor/Brady Minor, 31.0; 6. Luke Brown/Jake Long, 12.8 on three. World standings: (headers) 1. Kaleb Driggers, $183,535; 2. Luke Brown, $178,092; 3. Clay Smith, $176,825; 4. Erich Rogers, $163,596; 5. Jr. Dees, $134,656; 6. Dustin Egusquiza, $121,918; 7. Dustin Bird, $114,519; 8. Charly Crawford, $113,821; 9. Riley Minor, $110,818; 10. Chad Masters, $110,739; 11. Coleman Proctor, $108,033; 12. Garrett Rogers, $98,940; 13. Tom Richards, $91,415; 14. Clay Tryan, $91,383; 15. Cody Snow, $89,236. (heelers) 1. Junior Nogueira, $184,265; 2. Paul Eaves, $180,942; 3. Jake Long, $169,563; 4. Cory Petska, $163,596; 5. Russell Cardoza, $136,004; 6. Tyler McKnight, $135,066; 7. Billie Jack Saebens, $120,930; 8. Kory Koontz, $119,133; 9. Joseph Harrison, $118,063; 10. Travis Graves, $117,649; 11. Brady Minor, $110,818; 12. Jake Minor, $98,940; 13. Jade Corkill, $91,383; 14. Wesley Thorp, $90,836; 15. Jeremy Buhler, $78,006.
Saddle bronc riding: 1. Ryder Wright, 89 points on Stace Smith Pro Rodeos' Pony Man, $26,231; 2. Brody Cress, 86, $20,731; 3. (tie) Hardy Braden and Heith DeMoss, 85.5, $13,327 each; 5. Audy Reed, 85, $6,769; 6. Sterling Crawley, 81.5, $4,231; 7. Jake Wright, 80.5; 8. Layton Green, 80; 9. CoBurn Bradshaw, 77; 10. Jacobs Crawley, 75.5; 11. Zeke Thurston, 72.5; 12. Taos Muncy, 62.5; 13. Cody DeMoss, Clay Elliott and Jesse Wright, NS.Average standings: 1. CoBurn Bradshaw, 337.5 points on four head; 2. Brody Cress, 330.5; 3. Sterling Crawley, 327.5; 4. Audy Reed, 325; 5. Jake Wright, 321.5; 6. Taos Muncy, 295.5. World standings: 1. Jacobs Crawley, $220,158; 2. CoBurn Bradshaw, $186,577; 3. Zeke Thurston, $184,122; 4. Ryder Wright, $171,977; 5. Hardy Braden, $157,831; 6. Brody Cress, $152,049; 7. Cody DeMoss, $151,657; 8. Sterling Crawley, $127,953; 9. Heith DeMoss, $121,107; 10. Layton Green, $120,613; 11. Taos Muncy, $116,171; 12. Jake Wright, $107,527; 13. Audy Reed, $104,687; 14. Clay Elliott, $99,332; 15. Jesse Wright, $86,630.
Tie-down roping: 1. Cooper Martin, 7.6 seconds, $26,231; 2. Marty Yates, 7.7 seconds, $20,731; 3. Shane Hanchey, 7.8, $15,654; 4. (tie) Randall Carlisle and Timber Moore, 8.2, $8,885 each; 6. J.C. Malone, 8.9, $4,231; 7. Cory Solomon, 9.0; 8. (tie) Trevor Brazile and Marcos Costa, 9.4 each; 10. Tuf Cooper, 9.5; 11. Tyson Durfey, 12.5; 12. Cade Swor, 20.3; 13. Matt Shiozawa, 25.2; 14. Caleb Smidt and Ryan Jarrett, NT. Average standings: 1. Trevor Brazile, 32.0 seconds on four head; 2. Marcos Costa, 33.4; 3. Cooper Martin, 33.9; 4. Tuf Cooper, 35.8; 5. Timber Moore, 36.0; 6. Shane Hanchey, 36.9. World standings: 1. Tuf Cooper, $205,945; 2. Trevor Brazile, $171,510; 3. Marcos Costa, $165,748; 4. Caleb Smidt, $156,425; 5. Shane Hanchey, $154,383; 6. Cooper Martin, $142,400; 7. Cade Swor, $132,691; 8. Ryan Jarrett, $132,286; 9. Timber Moore, $131,077; 10. Marty Yates, $127,904; 11. Tyson Durfey, $124,192; 12. Matt Shiozawa, $114,363; 13. J.C. Malone, $107,299; 14. Cory Solomon, $106,210; 15. Randall Carlisle, $104,451.
Barrel racing: 1. Amberleigh Moore, 13.56 seconds, $26,231; 2. Ivy Conrado, 13.58, $20,731; 3. Taci Bettis, 13.59, $15,654; 4. Hailey Kinsel, 13.63, $11,000; 5. Kathy Grimes, 13.73, $6,769; 6. Lisa Lockhart, 13.76, $4,231; 7. Nellie Miller, 13.84; 8. Tillar Murray, 13.85; 9. Brittany Pozzi Tonozzi, 13.87; 10. Tiany Schuster, 14.34; 11. Kassie Mowry, 15.41; 12. Kellie Collier, 16.12; 13. Kimmie Wall, 18.69; 14. Stevi Hillman, 24.59; 15. Sydni Blanchard, 25.40. Average standings: 1. Hailey Kinsel, 54.08 seconds on four runs; 2. Nellie Miller, 54.88; 3. Ivy Conrado, 54.96; 4. Kathy Grimes, 55.18; 5. Lisa Lockhart, 55.37; 6. Tiany Schuster, 56.71. World standings: 1. Tiany Schuster, $260,378; 2. Amberleigh Moore, $198,922; 3. Stevi Hillman, $195,952; 4. Nellie Miller, $184,537; 5. Hailey Kinsel, $177,245; 6. Kassie Mowry, $166,624; 7. Kathy Grimes, $139,555; 8. Ivy Conrado, $124,142; 9. Brittany Pozzi Tonozzi, $123,660; 10. Taci Bettis, $122,677; 11. Lisa Lockhart, $114,916; 12. Sydni Blanchard, $108,131; 13. Tillar Murray, $102,789; 14. Kellie Collier, $97,569; 15. Kimmie Wall, $86,294.
Bull riding: 1. Trey Benton III, 87.5 points on Andrews Rodeo's Mo Money, $33,564; 2. Joe Frost, 83, $28,064; 3. Ty Wallace, 80.5, $22,987; 4. Sage Kimzey, Garrett Smith, Tim Bingham, Cole Melancon, Jordan Spears, Dustin Bowen, Jordan Hansen, Roscoe Jarboe, Trevor Reiste, Guthrie Murray, Brennon Eldred and Boudreaux Campbell, NS. Average standings: 1. Trey Benton III, 350 points on four head; 2. Sage Kimzey, 257 on three; 3. Joe Frost, 253.5; 4. Garrett Smith, 172.5 on two; 5. Cole Melancon, 170; 6. Ty Wallace, 167. World standings: 1. Sage Kimzey, $291,576; 2. Garrett Smith, $253,797; 3. Trey Benton III, $209,670; 4. Ty Wallace, $203,814; 5. Joe Frost, $183,989; 6. Jordan Spears, $141,423; 7. Cole Melancon, $144,081; 8. Roscoe Jarboe, $133,586; 9. Tim Bingham, $129,515; 10. Jordan Hansen, $109,429; 11. Trevor Reiste, $107,121; 12. Dustin Bowen, $104,668; 13. Brennon Eldred, $102,991; 14. Boudreaux Campbell, $102,294; 15. Guthrie Murray, $97,288.
All-around world standings: 1. Trevor Brazile, $313,837; 2. Tuf Cooper, $245,522; 3. Junior Nogueira, $185,987; 4. Caleb Smidt, $166,221; 5. Erich Rogers, $158,649; 6. Ryle Smith, $150,876; 7. Russell Cardoza, $149,026; 8. Dakota Eldridge, $129,854; 9. Marty Yates, $120,014.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
In case you haven't been watching much news lately, the U.S. is currently in the midst of a pretty tense nuclear standoff with North Korea, exacerbated by some heated rhetoric between each country's head of state. Into this precarious situation stepped Last Week Tonight host John Oliver, who sought to cool tensions the only way he knew how: accordion-based diplomacy.
Unfortunately, Oliver himself does not know how to play the accordion, so in his stead, he enlisted song parody master Weird Al Yankovic — “someone who plays it like a f*cking angel!” — to ask North Korea not to nuke us on his, and our, behalf. Backed by an impressive 10-piece collection of polka players, Weird Al got right down to the matter at hand asking, “Would you annihilate us if you had the chance / That's such an antisocial thing to do / You got us crapping our collective pants / I suggest you take it down a notch or two.”
Then the big ask. “Please don't nuke us North Korea / Right now we're all a little tense / Believe me, we don't hate you / Frankly, we don't think that much about you, no offense.” Midway through, he points out that nuking America would me killing Tom Hanks, and “nobody doesn't like Tom Hanks,” which is an incredibly solid point.
You can watch the hilarious show-ending segment in the video above.
Draymond heads to locker room after taking shot to groin
Draymond Green winces in pain after colliding with Danny Green. His injury is diagnosed as a "midsection contusion."
Talk has turned to transfers at Sunderland in recent days with a new manager at the helm and new owner keen to make his mark.
Two Black Cats' midfielders have been linked with a move away today and Stewart Donald has been discussing running costs and finance at SoL, as he looks to significantly reduce costs. Click refresh and scroll down for the latest news.
Turkish police have arrested eight people in connection with a Saturday-night shooting that took the lives of an Israel and 38 others. Another Israeli was among 69 wounded.
The shooter is still at large. The Islamic State terror movement says it was behind the attack. Turkey responded with attacks against IS targets in Syria.
(AP Photo/Julie Jacobson, file). FILE--In this March 20, 2013, file photo, Culinary Union workers demonstrate along Las Vegas Boulevard outside the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino while protesting their contract negotiations with Deutsche Bank in Las Veg...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文) joined a Hello Kitty costume character on Saturday to open the Pingtung Tropic Agriculture Expo in southern Taiwan and even took a selfie with a rice farm on which an image of Hello Kitty and friends was shown through different colors of rice.
The rice farm with special images has proved popular among visitors. After collaborating with Sony Pictures to create the image of “Resident Evil” in 2017, the county government decided to work with Sanrio this year, with the hope of attracting the fans of one of the most popular fictional characters in the world. Through the picture one can see two Hello Kitty characters with five friends extending across a huge rice farm.
► 2018 Pingtung Tropic Agriculture Expo (Screen capture of President Tsai Ing-wen's Facebook page)
According to the event organizer, the image is created by different types of rice seedlings which, after being cultivated, have come up with five colors of rice leaves, including purple, white, yellow, black, and green.
The organizer said the special seedlings were provided and controlled by the Taiwan Agriculture Research Institute, and that they were for appreciation only.
During the opening remark, President Tsai recommended families take a trip to the fair, for it was combined with land art and several workshops related to farming and food-making.
The president said the expo demonstrated the county's agricultural development, such as cocoa production. Although many people in Taiwan might know little about Pingtung's cocoa and coffee beans, their high quality had been recognized in international competitions, added the president.
Apart from Hello Kitty and cocoa, there are 12 other sections where visitors can appreciate a huge garden, experience horse-riding, and buy local produce and seafood, according to the county government.
The agriculture expo will remain open until March 4 and admission is free. For more information, please visit the website.
Lincolnshire County Council has put aside more than £18.6 million to address concerns over future funding of health services in the county, despite the government's recent promise for an extra £20 billion a year by 2023 for the NHS.
Councillors on the authority's executive committee agreed on Tuesday for £18,665,000 be put into the council's volatility reserve which currently totals £32,340,000.
Council leader Martin Hill said: “We know extra money has been allocated to the NHS and there is a concern nationally that other services are wondering whether there will be limited extra money for them.
“There was some noise from defence last week, but local government is in the exact same position, so looking forward we need to be sure that we can carry on for some years to come.”
He said there would be a ‘financial risk' over the next few years, but explained local authorities were hoping the government might resolve the problem either by changing the way adult care is funded, or by continuing to respond positively to the ‘fairer funding' campaign through which the county hopes to get a fair slice of the funding cake.
He added: “Nothing is safe until it's in the bag. There are two areas where there is hope, but with all this money going to the NHS, which we all recognise, it does mean there is a concern from the rest of the public services about where their own funding is going to come from, and extra funding is going to come from.”
The council hopes to get an extra £160 million a year if its ‘fairer funding' campaign is successful.
However, it faces continued cuts in central government funding, with the £210 million grant it received in 2010 decreasing to just £20 million by 2020.
Councillors also agreed to allow departments which underspent in the last financial year to keep 1% of that money.
This created new reserves for highways, employee leave and schools capital projects totalling £1,188,000 and will carry forward £3,880,000 for bids including meeting insurance liabilities, supporting the council's heritage services and work on its corporate support contract, and to address the adverse weather overspend from the harsh conditions in the past year.
Daniel Jaines , Local Democracy Reporting Service
Newspaper publisher Tronc has named CEO Justin Dearborn as its chairman of the board, replacing Michael Ferro, who is retiring.
The change announced Monday shortly before Fortune magazine published a story about two women who allege that Ferro made unwanted sexual advances during 2013 and 2016 before he become Tronc's chairman.
“Michael Ferro has had no claims filed against him while leading Tronc as chairman,” Tronc said in a statement. “Further, we are aware of no claims filed against Mr. Ferro throughout his career. As Mr. Ferro has retired after leading a financial turnaround of Tronc, we wish him well in his private life and will have no further comment.”
Ferro struck it rich as an entrepreneur involved in two startups that were sold for more than $1 billion. In 2016, he bought a stake in the Tribune Co, which was subsequently renamed as Tronc.
Chicago-based Tronc Inc., which operates newspapers including the Chicago Tribune, New York Daily News and The Baltimore Sun, announced last month it had sold the Los Angeles Times and other papers for $500 million and an additional $90 million in pension benefits.
“Michael retires having created considerable shareholder value for the company in just two years as chairman of the board,” Dearborn said, adding that the company had tripled its market capitalization, quadrupled its cash holdings and reduced its debt under Ferro's leadership.
Dearborn was appointed CEO of Tronc in February 2016. He previously led Merge Healthcare until its acquisition by IBM for $1 billion in October 2015.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The government has told Taiwan Power Corporation to complete the removal of 100,000 barrels of nuclear waste from Orchid Island within the next nine years, reports said Wednesday.
The small island off the coast of Taitung County in the southeast is populated mostly by indigenous people, while the country's environmental movement has for years demanded a solution from the government and from Taipower.
The Cabinet-level Atomic Energy Council (AEC) reportedly agreed to separate the issues of the removal from Orchid Island and the search for a new location.
The barrels from the island will first be transported either to the Third Nuclear Plant in Pingtung County or to the Longtan Institute of Nuclear Energy Research in Taoyuan City, reports said.
The preparations for the move by sea would take five years, the move itself four years, according to the timetable designed by Taipower.
As to the eventual end destination for nuclear waste from Taiwan's three operating nuclear plants, the AEC reportedly told Taipower not to limit the possibilities to remote uninhabited islands or isolated areas, but to take all of Taiwan into consideration. The utility should change the past practice of only looking at relatively socially vulnerable areas, the AEC reportedly said.
The selection process needed to include close cooperation and consultation with the local authorities and population, the Cabinet body said.
Following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami which caused the Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan, Taiwan's own environmentalist movement gained force, leading to the government shelving plans to build a fourth nuclear plant. The new government of President Tsai Ing-wen, which came to power last May, has promised to turn Taiwan into a nuclear-free country by 2025.
ALBUQUERQUE, NM (CNN) – A New Mexico woman has been taken to a mental hospital after a shocking find at her home. Authorities found her husband's mummified body inside a bedroom closet.
There's now a sign on the garage of the Foothills home warning trespassers to keep out as the house is in foreclosure.
When deputies showed up to evict the owners last month they were shocked at what they found
“I never would have imagined that he would be laying in the closet into a mummified state,” said Thomas Huerta, the dead man's son.
Police found the body of Huerta's father on a mattress in the closet, with a pillow propped under his head, and he was tucked in under blankets.
The man's wife told police he died in April of 2015, more than two years earlier.
“I try not to think about it. It is very difficult,” said Huerta.
Huerta says he is still trying to let the news sink in.
He lives in California now, but visited Albuquerque last October to introduce his father to his pregnant girlfriend.
“Not only she was in there, but so was his mummified corpse,” said Huerta.
According to a report, neighbors noticed the man hadn't been around, but when they asked his wife, she only told them he was preparing for the ministry.
The woman told police her husband suffered from chronic back pain so he often slept in that closet.
He had been coughing up bile, but refused to go the hospital.
Tom tells me he never imagined his father's life would end like this.
“It is horrible to think that that was his destiny,” said Huerta.
Authorities are now trying to determine how the man died. It's unclear if the woman will face criminal charges.
Resident of Guam attended a "People for Peace" rally in Hagatna today. Tensions have soared in the past week as Trump warned North Korea it would face 'fire and fury' if it attacked the US.
An ugly turn of events took place in an Indian marriage when the bride slapped a relative who picked her up during the varmala ceremony. The ceremony is one of the most awaited moments in a Hindu marriage when both the bride and groom put garlands in each other's neck, which officially makes them husband and wife.
In a shocking video, the atmosphere in an Indian marriage turned ugly after the bride slapped a relative who picked her up during the varmala ceremony. In the video, which has not gone viral on social media, the bride can be clearly seen slapping the man in front of all the relatives after the varmala proceedings. The varmala ceremony is one of the key ceremony in a Hindu marriage where both the groom and bride put garlands in each other's neck turn by turn. The varmala ceremony is performed to tie the knot and it officially declares that the couple is now married. The ceremony is also one of the most important moments of a Hindu marriage which often displayed on live screens put out in marriage functions.
However, in this particular varmala ceremony, events took an ugly turn when the bride slapped a relative for lifting her up so that she could put the garland onto groom's neck. The video shows both bride and groom are picked by two relatives, first the groom is picked to a certain hight, a few seconds later when the bride is not able to put the garland, another relative comes and picks up the bride. However, when the man puts bride down, she puts the garland in groom's neck, turns around and gives a tight slap to the relative. She slapped the relative in full public view, following which everyone gets stunned and shocked. The bride alleged that the relative touched her inappropriately.
Also Read: Watch: Angry mom catches teen girls twerking on cam, goes nuts
The man (relative) who was slapped by the bride in front of other family members, relatives, feel embarrassed and shocked. Another woman who was present at the stage when this incident happened, asks something to the man who got slapped by the bride and she herself is slapped by the same man, who after doing scene leaves from the place.
Also Read: Thailand cave rescue: Junior football team remains trapped, rescuers unsure of how to free the boys
For all the latest Offbeat News, download NewsX App
Read More
CHICAGO (AP) — The U.S. women's soccer team will host South Korea in a pair of exhibitions in October.
The teams will play Oct. 19 in New Orleans and meet three days later in Cary, North Carolina, the U.S. Soccer Federation said Monday.
The U.S. previously announced friendlies against New Zealand on Sept. 15 at Commerce City, Colorado, and Sept. 19 at Cincinnati. There also are home-and-home exhibitions against Canada, on Nov. 9 at Vancouver, British Columbia, and Nov. 12 at a U.S. site not yet announced.
Getty Image
The Boston Celtics pushed the Cavaliers to seven games in the 2018 Eastern Conference Finals, but couldn't find enough offense to get past LeBron James this year.
The good news on that front is that they have a pair of All-Stars coming back next season that missed the playoffs due to injury. Kyrie Irving missed the end of the regular season and entire postseason after needing surgery to clear up an infection from a previous knee surgery years ago. Gordon Hayward missed all but five minutes of the season after suffering a nasty ankle injury in the season opener in Cleveland.
Irving's expected timetable put him back with the Celtics right around training camp, but to this point the Celtics have not offered any official timetable for Hayward. On Wednesday night, however, the team announced forward had successful surgery to remove the plate and screws from his ankle and that Boston was expecting him to resume basketball activities in 6-8 weeks and for him to be healthy by training camp.
Celtics forward Gordon Hayward today underwent successful surgery to remove the plate and screws that were implanted following the broken fibula he suffered on October 17. Hayward's ankle and fibula are both structurally sound, and the removal of the plate and screws was necessary as they were causing irritation to his peroneal tendons. He is scheduled to return to basketball activities in six to eight weeks, and is expected to be at full strength for the start of training camp.
That's good news for Hayward and the Celtics, who, while impressed by the play of Jaylen Brown and Jayson Tatum, could clearly use some added offensive pop from the wing and a veteran presence. The Celtics' youth movement this season will likely pay dividends in the future as they now know they have incredible depth in the backcourt and on the wing, although it will make Brad Stevens' job of keeping everyone happy with regards to minutes a bit trickier.
With Irving and Hayward expected back at training camp, Boston will likely be the favorites in the Eastern Conference next season, pending LeBron James' decision this summer.
NEW YORK (AP) — Last season, “Billions” performed a delicate balancing act. Chuck Rhoades, the powerful and perverse U.S. Attorney (played by Paul Giamatti), was locked in a legal cage match with hedge-fund titan Bobby “Axe” Axelrod (Damian Lewis). But through it all, Wendy Rhoades kept a foot planted in both worlds: as the wife of Chuck and top aide to Axe. Now, in this Showtime drama's sophomore season, the equilibrium is shattered. Wendy has separated from her husband and bolted from Axe's firm, leaving those combatants to clash even more ferociously. The only sure thing about the narrative shakeup: Wendy Rhoades can take care of herself, and, when necessary, cut Chuck and Axe down to size. On a show that pits two Alpha Males against each other, Wendy stands tall as a reigning Alpha Woman. “This season you see her trying to walk a line with each of them while she maintains her dignity and distance,” says Maggie Siff, who brings Wendy vibrantly to life. “To find her own moral center, she had to shed the two of them.” On the premiere (Sunday at 10 p.m. EST), you'll see Wendy spurn Bobby Axelrod's overtures to return as the in-house psychotherapist and performance coach. “There's this thing that happens when we're in a room together,” she says sharply as he works his charm. “But I'm shutting it off. I HAVE shut it off.” And you'll see her stand up to Chuck when he rages, “I always knew I'd end up smeared by Axelrod's poison,” for which he blames his wife as having served as the carrier: “Proximity is enough.” “I no longer have proximity to it,” she sneers, “and YOU no longer have proximity to ME.” Wendy is an unusual character for series TV, and a distinctly different character than Siff has played in the past. And yet all her women share a common bond: They're strong, smart and commanding even in a crowd dominated by men. For six seasons on FX's hit drama “Sons of Anarchy,” Siff played Tara Knowles, the physician wife of a motorcycle-gang leader who could hold her own, and then some, in that wild-and-woolly world. (At least, until she was stabbed to death in her kitchen with a barbecue fork by, ironically, another woman: her mother-in-law and the club's grande dame.) “When we first started that series (in 2008) I didn't expect it would become the sensation it did,” says Siff in her quiet, thoughtful way, “but it tapped into something tribal in the audience's psyche. It was so pulpy in its violence, yet also had this operatic family drama at its center even when the violence crossed the line – MY line, at least. There were scenes I couldn't watch!” Siff came to “Sons” from her brief but emblematic stint early in “Mad Men,” where she played Rachel Menken, the bold heiress and boss of a New York department store who became romantically involved with ad man Don Draper. Unlike so many of his conquests, Rachel soon recognized that their relationship was not one for the ages. She cut her ties with Don, this caddish married man and dad, when he proposed they leave it all behind and run away together. Years later, Don (and the audience) would learn that Rachel had died of leukemia – but not before she made a brief comeback. Siff was pleased to shoot this fleeting encore for the series' final season. “I always wanted Rachel to circle back through that world,” she says. But the one-minute scene she was asked to play (the only portion of the script she was privy to) made no sense to her, especially after series star Jon Hamm tipped her off that her character was dead. “I said to (series creator) Matt (Weiner), ‘What's going on?' He said, ‘It's a dream. Just do a dream!'” She did, with a chinchilla coat obscuring tell-tale evidence that she was pregnant with Lucy, now 2, by her husband, design consultant Paul Ratliff. “I had no idea how the scene lived inside the episode until I saw it on TV along with everybody else,” she says. A woman who began her career in experimental theater in Philadelphia and then off-Broadway, the Bronx, New York native, now 42, admits to surprise at her repeated success in TV drama. But surprise has been a driving force in her career, she explains: “You have to surrender yourself to what finds you in this life.” Despite no sign of surrendering, she finds herself now in an acclaimed drama alongside two leading men she calls “phenomenal actors and phenomenal human beings. “Damian is so subtle but so precise as an actor,” she says, “while Paul charges out of the gate with so much life. Their energies are very different. It's fun to float between them as scene partners.” And for “Billions” viewers, there's more fun ahead watching Siff power between them as the forceful link in this tangled tale. —– EDITOR'S NOTE – Frazier Moore is a national television columnist for The Associated Press. He can be reached at fmoore@ap.org and at http://www.twitter.com/tvfrazier. Past stories are available at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/frazier-moore —– Online: http://www.sho.com
Comments
comments
Everyone who grew up driving drum brake-equipped cars understands the enormous braking advantage of four-wheel disc brakes over four-wheel drums, or even front disc/rear drums. Average everyday newer cars are safer (no fade, lock-up, or pulling) and stop shorter from high speeds because of their four-wheel anti-lock discs. That's why disc brake conversion kits for older drum brake-equipped cars are so popular.
By adding to your ride's power output to enhance its acceleration—like our 1965 Coronet that'll be receiving an 825hp Street Hemi—it makes a serious brake upgrade that much more critical. When moving up to big disc brakes, it usually means bigger, more expensive wheels to clear the calipers, but recently Wilwood redesigned its DynaLite caliper package to fit inside most 15-inch wheels. These big 12.19-inch binders are just what many enthusiasts want to keep that stock or period-correct appearance. Now you can have big disc brake performance without being stuck using 11-inchers to run 15-inch wheels!
Don't expect four-wheel drum brakes to safely slow you down in an emergency braking situation when surrounded in traffic at high speed by today's cars. In the 21st century, the latest run-of-the-mill vehicle has brakes that'll stop from 60 mph in 130 feet—and sometimes much less. In past testing of four-wheel, 10-inch drum brakes using a B-Body, back-to-back 60 to 0 mph deceleration showed us 200, 250, and often over 300 feet by the third attempt due to drum brake fade. By equipping our Coronet with Wilwood's 12.19-inch disc brakes at all four wheels, we will have fade-free, new-car style stopping power in our classic B-Body.
Prior to this, we replaced the front 10-inch drums with Wilwood Dynalite 12.19-inch discs and upgraded to Wilwood's new four-wheel disc brake master cylinder with brake lines from Inline Tube. Those steps would be recommended precursors to the rear brake conversion here. This time, the 1968 B-body Dana 60 we just refurbished will be retrofitted with identical Wilwood Dynalite four-piston calipers and 12.19-inch rotors for a well-matched system. We want to brake that will be compatible in today's texting SUV soccer-mom world. Think of this: how many times have stupid drivers pulled out, stopped, or changed lanes in front of you for no apparent reason? That's a good enough reason to equip your classic A- , B- , C-, or E-body with a modern disc brake system.
We're building Project Cool Blue to be a stealthy, stock looking Coronet. We went with a Street Hemi rather than a period-correct cross-ram Race Hemi to hide the 825 hp elephant under the stock flat hood. We must note, in recent years we built and drove a project car using the Wilwood 11-inch four-wheel disc brake system. It provided us fade-free panic stops on the highway, and on the drag strip from 130 mph. These new 12.19-inch Wilwood stoppers will be that much safer. Priced at under $1,000 with the optional drilled, slotted, E-coated rotors, it's quite a bargain when compared to other similarly equipped 11-inch kits that don't provide the stopping power of the larger 12.19-inch rotors. The Dynalite parking brake-equipped kit we chose for our street car starts at $726.64, while the Dynalite Pro Series kit without parking brake starts at only $643.97. With either 12.19-inch kit you can have big-brake stopping power and fitment with most 15-inch wheels.
Be sure to check Wilwood's on-line wheel clearance diagram for wheel fitment. So far the only 15-inch wheels we know of that do not fit are the factory Rallye wheels (which were cursed from the factory with center sections from 14-inch wheels). The popular cop-car wheels and most aftermarket wheels will fit. We're still undecided on steelies or a classic five-spoke aluminum wheel. Also, please thoroughly read the Wilwood assembly instructions before attempting to install. That means the whole thing! We've seen friends have a hard time with the installation because they didn't read the first four pages of important information listed before the assembly instructions that begin on page 5. Also, please follow our helpful tips we added to help make your installation a breeze.
Read More About Project 1965 Coronet!
Prepping The Chassis For Big-Block/Hemi Power
B-Body Front Suspension Rehab
Installing Wilwood 12.19 DynaLite Front Brakes
Upgrading To Wilwood's 4-Wheel Disc Master Cylinder
Mopars Need Extra Help With Heat–Here's How To Fix It
Steer Without Fear! How To Upgrade Your Mopar Steering Box
Dyno Testing The 825hp Street Hemi
Install a Stealth In-Tank 1000-HP Fuel System:
Refurbishing a 1968 B-body Dana 60
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A study says the nation's largest public utility has given large businesses breaks on electric rates over six years while residential customers' rates increased.
The Synapse Energy Economics Inc. study says the Tennessee Valley Authority's industrial and direct-serve customers have received almost a 20 percent rate cut from 2011 to 2016, while residential customer rates increased 5 percent.
The report released this week says if the increases were applied equally, residential customers would've saved $1.4 billion.
Southern Alliance for Clean Energy Executive Director Stephen Smith said that's a complete distortion of TVA's mission.
Utility spokesman Scott Brooks said TVA also has an economic development mission. He said large manufacturing and commercial customers have used a 2015 change incentivizing off-peak power usage.
Brooks said TVA's residential rates are lower than 70 percent of competitors.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Laeticia Brouwer was the third person killed by a shark off Western Australia in the past 12 months (AFP Photo/PETER PARKS)
A 17-year-old girl has died after being mauled by a shark in full view of her parents on Australia's southwest coast, authorities said Tuesday.
Laeticia Brouwer was on holiday and went surfing with her father near Wylie Bay late Monday afternoon, police said.
The girl had lost a leg and was bleeding heavily when she was pulled from the water and rushed to hospital in the Western Australian town of Esperance.
Her mother and two younger sisters witnessed the attack from the beach and alerted emergency services.
"Father and daughter were surfing out where the waves were breaking and that's where the attack occurred," Acting Senior Sergeant Ben Jeffes told reporters.
"The father obviously tried everything he could to save his daughter.
"He's brought her to shore and then the family have contacted emergency services."
The West Australian newspaper said he "heard her scream before she was pulled underwater by the shark.
"When she resurfaced, her father paddled over and dragged her to the shore with the help of another teenager."
"Condolences to the family and friends of the victim involved in today's tragedy," Esperance police tweeted. "Devastating circumstances".
Family spokesman Steve Evans read a statement saying "the ocean was her and her family's passion.
"Surfing was something that she treasured doing with her dad and her sisters. We can take some comfort that Laeticia died doing something that she loved."
Local authorities closed Wylie Bay beach until further notice and people were urged to stay out of the water.
The fisheries department was patrolling the area Tuesday and spokesman Russell Adams said a great white was likely responsible for the attack.
"Since 2000 all fatal attacks in WA (Western Australia) have been caused by great whites, so you could assume safely it was a great white but we can't say for sure," he told reporters.
A man lost his left arm and right hand when two great whites attacked him at Wylie Bay in October 2014.
Brouwer was the third person killed by a shark off Western Australia in the past 12 months.
A 29-year-old man died in June following an attack at Falcon Beach, near Mandurah, and the same month a great white killed a 60-year-old woman near the state capital Perth.
Experts say shark attacks are increasing as water sports become more popular and bait fish move closer to shore.
08:47 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Highway 35 reopened at Revacha Junction Highway 35 has reopened at Revacha Junction. It was blocked due to an accident involving a bus and a transport vehicle in which nine people were lightly injured. ► ◄ Last Briefs
LONDON (AP) — Prince Charles says it is a "great joy" to be a grandfather once again, issuing a statement to express his pleasure with the arrival of a boy to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
The 8-pound, 7-ounce (3.8 kilogram) boy was born Monday morning. The new prince is fifth in line to the throne and is a younger brother to 4-year-old Prince George and Princess Charlotte, who turns 3 next week.
Charles said in a statement Tuesday that "it is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them."
The birth is being marked by bell ringing at Westminster Abbey and a gun salute in London's Hyde Park.
The 12 boys and their soccer coach who remain trapped inside a partly flooded cave in northern Thailand appeared healthy and upbeat in new video released Wednesday morning.The footage, taken by the Royal Thai Navy on Tuesday and posted to Facebook , shows the boys and their coach wrapped in foil blankets and sitting clustered together in the dark cave, alongside divers and medics who have been looking after the group since locating them. A flashlight illuminates the boys' thin but smiling faces as they take turns talking on camera, each introducing themselves, saying they're in good health and showing signs of gratitude.Meanwhile, rescuers are frantically trying to come up with a plan to extract the boys from the depths of the cave as safely, and quickly, as possible.The teammates, between the ages of 11 and 16, hiked into Tham Luang Nang Non, Thailand's longest cave, with their 25-year-old soccer coach after practice on June 23. It's believed that the coach often brought his team to the popular tourist site in mountainous Chiang Rai province for fun excursions.But as the group ventured deeper into the complex, the sky opened up and it began to rain, flooding the cave and cutting off their exit route. The group forged ahead before finding a raised, dry chamber where they were stranded in total darkness.Thai officials launched a massive search and rescue operation involving more than 1,000 people, including specialists drafted in from various nations such as Australia, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. The search and rescue teams tried anything they could to locate the boys and their coach -- deploying ultrasonic sensors into the cave, drilling through the rock and dropping survival packages down holes they found above ground in hopes the shafts connect to the cave network below.After more than a week, two British cave divers found all 13 alive in an area of the cave that's about half a mile underground and more than a mile from the main entrance. But the trek there was treacherous and took about six hours on Monday.The divers, John Volanthen and Richard Stanton, had to navigate through a labyrinth of caverns and tunnels, both dry and flooded, with some barely wide enough for their diving equipment."They are cave divers with experience of diving in very flooded caves all over the world and some rescue operations as well," Bill Whitehouse, the vice chairman of the British Cave Rescue Council, told ABC News of Volanthen and Stanton. "They had skills to go in through the flooded passages and lay a guideline for others to follow and clear obstructions to allow people to get through. So, they were the pathfinders."Volanthen and Stanton, who are members of the British Cave Council, described to colleagues the challenging hazards within the cave, including poor visibility, powerful currents in the floodwaters, extremely narrow passageways and one flooded area they said was about 5,000 feet long, half of which had no airspace to emerge if something when awry underwater."It's not like open water diving where you can just surface if something goes wrong," Whitehouse said. "If you have gone 200 meters down a flooded cave passing, if anything wrong you have to come out that 200 meters before you can put your head up above water."While they were in relatively good shape, some of the boys complained of being weak from stress and lack of food while others suffered from minor injuries, such as scrapes and cuts. They have received high-protein drinks and medical assessments by the group of seven Royal Thai Navy members, a medical doctor and nurse who are staying with them."All 13 people are well," Royal Thai Navy commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew told reporters Tuesday. "We have given the boys food, starting with easily digested and high-powered food with enough minerals."Thai officials are also working to run a fiber optic phone line into the cave so the boys can speak with their families waiting anxiously outside.It's unclear exactly how and when rescuers will extract the group, and Thai officials have cautioned that it could take "weeks or months."Crews have been scouring the region's rugged jungle-covered terrain in hopes of finding a safer way to enter the cave complex underground. They've also attempted to pump water from the flooded areas of the cave, but persistent downpours have hampered their efforts as Thailand enters its rainy season.Thai officials said the boys have been wearing diving masks and practicing breathing, in case heavy rains forecast for this weekend force the group to swim and dive out the same way rescuers entered."We need to be careful not to rush; as long as they are safe and strong, then they are in good hands," Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan Ocha told reporters Tuesday. "We can now reach and communicate with them so they are in our sights."
Despite missing talisman David Bolt, South Shields made impressive progress into the Top Club national competition quarter-finals, outgunning Great Aycliffe 12-4 (77-68).
Nina Riches got Shields off to a winning start in the 18-end two-bowl singles as the newly selected international reserve maintained her unbeaten run with a cracking 14-12 win over S. Young.
A second win was quickly notched as Ian McIntosh defeated Jordan Hartson 14-7 in the men's two-bowl.
The other three ties were all tight affairs.
In the mixed triples, Phil Dixon, Ann Upsall and Ian Riches held on for an 18-17 win over Matthew Gleeson, while Karen Paterson, Pam Carlin, Stewart Hubbard and Shaun McIntosh beat D. McDonald 16-14 in the mixed fours.
Shields' only loss came in the mixed pairs as Bolt's replacement, Gary Farquhar, skipped Jackie Stewart Tallack to a narrow 19-15 loss against Barry Attwood.
In the last eight, Shields will face Nottingham on April 15.
The Inter-County League resumes tomorrow, with both Houghton squads needing positive results.
Houghton Gilpin have a big ask as they take on defending champions Hartlepool.
After the comedy of errors in their last game against The Parks, the Gilpin squad will be looking to bounce back.
Houghton Kepier are even more desperate for a result, however an unbeaten Durham outfit will be a tough nut to crack. Both games start at 2pm.
Houghton Gilpin team – At Houghton: M Baker, J Biggerstaff, D Wright, B Henderson (snr); M Noble, J Scullion, R Robson, AJ Dunn; At Hartlepool: K Waterson, I Fairweather, F Fletcher, F Froud; TBC, D Armstrong, I Whorlton, J Jones
Houghton Kepier team – At Houghton: P Collins, A Wood, P Thomson (snr), S Tindale; A Grimes, C Wallace, B Walsh, TW Todd; At Durham: E Downes, G Brown, T Joicey, P Thomson (jnr); M Wright, R Thorpe, A Patterson, R Mckie
League standings, Division 1: Hartlepool played 3 pts 23½, Gateshead B 3-22, Houghton Gilpin 4-20, Duham A 2-18, Houghton Kepier 4-14½, The Parks 4-11, Darlington 3-7
Division 2: South Shields 3-26, Gt Aycliffe 3-16, Gateshead A 2-11, Dunelm 3-11, Stanley 2-8, Ferryhill 2-8, Shildon 1-0
On Wednesday, in the Seniors League, Houghton Gilpin will attempt to notch their first win of the season as they head to Ferryhill (10.30am).
The other two Houghton squads have a bye.
Houghton Gilpin team – K Waterson, MJ Walker, D Robson, R Thorpe; E Downes, A Ross, P Robinson, D Scott; R Leonard, P Noble, TBC, R Robson.
Latest standings, Area 1: Darlington 6-24½, Great Aycliffe 6-20½, Spennymoor 6-16, Shildon 4-5, Durham 6-4
Area 2: Darlington B 7-27, Hartlepool A 6-27, Ferryhill 6-17, Houghton Gilpin 6-7, South Shields 7-2
Area 3: Stanley 5-23, South Shields 6-18½, Gateshead A 6-15½, Houghton Sancroft 6-12, Parks B 5-1
Area 4: Hartlepool B 7-30, Parks A 6-17½, Durham B 4-13, Gateshead B 6-6½, Houghton Kepier 5-3
Top Ten League: Durham 4-30, Darlington 4-28, Houghton 5-18, Ferryhill 4-17, Stanley 3-7
Seniors Premier League: Stanley A 6-10, Gateshead A 6-10, Darlington B 6-8, Gateshead B 7-8, Ferryhill B 6-8, Houghtonians 7-6, Stanley B 5-4, Durham 5-4, Houghton A 5-4, Darlington A 7-4, Ferryhill A 6-0
There has been more action in the local stages of the national competitions.
In the triples, the all-Shields affair between Dave Paterson and Gary Farquhar resulted in a 23-11 Farquhar win which sets up another all-Shields affair against Stewart Hubbard in the north section semi-finals.
In the south, Hartlepool's Paul Mosley booked a semi-final tie against Redcar's Richie Hudson after beating Redcar's Paul Bostock 18-6.
The south semi-final line-up in the pairs has been confirmed after Hartlepool's Albert Ward eased to a 20-9 win at Ferryhill against Alan Hind. Ward next faces club-mate Paul Hartley.
In the fours, Hartlepool's Glenn Skipp cruised to a 25-12 win at Redcar over Paul Bostock before going down 17-10 in the south semi-final to club-mate Paul Hartley.
The area final of the mixed fours saw the Hartlepool quartet of Bev Lynch, Lauren Mosley, John Lynch and Paul Mosley book a place at the national finals by defeating South Shield's Gary Farquhar 16-14.
In the last 16, played at Loddon Vale, Mosley's rink will face Wellingborough's Paul Broderick on Friday, February 23.
The Over-60s singles north section semi-final will be an all-Gateshead battle between Ronnie Richardson and Brian Orrell.
Richardson ended the run of South Shields' Alan Lawton with a 21-18 win, while Orrell received a walkover against Shields' Ebby Dent.
There was more Gateshead success in the Over-60s pairs when Brian Poulter edged past club-mate Brian Orrell 19-17 to book a trip to Stanley in the northern semi-final.
There was extra end heartache for Houghton's David Armstrong in the Over-50s triples, going down 15-14 at home to West Denton's Peter Duffy.
In the semi-final, Duffy will head to Stanley to face Brett Arkley, who strolled to a 17-1 win over Gateshead's Brian Orrell.
In the two-bowl singles, there was double disappointment for Shields.
Neal Ridley's cracking run came to an end at West Denton, losing 21-18 to Michael Bennett, then David Bolt succumbed 21-19 to Brian Orrell at Gateshead.
Houghton's Patrick and Peter Thomson went out of the family pairs 17-6 at Durham against Carl and Mark Higgins, while South Shields' Ian and Shaun McIntosh crushed West Denton's Martin Rogan 32-5.
The two winners now go head to head in the northern semi-final.
The final stages of the Under-25 singles were held at the City of Ely club last weekend.
Sadly, West Denton bowler Aaron Robson's dream of a national title were ended with a last-16 straight sets loss to Riverain's newly capped England Under-25 player, Glenn Williams.
The eventual winner was Jamie Barker (St Neots).
The Durham County seniors kept up their hopes of retaining the Midland Senior League title with a comfortable 81-shot win over Lincolnshire at York.
The pick of the Durham rinks was Graham Peacock (Darlington), Malcolm Robinson (Durham), Brian Houghton (Stanley) and David Webb (Stanley), who romped to a 38-3 win.
The 20-2 points return leaves Durham second in the table, 20 points behind leaders Yorkshire but with a game in hand.
Durham faces another trip to York on February 15, when Nottinghamshire will provide the opposition.
South Shields are planning to run another Classic Open Pairs competition.
The two-day event will be restricted to 32 pairs, who will be guaranteed six games for an entry fee of £33.
The Coast Road Garage and Molson Coors-sponsored competition will take place on Saturday, March 3 and Sunday, March 4, with a first prize of £500.
The Shields club will also host another round of the Open Singles Circuit on April 22 and 23. Entries are now being taken, with the entry fee £17.50 and a first prize of £750.
This weekend, several local players will head to Worksop looking for ranking points and the £750 first prize as the latest Open Singles Circuit event takes place.
Durham's Gary Smith faces Jason Norris and Michael Laydon tackles Andy Clipston.
Five Shields lads are in action too. James Sneller plays Paul Oke, Josh Minto meets Lee Rowland, Josh Halcrow takes on Ashley Clipston, Paul Sainthouse is up against Pete Gilliver and David Bolt battles Andy Smith.
Gateshead's Alec Bryden plays Wendy Brown.
At the indoor World Championships, it was a successful week for Blackpool's Mark Dawes,
First, he led in for Jamie Chestney to take the pairs and then topped it off by securing the singles title for the first time.
Over the length of the tournament, Dawes was on fire and deservedly landed the top prize. In a cracking final, Dawes held off Devon's Robert Paxton 8-7, 6-7, 2-0.
A special mention must go to beaten semi-finalist Wayne Willgress (Norfolk), who was like a breath of fresh air.
This was the 20th year that the Potters resort has hosted the biggest indoor competition on the calendar.
Without doubt, the venue has become a major part of the game and, although the the stands aren't full for the early rounds, the latter stages are sell-outs.
With the game having progressed to coloured clothing, coloured bowls, a blue carpet and a sets format ideal for TV, the next step needs to be a bit of atmosphere within the arena, both in the stands and from the players on the green, to create a more attractive TV viewing experience.
Meanwhile, both the Potters resort and the BBC have agreed a new three-year deal to host and cover the event until 2021, which will extend the BBC's 39-year relationship with the sport.
The Federal Reserve has left its benchmark interest rate unchanged but signaled that it expects to resume raising rates gradually to reflect a healthy job market and economy.
At Janet Yellen's final meeting as chair Wednesday, the Fed kept its key short-term rate in a still-low range of 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent. It said in a statement that it expects inflation to finally pick up this year and to stabilize around the Fed's target level of 2 percent. In its previous statement, the Fed had predicted that inflation would remain below its target rate.
The Fed also indicated that it thinks the job market and the overall economy are continuing to improve.
"Gains in employment, household spending and business fixed investment have been solid," its statement said.
Yellen has led a cautious approach to rate increases in her four years as chair, and Jerome Powell, who will succeed her next week, has indicated he favors a similar approach.
The Fed raised its key rate three times in 2017, and most economists expect the Powell-led Fed to do so at least three additional times this year beginning in March. Powell has been a Yellen ally and among the Fed's consensus-builders in 5½ years on the central bank's board.
The unemployment rate is at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent, and the economy expanded at a solid 2.6 percent annual rate in the October-December quarter, helping lift growth for all of 2017 to a decent 2.3 percent.
Synchronized growth in major regions across the world has helped energize the U.S. economy. And the sweeping tax overhaul that Trump pushed through Congress last month is expected to further support U.S. growth.
The Fed's next scheduled policy meeting in March, when most economists foresee the next rate hike, will be the first time that Powell is scheduled to hold one of the Fed leader's quarterly news conferences.
In its statement Wednesday, the Fed said Powell would be sworn in on Monday. Last week, the Senate confirmed President Donald Trump's nomination of Powell to be Fed chairman.
Economists are roughly divided on whether they think Fed's policymakers will raise rates three times this year, as in 2017, or four times. The pivotal factor will likely be how inflation performs. For the past six years, inflation has been a no-show, running below even the Fed's target level of 2 percent.
A tight job market, with pressure building for pay increases, and potentially higher consumer and business spending resulting from the Republican tax cuts, could accelerate inflation this year. The prospect of faster inflation could, in turn, lead the Fed to step up its rate hikes.
The Fed has modestly raised its benchmark rate five times since December 2015, when it began tightening for the first time since the height of the financial crisis in 2008. When the crisis erupted, the Fed cut its rate to a record low near zero to help rescue the financial system and the economy and then held it there for seven years.
This year, the lineup of Fed regional bank presidents who vote on the central bank's rate policy — a list that rotates annually — is expected to be somewhat more "hawkish" this year. Fed hawks are those who are less likely to favor low rates to maximize employment and more likely to back rate hikes to prevent future high inflation.
Powell, a lawyer and investment manager by training, will be the first Fed leader in 30 years not to hold a Ph.D. in economics. Trump chose Powell for the post rather than offer Yellen a second term despite widespread praise for her performance as chair.
With Yellen's departure, the seven-member Fed board will have four vacancies. Marvin Goodfriend, a conservative economist, has been nominated by Trump for one of the vacant board seats. Trump has yet to make nominations for the others.
Transcript for Trump talks North Korea denuclearization, Syria troop withdrawal, Iran nuclear deal
Meetings are being set up. And I wanted to see. Of North Korea a lot of concessions have already been made we have made no concessions despite some of the media saying that I've made concessions I don't I haven't even discussed a concession. Other than the fact that meeting is a great thing. And I'm sure that. A lot of other people would have liked to have had the position we're having. I will say this would put the strongest sanctions on a country that we ever have put on any country by far it means they get rid of the nukes. Very simple they get rid of their nukes and nobody else would say. Be very easy for me to make a simple deal and claimed victory I don't wanna do that I want them to get Greta the next the end result is we'll see. May be good things will happen in May be been all wasting a lot of time. But hopefully it'll be good for everybody concerned. As far as Syria is concerned. I would love to get out I'd love to bring our. Incredible warriors back home they've done a great job we've essentially. Just absolutely obliterated crisis in Iraq. And in Syria. And we've done a big favor to neighboring countries frankly but we've also done a favor for our country. Would that being said. Emmanuel and myself have discussed. The fact that we don't want to give Iran. Open season to the Mediterranean. Especially since we really control it to a large extent we really have controlled it and we've set control on it. So we'll see what happens but we're going to be coming home. Relatively soon we finished. At least almost our work with respect to crisis in Syria nicest in Iraq. And we have done a job that nobody has been able to do. But what that being said I do wanna come home but I wanna come home also. With. Having accomplished what we have to accomplish so we are discussing Syria as part of and over real deal so we want to come home. World becoming home. But we want to have a very very strong we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint and that was a very big part of our discussion we will in fact. Wearing lots of people home. We will have. A strong blockage to the Mediterranean which to me is very important. Because if we don't you have around going right. To the Mediterranean. Gonna have that. But there is a chance and nobody knows what I'm going to do. On the twelfth. Although Mr. President you have a pretty good idea. But we'll see but we'll see also. If I do what some people expect. Whether or not it will be possible to do. A new deal with solid foundations because this is a deal with decayed foundations it's a bad deal. To bad structure. It's falling down should have never ever. Been made. Blame. Congress blame. A lot of people for. But it should have never been made. And we're to see what happens on the twelfth but I will say if Iran threatens us in anyway. They will pay a price like few countries have ever paid.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
New York (AP) — Cotton No. 2 Futures on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Wednesday:
(50,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
Have your say
Chris Coleman has handed full debuts to all three of his deadline day signings.
Kazenga LuaLua is on the bench while Jake Clarke-Salter misses out with a hamstring problem.
Jonny Williams is also missing as he builds towards full fitness.
Sunderland XI: Camp; Matthews, Jones, O'Shea, Browning, Oviedo; Cattermole, Robson ,Ejaria; Fletcher, Asoro
Subs: Ruiter, McGeady, Maja, Honeyman, Gooch, Love, LuaLua
Getty Image
On “Sally Ride” Janelle Monae coos: “Wake up, Mary, have you heard the news? Wake up, Mary, you have the right to choose.” Monae is speaking to the Madonna, The Virgin Mary, willing the feminine symbol of Christianity from her sleep, shaking the floor of Christian dogmatism with two sentences. Monae invites us to reassess our feelings about the narrative of a woman being told by a patriarchal God she is to birth the savior of humanity — without consent. These two sentences bring a feminist context to the Christ story, returning autonomy back to the woman, but they also act as double entendre, which is the source of their power.
Janelle's honey-soaked voice crooning that Mary “has the right to choose” is an obvious commentary on her pro-life stance and a subversive political move, bringing the icon Virgin Mary, who is closely associated with The Catholic Church, a historically anti-abortion force, into a pro-choice conversation. The passion of Janelle Monae is to use double entendre to expose and express singular truths about love, justice, equality, and freedom. To understand the double meanings of Janelle Monae, it's necessary to understand the artists who came before her, living dual lives in order to express their truest selves.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Missy Elliot lived as an afro-futurist plaything, using hip-hop as her stomping ground while simultaneously existing as a fat, black woman hell-bent on transcending patriarchal, white supremacist standards about beauty and power. Jazz composer and bandleader Sun-Ra lived dually — and rather infamously — as a black man fighting against racism in America and a self-professed alien from a far-off planet. Earth, Wind, & Fire were black friends creating music that expressed feelings of love, joy, celebration, and heartbreak even as they also saw themselves as elements that literally sustained the world.
Duality in black art and life is not new, but necessary. As far back as W.E.B. DuBois, Black intellectuals have been writing about the double-consciousness that black people must embody in order to sustain themselves. In art, often black people must also see themselves as what we are in this socio-political reality but also see ourselves as something bigger and more abstract than what society and our flesh offers us. No other artist of our era has done this with as much mastery or invoked so much fascination as Janelle Monae.
To attempt to be subversive is one thing, but to successfully subvert is another. Janelle Monae is the kind of rare artist that shakes the foundation of what makes us feel comfortable as a people. In both her music and visuals, Janelle Monae disrupts the status quo with ease. Monae's particular genius draws on the knowledge of what our collective sanity relies on, and what will break that foundation. And when Monae breaks it, she finds her own peace in this disturbance — which is why the music is just so damn good. She skates effortlessly and confidently between soundscapes and ideas because society's chaos is the rebel's playground. She is the android. She is the dirty computer. Janelle Monae does not make art to disturb the comfortable, she makes it to comfort herself and the disturbed.
Transcript for 'Live From the Couch' with the Rev. Shawn Amos
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
AMSTERDAM (AP) — Dutch health care and electronics giant Philips says its fourth-quarter net profit rose to 899 million euros ($1.1 billion) from 640 million euros in the same period a year ago, as it successfully continued its departure from its past as a lighting company.
Comparable sales growth for the quarter rose 5 percent to 5.3 billion euros ($6.5 billion).
Philips spun off its lighting division in 2016 and now focuses its business on health technology. The company still holds a 29-percent stake in Philips Lighting.
CEO Frans van Houten said Tuesday that the fourth-quarter earnings performance "demonstrates that we are gaining momentum."
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Amid China's current campaign pressuring companies to change their designation of Taiwan, BBC China conducted a survey of 100 major international company websites to compile a list of companies in compliance with China's dictates.
The survey of company websites was conducted over May 28 -29, and of the 100 companies, reportedly randomly selected, it was found that 11 out of 100 display “Taiwan” as an available choice under the category of country or nation on website menus.
The vast majority of websites surveyed have Taiwan listed alongside other countries under politically safe categories like “Location,” “Region” or “Country or Region.”
Only eight of 100 described Taiwan as "Chinese" or specifically designate Taiwan as a region of China (ex. 中國台灣, 中華台北, 台灣地區).
Ten out of 100 remained ambiguous, either avoiding any designation, or providing alternate designations on Chinese website menus from those displayed on the sites in English or other languages.
Companies that designate “Taiwan” under nation or country listings separate from "China"include: Twitter, HTC, Puma, Netflix, Mitsukoshi, H&M, ASOS, KFC, Chanel, Prada and Fiat.
The eight companies that described Taiwan as “Chinese” or simply as a region in China include: Lenovo, Honda, Peugeot, Benz, Ford Motor, Hilton, Louise Vuitton, and Hewlett Packard.
Companies with alternate designations for specific Chinese webpages, or where a specific term of designation is avoided are: Instagram, BMW, Walmart, GAP, Uniqlo, Zara, Gucci, Toyota, Marriot Hotels, Neutrogena.
Finally, the majority of websites who use non-specific categories of “location,” “region,”or the politically ambiguous “country or region” as reported by BBC China are:
-Amazon
-Yahoo
-Google
-Facebook
-Apple
-Microsoft
-eBay
-LinkedIn
-Dell
-Android
-Acer
-Panasonic
-Philips
-Siemens
-Samsung
-Bosch
-Sony
-Nokia
-LG
-Armani
-Dior
-Versace
-Burberry
-Calvin Klein
-Valentino
-Zara
-Topshop
-GAP
-Ferragamo
-Nike
-Adidas
-SK-II
-Kao Corp.
-Kanebo
-SaSa
-Gatsby
-MAC
-Dove
-Laneige
-Estee Lauder
-Clinique
-Nivea
-Kiehl's
-Maybelline
-Muji
-IKEA
-Carrefour
-Lotte
-Starbucks
-Costa
-McDonald's
-Coca-Cola
-Burger King
-Mos Burger
-Pizza Hut
-7-eleven
-Nissan
-Volkswagen
-booking.com
-hotels.com
-Agoda
-Trivago
-Kayak
-Tripadvisor
-Expedia
-Skyscanner
-Hyatt Hotels Group
-Carlson Company
-Starwood
-Accor
-InterContinental Hotel Group (IHG)
It is not unreasonable to expect that the eleven companies who have listed Taiwan under the “country” category will soon receive a threatening letter for Chinese authorities demanding they comply with “Chinese law.”
Members of the Ventnor Town Council (VTC) – recognised as one of the most progressive town councils across the country – will tonight (Monday) be discussing plans to live stream their meetings on YouTube.
Following low public attendance at meetings in recent times, and as part of the VTC's firm commitment to transparency about its work, members are being recommended to agree to live-streaming their meetings from early next year (2018).
Preparations complete
Papers for tonight's meeting (which starts at 7pm and takes place in the Green Room of Salisbury Gardens, Dudley Road) reveals that all the necessary preparations have been completed to live stream the meetings to YouTube in the future.
The papers state:
The Openness of Local Government Bodies Regulations 2014 strengthened the government's determination to ensure that local councils at all levels should be fully transparent by extending the rights of members of the public to record proceedings to include filming their meetings and publishing of the records.
Ventnor, in the Vanguard again
An unpublished trial run has taken place for Members to become familiar with the process.
Whilst some town councils on the Isle of Wight appear agitated about being filmed and held to account, Ventnor are in the vanguard of a more modern approach.
Image: korosirego under CC BY 2.0
Location map
View the location of this story.
Wales' Joe Allen, left, challenges Georgia's Valeri Kazaishvili during the World Cup Group D qualifying soccer match between Georgia and Wales at the Boris Paichadze Dinamo Arena in Tbilisi, Georgia, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Shakh Aivazov)
TBILISI, Georgia (AP) — Wales beat Georgia 1-0 away without injured star Gareth Bale on Friday to keep alive its chances of qualifying automatically for next year's World Cup in Russia.
Tom Lawrence scored the winning goal for the 2016 European Championship semifinalists in the 49th minute, when he spun his marker and sent in a low shot from 20 meters that proved too powerful for the goalkeeper to keep out.
Wales moved a point behind Serbia, which plays Austria later Friday and can guarantee first place in Group D with a win in Vienna.
Third-placed Ireland must beat Moldova at home to stay within a point of Wales, ahead of a meeting between the two Celtic rivals in Cardiff on Monday in the final round of qualifiers.
If the Serbs fail to beat Austria, they can clinch qualification with a win at home to Georgia on Monday.
Bale was missing for the Welsh at Boris Paichadze Dinamo Arena in Tbilisi because of a calf muscle strain, sustained while playing for Real Madrid. He will also miss the match against Ireland.
The group winner qualifies automatically for the finals in Russia. The best eight second-place finishers from the nine groups in the European zone advance to the playoffs.
Many of the articles in this series about the casualties among the workmen on the Welland Ship Canal have focused upon those individuals who were recent immigrants to Canada from abroad.
Thomas W. Pollard was also a “non-Canadian” who died while on the job, but he was born in 1895 in Newfoundland when it was still a British colony. By the time of his accident in 1929, it had dominion status within the British Empire, but would not enter into Canadian Confederation until 1949, thereby becoming the country's 10th province.
Pollard was the son of Abraham and Lillian (Gillard) Pollard. Few details are known about his early life. He was married in October 1912 to Hannah Mary Adams (born December 1892) at Botwood, in the District of Twillingate, Newfoundland.
Hannah (a.k.a. Annie or Anna) was the daughter of Adam and Matilda (Jenkins) Adams. Two children were born as a result of this union, a son, Edward, and a daughter, Matilda.
In November 1917, Pollard was certified as a fireman and was living at Reserve Mines in Cape Breton, N.S. At some point after this, the family moved to the Niagara area.
The 1921 census showed that the Pollard family lived on Burgar Street in Welland. Matilda Adams, Pollard's mother-in-law, had remarried to Elkanah Sheppard, a carpenter who lived just one street away on Garner Avenue. Pollard was described in records at that time as being employed as a labourer. He and his family were active members in the Salvation Army, and Pollard served as a colour sergeant.
Pollard was eventually hired as an ironworker (bridgeman) by Canadian Bridge Co. On the morning of Sept. 7, 1929, he had reported to work at Bridge No. 5 which was under construction where the old St. David's Road (now Glendale Avenue) crosses the canal. The newspaper account of the events of that day reported that Pollard and his co-worker, Murdock McArthur, were underneath the bridge, removing scaffolding and handing the planks to the workmen above. At the same time they were responsible for maintaining at a certain height the jacks that were under the bridge.
At about 11:20 a.m., Pollard had climbed up onto a narrow lateral brace when he apparently slipped and lost his footing, and plunged headfirst 12 to 15 metres to his death. One worker reported that he saw something fly past him, and he realized immediately afterwards what had happened. Pollard “landed on his head on the hard clay” in the dry channel of the canal and died instantly.
A coroner's jury was convened and returned a verdict of accidental death. An examination of the remains conducted by coroner Douglas V. Curry showed that Pollard had sustained a fractured skull, an extensive laceration of the brain and shock. The jury noted that Pollard had been engaged in this kind of work for several years, and was known to be a “careful workman.”
Funeral arrangements for Pollard were entrusted to Grobb Bros., undertakers on St. Paul Street in St. Catharines. The funeral was held in the home of Elkanah Sheppard, and then proceeded to the Salvation Army hall or citadel. More than 300 mourners were in attendance, including family, friends, co-workers, members of Structural Iron Workers' Union No. 434, and members of the Welland Corps of the Salvation Army. “A great profusion of floral offerings testified further to the esteem in which the deceased was held.” Pollard was interred in Woodlawn Cemetery in Welland.
Pollard's widow and children afterwards moved into her parents' home on Garner Avenue. Fourteen months later, on Nov. 7, 1930, tragedy struck the family again when Anna Pollard, just 36 years of age, died at Welland County General Hospital from pleurisy and myocardial failure. She was survived by her two minor children, her mother Matilda, and her stepfather Elkanah. Anna was buried beside her husband at Woodlawn Cemetery, where a large tombstone was erected over their grave.
The two orphaned children, Edward, 17, and Matilda, 13, were then separated, the son being placed in the care of a children's aid home while the daughter was adopted. The tragic circumstances of Pollard's widow and children underscores just how the canal fatalities always had more than just one victim.
— This article is part of a series remembering the men whose lives were lost in the construction of the Welland Ship Canal. A memorial to honour the men was unveiled in November. The Welland Canal Fallen Workers Memorial is open to the public at Lock 3 next to the St. Catharines Museum and Welland Canals Centre. To learn more visit www.stcatharines.ca/canalworkersmemorial.
Profile No. 119
Thomas W. Pollard, 34
Born: 1895 (Newfoundland)
Died: Sept. 7, 1929 (Section 2, Bridge No. 5, Grantham Township)
Cause of death: fractured skull from fall from bridge
Occupation: bridgeman, Canadian Bridge Co. Ltd.
Burial: Woodlawn Cemetery, Welland (Section G, Row 1, Grave 14)
(Photo Credit: Thinkstock)
If you are launching your business on a shoestring budget, you may think the cost of a web designer doesn't fit into your plan. Even if HTML and CSS look like alphabet soup to you, drag and drop website-building interfaces make it possible for non-coders to build their own websites. That may be a good option for you depending on the size of your business and your website goals. However, ease of use comes at the cost of flexibility, and a less-than-professional look to your website will drive business away. Your inexpensive DIY website then becomes rather costly.
It may be better to invest in a professional web design service to get your business online. Keep in mind that your website is part of your overall marketing plan, so position it as an expense where you expect a positive rate of return on your investment, just as you would with an ad campaign. Bringing in a pro will get the job done quicker and better than if you tackle the project yourself.
What does DIY web design involve?
Website building platforms are the quickest way to build and launch a website. They come with pre-coded templates, drag-and-drop elements and stock photos — everything you need to create a simple website. These tools are usually bundled with hosting services. Builders such as Wix and Weebly offer free options, but you will have the builders' names in your URL and their advertisements loaded onto to your website. This is fine for a hobbyist, but a business needs something more professional. For a modest monthly fee, you can have the ads removed and use your own domain. Another popular option is a content management system (CMS) such as WordPress. Although the initial learning curve is steep, page builder plugins simplify the process, and site owners have multiple options for customizing with hundreds of themes and plugins available.
A web designer may cost less in the long run
When you factor in your time, or the time of an employee tasked with building your website, and the benefits of a professionally designed web presence for your business, it may make better financial sense to contract a web designer. A complex site with several pages and subpages, an online shop, or a reservation system for lodging and dining can lose function in the hands of a novice. A professional will design a site that expresses your brand and engages visitors so they stick around to learn about your business.
Doing the math
What is the best way to go? The calculation will be different for each business. Begin by thinking about what you wish to achieve with your website. Do you hope to get an edge over your local competition with a slick website? Do you plan to sell goods online? Will your website's primary function be to generate leads or sales? With goals in mind, you can determine how complex a website you need. Is the level of complexity something you and your team can proficiently handle? If yes, how many hours will be spent on website development? Place a value on this time and compare it to the cost of hiring a web designer. You may be surprised to find a professional will save you money.
This article was written by Gillian Burdett for Small Business Pulse
Looking to expand your skills in the tech realm? Demand for developers with data science skills is currently "very strong" among businesses, according to Shu Wu, director of Indeed Prime, with "tremendous growth" over the last four years for data scientist job postings.
"Job outlook is strong and data science roles command a high average salary, but the competition is tough," Wu said. "A data scientist that is an expert at examining data is great, but someone who can make data digestible for the entire organization is pinnacle."
Technology advances and the massive volumes of online data available are affecting every sector and have tremendous impacts on the economy, said Karen Panetta, IEEE fellow and dean of graduate engineering at Tufts University. This so-called "data avalanche" is not just about the sheer volume of data, but also the speed at which it changes and grows, and the diverse types of data available.
"Knowing how to use a spreadsheet and a traditional database will not suffice in the emerging Big Data revolution," Panetta said. "Analyses need to be done in real-time, where decisions can be critical. Being able to simply know how to use the software tools is only part of this challenge. Understanding the data across disciplines, being able to communicate its meaning, and using statistics will be the differentiating factors from a traditional 'number cruncher.'"
SEE: How to build a successful data scientist career (free PDF)
In terms of learning a programming language that allows you to work with data, "the standard across the board for any language is to find something and do it," said Forrester analyst Mike Facemire. "The great thing about writing code is that doing it wrong is a great learning experience." Facemire recommends going to Github to see examples, and finding a data set that interests you and learning to analyze it.
Ultimately, it's more important to understand how to solve a problem by breaking it down into smaller pieces than it is to know the language itself, Facemire said. "At the end of the day it's just a way to interface with a computer," he said. "The computer doesn't care which language you use, it cares more that you broke down your problem properly and solved it properly to get the proper outcome."
Some educational institutions have created data science degree programs, including Northeastern University, Boston University, CUNY and Merrimack College. Some of these schools offer online courses, and lower-cost programs and seminars are available through the IEEE Computer Society, Panetta said.
If you want to pursue a career in data science, you should consider learning one of the following three languages.
1. R
R is a language and framework used for data miners for developing statistical software and data analysis, Panetta said.
The language saw a large surge as data analysis and data science become more prevalent in the past couple years, Facemire said. It's popularity has since leveled off a bit, however. R has tooling that is built for data scientists, with extensions and plugins specifically for that purpose.
"It is essential when learning a language like R that individuals understand the fundamental mathematical skills," Panetta said. "It would be disastrous if we just trusted the outputs of software without knowing what we were truly measuring and without understanding the data we were providing it as input."
SEE: The 10 easiest programming languages to learn
2. Python
Python is a general purpose language, which is already hardy, and includes tooling that can fit into environments that require visualizations that will appear in websites or on mobile, Facemire said. It is also more readable than R, he added.
"If you're at the point in my career when you're thinking, 'I want to be a data scientist—which language should I learn?' I would look at both R and Python and see which makes sense to you," Facemire said. "Both are absolutely viable." Businesses usually don't prioritize one over the other in terms of required skills for data scientists, he added.
3. Java
Java was recently ranked as one of the most favored and most versatile language to write in, according to a survey from WP Engine. It's another general-purpose programming language that is specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It can be used to build virtually anything, particularly scalable, multithreaded platforms, and has a strong user base.
Java is also an interpreted language—unlike C and C++, Java doesn't require as much lower-level understanding of the hardware, Panetta said. That makes it easier for those studying in disciplines beyond computer science and engineering to learn it. Java is also the most in-demand coding language in terms of tech job postings, according to Indeed.
Image: iStockphoto/scyther5
Keep up to date on all of the latest trends in big data. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Big Data Essentials newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Transcript for Thai kids singing Christian songs in hopes for the soccer teammates' safe return
Yeah. OKV. Pain. It's. Yeah. Okay. OKV. Okay. Okay. Com and he. Yeah. I'll. Okay. Yeah yeah oh yeah.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
OPINION: THIS is the second in our 4 part series of articles on residential pre-sales where we provide a discussion on some of the pitfalls and risks inherent in pre-sales. We also share some key tips on how lenders can mitigate risk.
To some developers, all pre-sales are equal. Yet, developers need to understand that lenders, concerned with maintaining prudent lending standards, focus on the quality of pre-sales.
At BRI Ferrier, we encourage lenders to follow some key principles to mitigate potential risks before allowing loan funds to be drawn:
Do not be complacent.
Check and follow internal policies.
Be sceptical, particularly where no agent is involved (misrepresentation can be a key issue).
Review the pre-sale information that developers provide.
Try to identify all buyers.
Refer all contracts to a lawyer for sign-off.
Manage diligently on an ongoing basis.
Pre-sales aren't always what they're cracked up to be
Developers often consider pre-sales to be a necessary evil. The downside for them is that pre-sales are a funding requirement that can reduce the end value and profitability of the project. However, developers have no choice but to lock-in pre-sales.
Problems can arise if project delays occur – in Council, in contractor negotiations and when seeking finance. These days, lenders often require a development consent, construction contract and pre-sales to have been locked in before they consider a loan application. With finance difficult to obtain, there are often delays, which will result in cost increases, particularly in a rising market. Once pre-sales are locked in, there is no opportunity to pass these cost increases on. Someone in the development chain must bear this cost.
In this article, we have focused on pre-sales risk from a lender's point of view. Ultimately, lenders' securities entitle them to receive 100% of pre-sales revenue and in turn they bear 100% of pre-sale settlement risk until the loan is repaid.
The following table lists many of a lender's key pre-sale risks. It outlines when these risks occur, possible symptoms, where they can be identified and where the risks are likely to stem from.
Lenders recognise sponsor reputational risk as a significant risk in property development lending. Many pre-sale risks occur at the very beginning of a project, and many stems directly from the sponsor (e.g. misrepresentation).
With thorough due diligence, lenders can eliminate key risks before drawdown. Errors at this point can reflect poorly on a lender in a default scenario, so care is advised.
Lenders should include the following steps in their pre-sales due diligence:
Understand the developer's sales process and commission rates.
Visit the display suite and the development website and do further online research.
Consider sales rates and movements in average prices over time.
Is the sold stock representative of the whole development? Does it raise any design or value questions about the unsold stock?
Check the plans against the sale contracts and marketing material and reconcile them to the building contract and quantity surveyor's report.
Review the proforma contract and special conditions.
Identify the purchasers where possible, and the location and amount of deposits paid.
Ensure a comprehensive legal review of the pre-sales is completed.
Developers should be mindful of the concerns of lenders in relation to pre-sales. Efforts should be made to explain why possible risks do not apply in their case. Developers should produce supporting evidence as inadequate information will cause finance delays.
Regular reporting of ongoing pre-sales results will be required and an appropriate compliance process should be put in place.
Our broad experience and industry resources equips us to assist in the most complex situations. Please contact Costa Nicodemou or Brett Lennane to find out how we can support you.
By Costa Nicodemou and Brett Lennane, BRI Ferrier.
Costa Nicodemou
Principal
Costa Nicodemou joined BRI Ferrier in January 2012 to run the NSW property and construction team. Costa has over 14 years' banking, property, construction and insolvency experience. He is also a director and company secretary of related entity Castlereagh Capital.
Brett Lennane
Consultant
Brett Lennane joined BRI Ferrier in March 2012 as a consultant for matters relating to real estate and construction. Brett is a specialist property financier with over 25 years' experience earned at leading financial institutions.
Property Reviewer on Australian Property Journal
GUATEMALA CITY (AP) — Authorities in Guatemala have raised by more than 130 the number of people officially missing from last month's deadly eruption of the Volcano of Fire.
The country's disaster agency says in a statement that the new figure is 332, up from 197 previously.
It said Wednesday that the revision followed a review of nearly 200,000 records and verifying lists of people living in shelters.
The Volcano of Fire is one of the region's most active, located to the southwest of Guatemala City.
Authorities have confirmed at least 113 deaths from the June 3 eruption, which sent superheated flows raging through small villages. Eighty-five of those bodies have been identified.
Mumbai Police on Wednesday, July 4, warned commuters of a crack bridge at the Grant Road Station. the warning comes after heavy rains lashed Mumbai due to which part of a Road Over Bridge (ROB) collapsed, which left at least 6 people injured.
Just a day after Andheri over bridge collapse, Mumbai Police on Wednesday, July 3, warned commuters via Twitter about a crack in another bridge at the Grant Road Station and has adviced commuters ‘to take route through Balasaheb Thakre bridge Jogeshwari /Milan flyover Santacruz/Mrunal Tai Gore flyover Malad Goregaon/Captain Gore bridge Parla / Andheri-Khar-Milan subway.' The traffic has been diverted to Nana Chowk towards Kennedy bridge. As massive downpour hit Mumbai, part of a Road Over Bridge (ROB) collapsed on railway tracks near Andheri Station towards Vile Parle, which left 6 persons injured, out of which 2 were rescued from under the debris.
The 40-year-old foot overbridge collapsed around 7:30 am on Tuesday, which blocked train services one 3 of the main railways' lines in the city. Following the incident, the Railways said it would conduct a safety audit of around 450 road overbridges.
ALSO READ: Mumbai rains LIVE updates: Harbour line service from Andheri resumes
Following the incident, an inquiry by the Commissioner of Rail Safety was ordered by Railways Minister Piyush Goyal. He visited the accident site on Tuesday and said he wants the investigation report within 15 days.
The collapse again brings to light the creaky infrastructure of the city. In September 2017, a stampede on a foot overbridge linking Elphinstone Road and Parel railway stations killed at least 22 people and left many injured.
ALSO READ: Mumbai monsoon: Heavy rains cause waterlogging, flights delayed, local trains halted
ALSO READ: Mumbai rains: Residents trapped rescued, 7 cars damaged as under-construction wall collapses in Wadala's Antop Hill
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
News of CBA CEO's departure comes as bank faces court action launched by AUSTRAC
Commonwealth Bank of Australia CEO Ian Narev will leave CBA by the end of FY18.
The chair of the bank's board, Catherine Livingstone, this morning announced details of the CEO's departure. The exact timing will depend on the “outcome of an ongoing comprehensive internal and external search process,” Livingstone said in a statement.
“Succession planning is an ongoing process at all levels of the Bank. In discussions with Ian we have also agreed it is important for the business that we deal with the speculation and questions about his tenure. Today's statement provides that clarity and will ensure he can continue to focus, as CEO, on successfully managing the business.”
Narev's impending departure comes as the bank faces accusations of failing to meet its obligations under Australia's anti-money-laundering rules.
AUSTRAC, which enforces the anti-money-laundering regime, has launched Federal Court action against the bank.
The bank has blamed a “coding error” for a failure to generate mandatory reports relating to large cash deposits made using its Intelligent Deposit Machines (IDMs).
AUSTRAC has said that CBA failed to report 53,506 “threshold transactions” — transactions involving $10,000 or more — between 5 November 2012 and 1 September 2015.
“Suspected money laundering was conducted through CommBank accounts, by way of cash deposits, many through IDMs, followed immediately by international and domestic transfers,” an AUSTRAC court filing states.
CBA has been accused of failing to report suspicious matters either on time or at all involving transactions totalling over $77 million.
The bank has said that when the IDMs were first rolled out, the correct threshold transaction reports (TTRs) were generated. However after a software update “a coding error occurred which meant the IDMs did not create the TTRs needed.”
Earlier this month CBA reported statutory net profit after tax of $9.93 billion for the full year, up 7.6 per cent, and cash net NPAT of $9.88 billion, up 4.6 per cent. The Commonwealth Bank of Australia's IT services expenses hit $1.94 billion in the 12 months ending 30 June, the bank reported.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 47 29 10 8 66 156 116 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Florida 47 19 22 6 44 132 158 Ottawa 47 15 23 9 39 124 166 Buffalo 49 14 26 9 37 114 163 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Pittsburgh 51 27 21 3 57 151 153 New Jersey 48 24 16 8 56 144 146 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Islanders 50 25 20 5 55 172 180 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 Carolina 49 22 19 8 52 137 154 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 San Jose 48 26 15 7 59 143 133 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Anaheim 50 24 17 9 57 141 141 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Central All-Stars vs Pacific All-Stars: Pacific 5, Central 2
Metropolitan All-Stars vs Atlantic All-Stars: Atlantic 7, Metropolitan 4
All-Star Game Final: Pacific 5, Atlantic 2
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota at Columbus, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Florida at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Boston, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Carolina, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A lawyer for Harvey Weinstein says actress Rose McGowan's claims of rape against the former Hollywood producer are "a bold lie."
Attorney Ben Brafman says in a statement Tuesday that McGowan is trying to "smear" Weinstein to promote her new book "Brave."
McGowan details her allegations against Weinstein in the memoir released Tuesday. Scores of women have publicly accused Weinstein of sexual harassment or assault.
Brafman says Weinstein denies McGowan's claims. The attorney also cites correspondence from "two witnesses" to corroborate his client's position: Entertainment manager Jill Messick and Oscar winner Ben Affleck.
The statement released through crisis management firm Sitrick & Co. also included several photos of McGowan looking cordial with Weinstein at an industry event years ago.
Representatives for McGowan and Affleck did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Kaitlyn Aurelia Smith
I was lucky enough to see Kaitlyn Aurelia Smith perform to a small audience earlier this year at the National Music Centre in Calgary, Alberta. The LA-based experimental analog synth artist was a resident there for a few days during the Sled Island music festival, taking advantage of the centre's extensive synth collection and recording studios. During her performance she demoed some of the new work that she had been developing during her stay, and took particular joy out of showing off one of the weirder curios at the exhibit, a pipe organ that could be programmed with MIDI files.
The smile on her face as the pipe organ played a MIDI she'd written said it all. An antiquated instrument controlled digitally opens up a whole new way for her to synthesize sound. That dichotomy between the analog and the digital has been a focal point of Smith's work as a musician, and it's fair to say that she revels in moments where she can blur the line between the two. Her latest album, The Kid, distorts that difference even further by couching her synth odysseys in the sounds of the natural world.
Smith's breakout album, 2016's EARS, was a free-flowing, bubbling primordial soup of vibrant sound. Performed mostly on her Buchla Music Easel, each song had a warmth to it, bearing no affinity with the cold, precise movements usually associated with electronic and synthesizer music. Conversely, Smith treated and layered her own voice to almost indistinguishable levels, giving it an otherworldly, elemental presence on the record. In her music what's electronic is made organic and visa versa, melding both into a unique sound that's familiar and alien at the same time.
A woman is facing battery charges after allegedly kicking a disabled patient multiple times.
Attorney General Jeff Landry reported Flora Williams, 53, of Baton Rouge, is accused of committing battery against her Medicaid patient.
"It is always disturbing to hear of Medicaid recipients allegedly being harmed by employees whose job is to care for them," said General Landry. "As my office and I continue to fight Medicaid welfare fraud, we encourage the public to report abuse and neglect in residential care facilities."
Williams is charged with simple battery of persons with infirmities.
She was booked into the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison.
RELATED: Deputies arrest 5 women accused of fraudulently getting disaster benefits
Records show Williams was arrested in 2014 for allegedly fraudulently receiving disaster benefits after Hurricane Issac.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
OTTAWA – A surge in full-time work fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago, Statistics Canada said Friday.
September's unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent after country added 10,000 net new jobs, including 112,000 full-time positions.
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs, however, last month's job gains were entirely driven by growth in public-sector employment.
The September figures also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth. Compared to the year before, the report said average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent, for the biggest increase since April 2016.
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs, compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry.
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs, while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed, including unpaid workers in family businesses, fell by 800.
Statistics Canada said Ontario gained 34,700 jobs in September for its fourth monthly increase in five months and, compared to a year earlier, the province's employment was 2.4 per cent higher. Manitoba shed 5,500 positions for its first notable decline since April 2016, the report said.
Overall, the national numbers show that Canada's year-over-year employment expanded 1.8 per cent with the addition of 319,700 net new jobs, of which more than 90 per cent were full-time positions.
The run of 10-consecutive months of job creation marked the country's longest streak of total employment gains since February 2008.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – Johnson City Police Department officers were called to a single-vehicle crash involving a car that had run off the highway and fell onto a road below.
Sgt. Chris Stine told us that a car was traveling eastbound towards Unicoi on Interstate 26 when it hit a guardrail and fell off the road onto West Lakeview Drive.
Three people were in the car when it crashed, but no injuries were reported.
Charges are pending in the crash.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
GARFIELD, N.J. (CBSNewYork) – A boy riding his bicycle was struck and killed by a truck in Bergen County.
It happened around 2 p.m. Tuesday near Lanza and Pleasant avenues in Garfield.
Investigators said the boy was between nine and 11 years old.
Neighbors told CBS2's Valerie Castro the truck traffic has become a growing problem in their residential community.
“There are a lot of big trucks that come. There's a storage facility down there and a lot of factories that are down there, and the trucks come through here this way to get down there I guess,” one person said.
The driver remained on the scene before being brought to police headquarters for questioning.
There is outrage over a manager's response to another employee's tragic family news.Crystal Fisher's 18-year-old son Jason was placed on life support as he battles an infection.Fisher says she texted her manager at PS Food Mart in Michigan about the situation, and the manager was unsympathetic, telling her it wasn't an excuse to skip work."This is his life we're talking about, not just in the hospital sick, he's on life support, " said Fisher. "And I let her know that no, I'm not quitting, I want my job, that my son's more important though than your job because I can replace your job, I cannot replace my kid."The company didn't waste time responding. It says the manager was fired Monday morning.
Nominations are now being accepted for the province's highest honour, the Saskatchewan Order of Merit.
“The Saskatchewan Order of Merit enables us to celebrate excellence and to honour our remarkable citizens,” says Lieutenant Governor Vaughn Solomon Schofield. “I encourage everyone to consider nominating a deserving individual who has made outstanding contributions to our province.”
Nominees must be current or former long-term residents of the province and Canadian citizens. Groups and organizations, along with members of Parliament, the Legislature or the judiciary are not eligible to be nominated. Nominations for a person after they have died are accepted, as long as it is within one year of their death.
To nominate someone, visit the province's website. Nominations will be accepted until November 1.
A painted lady butterfly flies near daisies in a garden in downtown Denver Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017. Weather forecasters say that a lacy, cloud-like pattern drifting across a Denver-area radar screen turns out to be a 70-mile-wide wave of butterflies such as the painted ladies migrating from their summer home to their winter haunts. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
DENVER (AP) — A lacy, cloud-like pattern drifting across a Denver-area radar screen turned out to be a 70-mile-wide (110-kilometer) wave of butterflies, forecasters say.
Paul Schlatter of the National Weather Service said he first thought flocks of birds were making the pattern he saw on the radar Tuesday, but the cloud was headed northwest with the wind, and migrating birds would be southbound in October.
He asked birdwatchers on social media what it might be, and by Wednesday had his answer: People reported seeing a loosely spaced net of painted lady butterflies drifting with the wind across the area.
Schlatter said the colors on the radar image are a result of the butterflies' shape and direction, not their own colors.
Midwestern radar stations occasionally pick up butterflies, but Schlatter believes it's a first for Denver.
An unusually large number of painted ladies, which are sometimes mistaken for monarch butterflies, has descended on Colorado's Front Range in recent weeks, feeding on flowers and sometimes flying together in what seem like clouds.
Sarah Garrett, a lepidopterist at the Butterfly Pavilion in Westminster, Colorado, said people from as far away as the Dakotas have called to report seeing the butterflies, whose population typically surges with plentiful flowers.
Research on the painted ladies in North America is limited, but scientists believe they migrate to the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico in the fall. In Europe, studies using radio tracking have shown they migrate south from Europe to Africa in the fall and return in the spring. Studies also show that monarch butterflies often use wind to their advantage and glide on currents for periods of time, Garrett said.
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Roslyn Yarbrough arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Douglas Moss arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault trial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
By MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial was poised to begin deliberating Tuesday after prosecutors portrayed the 80-year-old former TV star as a serial predator who drugged and molested a woman 14 years ago. The defense called Cosby's accuser a "pathological liar" scheming for a big payday.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era pit Cosby, the beloved comedian whose career and good-guy reputation were destroyed by a barrage of allegations involving drugs and sex, against a former Temple University women's basketball administrator who testified that he gave her pills and violated her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion.
Five other women got on the witness stand and testified the same thing had happened to them.
"He is nothing like the image that he played on TV," prosecutor Kristen Feden told jurors in her closing argument. "In fact, he utilized that image and cloaked it around himself so that he could gain the trust, gain the confidences of these aspiring, unsuspecting women."
The defense urged jurors to acquit, saying the charges were based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
Cosby faces three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison. The jury at Cosby's first trial deliberated for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
Defense attorneys Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that chief accuser Andrea Constand consented to sexual activity, then leveled false accusations against the "Cosby Show" star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
"You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury," said Mesereau, who won an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case. "You are."
Cosby's wife of 54 years looked on from the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him, the first time she has attended the trial. Camille Cosby, 74, had stayed away as the prosecution built its case that Cosby maintained a sordid double life, plying women with drugs and preying on them sexually.
Before the jury came in, she went to the defense table and put her arm around her husband. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and he gave her a peck on the cheek.
When it was the prosecution's turn to argue, Camille Cosby left the courtroom, and Constand entered.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called "your friends" and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too - including one woman who asked him through her tears, "You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?"
After last year's hung jury, the defense team also mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit. Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago - a settlement that Mesereau argued was "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
Cosby has said he gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help her relax before what he called a consensual encounter. And the defense ripped into the other accusers, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to come forward in recent years with fabricated accounts.
Feden bristled at what she called the defense's "horrible character assassination" of Constand and the other women.
She called Cosby the true con artist - wresting that label from Cosby's lawyers, who had applied it to Constand throughout the two-week trial.
"Yes, you did hear about a con," Feden said, her voice rising as she moved toward Cosby and pointed at him. "The perpetrator of that con is this man, sitting right here."
She also called out Cosby for smirking during her presentation.
"This is his con, and he's laughing like it's funny, but there's nothing funny about stripping a woman of her decency," Feden said. "There's nothing funny about that, Mr. Cosby."
The defense, meanwhile, highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years.
Cosby's lawyers also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
In arguing over when Cosby's encounter with Constand took place, Cosby's lawyers sought to suggest that the comedian was charged after the 12-year statute of limitations for prosecuting him had run out.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
Bliss also suggested that Constand and Cosby were having an affair, and that she was the aggressor, "cavorting around with a married man old enough to be her grandfather."
"There's no doubt that something was going on here," Bliss said. "There's no doubt there was love in the making."
Wearing sunglasses in the courtroom, Cosby's wife smirked and pursed her lips a few times but otherwise listened stoically.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and his colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But he says scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," he says.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
By Pete Schroeder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has awarded a record $83 million to three whistleblowers tied to a 2016 settlement with Bank of America Corp's Merrill Lynch brokerage unit, the whistleblowers' attorney said on Monday.
The SEC announced the size of the awards on Monday but did not say which case led it to pay two whistleblowers $50 million and a third $33 million. A law firm representing the whistleblowers said their clients tipped off the agency to the misuse of customer funds by the brokerage.
"Our clients represent the very best of Wall Street and feel vindicated by the SEC's determination," Jordan Thomas, a partner at Labaton Sucharow, said in a statement. "By coming forward, these courageous executives protected millions of Merrill Lynch's customers."
Merrill Lynch admitted in the $415 million settlement to wrongdoing in misusing customer cash by holding up to $58 billion a day in a clearing account when it should have been held in reserve. The SEC also said the company engaged in complex options trades to artificially reduce the amount of reserve cash it must hold for customers.
The activities, spanning 2009 to 2015, freed up billions of dollars per week and allowed Merrill Lynch to finance the firm's trading activities for part of that time.
Merrill Lynch had said in a statement at the time that no customers were harmed and no losses were incurred, and that it would dedicate significant resources to reviewing and enhancing its processes. A spokesman declined to comment further on Monday.
The SEC has awarded more than $262 million to 53 whistleblowers since it began issuing the awards in 2012. Anyone who provides the SEC information that leads to sanctions in excess of $1 million can receive 10 percent to 30 percent of the money collected.
"We hope that these awards encourage others with specific, high-quality information regarding securities laws violations to step forward and report it to the SEC," said Jane Norberg, chief of the SEC's Office of the Whistleblower, in a statement on Monday.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
We had the chance to interview the second cast off from Survivor: Heroes v. Healers v. Hustlers', diversity advocate, Simone Nguyen. Here's her unique perspective (as told to CBS Local's Adam Bloom) on life on the Hustler tribe and why she thinks she was voted off the island.
AB: First of all, it's a pleasure talking to you.
S: This Survivor experience is incredible. Let me just say that there is not a trivial thing about it. Let me just say right off the bat – thank you to Survivor – thank you to Jeff for giving me the opportunity to be brave because there were so many firsts that I had out there. I can't begin to describe how it feels.
AB: That's so cool. I can only imagine what it would be like. There are so many people who want to be on the show. It just must be incredible. I'm just curious your strategy going into the game. Let's talk about what initially you had planned not knowing how the game was going to be divided up. What was your strategy going in?
S: So, I know myself – I'm a tiny Asian female – I'm not a bodybuilder. I'm not Desi – I'm not Jessica. So I knew they were either going to get rid of me in the beginning or they're going to forget about me and then they're going to let me run deep. So I knew that I needed to let myself be shown as somebody who was able to be controlled. I wanted to be like everybody's little sister – I wanted to let people know I was charmed by them – I would not betray them. I would promise my loyalty and hopefully people would feel like they were dragging me along – getting me to the end. Every time, I wanted to assert myself. Every time I wanted to yell at people I'd tell myself – no, don't do it. You need to be everybody's little sister. Try to be charming. Even with that I had a tough time because even like Ryan – the skinny guy who likes turtlenecks – thought I was weird.
AB: Was it surprising when you watched Ryan say that?
S: No – I had the feeling I was an outsider from basically the beginning because everybody went in with a set of lies. Devon was like – I've never been to college. Ryan said – I'm a dropout. Lauren was like – I'm a contractor. Ali said – I've never been to college. None of these things are true. So I was like – okay I'm going to be real with people – I'm going to be open – I'm not going to let them think that I'm lying. I'm going to be matter of fact about the way that I live my life because I think these people were lying about their backstory. I felt – oh, what do I ask them about – how do I connect with these people. I was really struggling. There's no place to hide on a tribe of six so I would try to bond with different people in different ways. I'd say – what do you want to be when you grow up – and Ali would joke – oh, I want to be a housewife. I'd say something silly like – I want to be a Senator. Cole would say – I want to be U.S. Attorney for the southern district. I was just like – no, reel it in – don't be the nerd – don't be too smart. I felt it was kind of tough. I think it was obvious that I was a little bit of an outsider.
AB: I'm curious. When you get to tribal council – I think there was a point where Patrick said he trusted ‘most' everyone instead of everyone. There seemed to be a big reaction to that amongst the group. At that moment – did you think it might be him or did you think it might be you?
S: I knew that the tribal decision would probably be decided. The decision has already been made – 50/50 – it's me or it's Patrick. I know I don't fit in with people but Patrick is loud – Patrick is brass. Patrick can be annoying. I figured this is my only shot – I don't really want him out but this is my only opportunity to figure out how I can stay – go for the person who is also sticking out like a sore thumb and that's Patrick. That's what happens when you howl in the middle of the night and you tell Ryan to dance with you like a court jester. He does not stop like one hundred percent of the time – he is always on. I love him – he's a really great person – but at the same time, even I thought it was a little too much.
AB: Was there a point that you thought – I think I'm going to be staying – when he made that comment?
S: Yeah – I thought that it was 50/50 – it was me or Patrick. I thought the decision had come down to Ali. Ali was a person who I felt was really controlling the decision at that point and thought Ali would have decided by now if she's going to let me or Patrick go. Ali was the one who approached me and hopefully that means that Patrick was going to go. I know I'm in the hot seat – I screwed up that puzzle – I'm not as strong as Patrick. I'm the person who is really easy to get out and at that point – Patrick had been making waves with me – he was making waves with Lauren. Ali looked like she didn't want to give him the time of day. You don't want to make waves at tribal because if it's you – you don't want to rock the boat. You want to hold that hope that hopefully what they told me is true. In my case, it turns out not.
AB: Last question for you. For all the future hustlers – what advice would you give them to be a successful hustler?
S: I'm not sure if I'm qualified to answer this because I was the first one voted out of my tribe.
AB: You made it on the show – so you beat out a lot of hustlers in that regard.
S: If you're going to hustle – hustle hard. Don't do anything halfway. Go camping before you go on Survivor and at least try out a lot of different things. If I'm speaking more generally about hustling – don't think about hustling – just think about what you want and think about how you can bridge where you are with where you want to be. The struggle is real – it doesn't get easier. You just have to keep at it. You don't want anything in life that comes too easily anyway.
AB: I really appreciate it. Here's to more hustling and thank you so much for your time.
Tune into Survivor at 8/7c, Wednesdays on CBS. Check your local listings for more information.
NEW YORK (AP) — JPMorgan Chase says two of its top executives will share the role of president and chief operating officer of the financial services firm.
The New York bank said Monday that Daniel Pinto and Gordon Smith will assume those duties Tuesday. The 55-year-old Pinto is chief executive officer JPMorgan Chase's corporate and investment bank. Smith, who is 59, is chief executive officer of consumer and community banking. The co-presidents and co-chief operating officers will report to Jamie Dimon.
Dimon, who is chairman and CEO of the company, says he and the board agree he will continue in his current role for about five more years. The company said management succession planning is its board's highest priority.
For most people, the idea of brain augmentation remains in the realms of science fiction. However, for scientists across the globe, it is fast becoming reality—with the possibility of humans with “super-intelligence” edging ever closer.
In laboratory experiments on rats, researchers have already been able to transfer memories from one brain to another. Future projects include the development of telepathic communication and the creation of “cyborgs,” where humans have advanced abilities thanks to technological interventions.
Scientists Mikhail Lebedev, Ioan Opris and Manuel Casanova have now published a comprehensive collection of research into brain augmentation, and their efforts have won a major European science research prize—the Frontiers Spotlight Award. This $100,000 prize is for the winners to set up a conference that highlights emerging research in their field.
Trending: Border Wall Construction Will Cost $1.6B For Work To Start Next Year
Project leader Lebedev, a senior researcher at Duke University, North Carolina, said the reality of brain augmentation—where intelligence is enhanced by brain implants—will be part of everyday life by 2030, and that “people will have to deal with the reality of this new paradigm.”
Their collection, Augmentation of brain function: facts, fiction and controversy, was published by Frontiers and includes almost 150 research articles by more than 600 contributing authors. It focuses on current brain augmentation, future proposals and the ethical and legal implications the topic raises.
“Brain augmentation is basically an idea to use technology to improve the brain of a normal person or repair the brains of a people with neurological conditions,” Lebedev tells Newsweek.
View photos artificial intelligence More
GLAS-8/Flickr
There are three main approaches to doing this. The first involves recording information from the brain, decoding it via a computer or machine interface, and then utilizing the information for a purpose.
Don't miss: Beer for Science: Neil deGrasse Tyson Inspires Local Brew That Will Support Science Museum
The second is to influence the brain by stimulating it pharmacologically or electrically: “So you can stimulate the brain to produce artificial sensations, like the sensation of touch, or vision for the blind,” he says. “Or you could stimulate certain areas to improve their functions—like improved memory, attention. You can even connect two brains together—one brain will stimulate the other—like where scientists transferred memories of one rat to another.”
The final approach is defined as “futuristic.” This would include humans becoming cyborgs, for example, and would raise the ethical and philosophical questions that will need to be addressed before scientists merge man and machine.
Lebedev said these ethical concerns could become real in the next 10 years, but the current technology poses no serious threat.
“I guess some people may think it is dangerous,” he says. “But this is actually exactly why we organized this topic. We wanted to cover the issues scientifically, particularly papers that provide a snapshot of the current situation.
“Probably the biggest thing to overcome ethically is whether you can you interfere with somebody's consciousness. Of course nobody knows what consciousness is, but ethically it is clear—you don't want to interfere with a person to the extent that their consciousness or individuality can change.”
Most popular: Jeff Sessions Knocked ‘Hysteria' Out of Kamala Harris, Former Trump Adviser Says
One of the studies, which used pharmacological approaches to augmentation, helped improve brain function temporarily, but this led to changes to the brain. “Should you be allowed to do this or not?” he says.
Read More
NORTH MERRICK, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — The number of businesses targeted by a knifepoint robber on Long Island now totals 14, after two more incidents over the weekend.
As WCBS 880's Sophia Hall reported, the sign to a Subway sandwich shop in North Merrick said, “Open,” Monday, but the shop was locked. An employee told Hall she was by herself and was letting customers in one at a time – after her husband was confronted by the serial robber.
The robber has been threatening people either with a knife or a machete, but in this case, the robber felt threatened and left. The woman said her husband picked up a hot plate and it scared the robber in the Saturday incident.
When the thief struck out at the Subway, police said he came to Lynbrook and held up a TCBY around 9 p.m.
“The one girl that was here, she said she was fine, but there was another girl who doesn't usually work and she was sort of shook,” one TCBY employee told WCBS 880's Sophia Hall.
The suspect was described as a man between 5 feet 5 and 7 inches tall with an average build, wearing a dark hat with a brim, dark jacket, blue jeans, dark scarf covering his face and gloves.
The crime spree began in February, when the knife-wielding man robbed a Carvel in Copiague.
Detectives ask anyone with information about the robberies to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-244-TIPS.
Historic basketball matches featuring players from North Korea and South Korea took place today in Pyongyang.
The matches at the Ryugyong Chung Ju-yung Gymnasium in the North's capital featured mixed teams from both countries.
As well as being billed as symbolic for the ongoing peace efforts between the two nations, the women's match offered a glimpse of the joint side which will represent Korea at the Asian Games in Jakarta and Palembang.
North and South Korea have agreed to compete together in three sports, also including dragon boat racing and rowing.
Teams named "Peace" and "Prosperity" played today with the latter edging the women's contest 103-102.
Ro Suk-yong of the North and Kim Han-byeol of the South were key to the victory, scoring 18 points each.
High-profile officials from both sides of the divide were present at the matches.
Sport has been used as a key vehicle to try and achieve peace on the Korean peninsula, especially since the countries took part in a joint march at the Opening Ceremony of the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics in the South in February.
The players enter the court in Pyongyang ©Getty Images
A joint women's ice hockey team took part at those Games.
South Korea women's national basketball head coach, Lee Moon-kyu, told Yonhap the joint team could work well at the Asian Games.
"I was impressed by Team Peace's number nine and Team Prosperity's number seven," he said. "We have the same faces and use the same language.
"We will work harder under the name of Korea."
The last joint Korean basketball matches took place in 2003.
Men's games are also taking place in Pyongyang as well as contests between the two countries, where no flags or national symbols will be used.
"Through the Panmunjom Declaration adopted by our two leaders on April 27, the South and the North have been making their way toward a new peace and prosperity," South Korea's Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon said to Yonhap.
"In particular, I believe that this reunification basketball event held in line with the summit agreement will expand and advance sports exchanges and greatly contribute to reconciliation of our people and unity."
In his first trip to the playoffs since 2013, Mike D'Antoni knows the rub on him is that he's never won a championship.
The 65-year-old first-year coach of the Houston Rockets doesn't spend much time worrying about that criticism.
"That's cool," he said. "I know a lot of golfers that didn't win a major and they said: 'Oh he can't win the big one.' And then he wins five. It's hard to win a championship."
It's been one playoff disappointments after another for the innovative coach.
D'Antoni shook up the game by introducing his fast-paced offense to the Phoenix Suns in the early 2000s. His Phoenix team in 2004-05 that was led by Steve Nash won 62 games before losing in the Western Conference finals. A year later the Suns won 54 games but were sent home in the conference finals again. In 2006-07 the Suns won 61 games, but were ousted in the conference semifinals.
In 2005 and 2007 they were eliminated by the San Antonio Spurs, who went on to win the title.
The 2007 season is the last one in which D'Antoni advanced past the first round. In his last three trips to the postseason, 2008 with Phoenix, 2011 with the Knicks and 2013 in Los Angeles, he's managed just one win combined .
He isn't daunted by his postseason misfortune, and is looking forward to changing things this year.
"We'd like to put that to rest," D'Antoni said. "I would personally, but everybody would, too. So that's what we're going to work for."
The Rockets are off to a good start.
Houston rolled to a 1-0 lead in their first-round series against Oklahoma City with a 118-87 win on Sunday night .
The series-opener was a reflection of D'Antoni's success this year.
He has revived his coaching career and put the Rockets back in contention in his first head coaching stint since resigning from the Lakers after going 27-55 in 2013-14. Under his tutelage, Houston shook off last year's disappointing season where it finished eighth in the West and was eliminated in the first round. This year they have the third best record in the NBA.
Perhaps most important to Houston's success was D'Antoni moving James Harden to point guard. The change elevated the five-time All-Star from an elite player in the league to one of its best.
Harden had 22 triple-doubles and finished with 29.1 points, 11.2 assists and 8.1 rebounds — all career-highs — to help Houston to 55 wins a year after the team won just 41 games.
"It's a dream come true," Harden said of playing in D'Antoni's system.
He went on to explain why he believes D'Antoni has been so successful this season.
"He's confident in what he has," Harden said. "He's been doing it for so long he knows that what he does and what he brings to the table works. And his personnel — we just go out there and compete for him and try to win as many games for him."
Though relying heavily on 3-pointers has long been a hallmark of D'Antoni's offense, he's taken it to another level in Houston. The Rockets set an NBA record this season by making 1,181 3-pointers.
Houston finished the regular season with three of the top 10 3-point shooters in the league. Harden was third with 262, Eric Gordon ranked fourth with 246 and Ryan Anderson made 204 for ninth place.
His work in not only improving the Rockets overall, but getting the most out of his roster has made him a leading candidate for coach of the year.
"What he's so good at is really giving his players confidence and belief in what they're doing, and they're obviously believing," Warriors coach Steve Kerr said. "They're having an amazing year, and my guess is that Mike will get the trophy. He's earned it."
His players certainly feel the same way. They not appreciate his work with them on the court, but the vibe he created in the building from the moment he took over after the players struggled through a season where Kevin McHale was fired after just 11 games last year.
"He doesn't look at you as a number, he looks at you as a player," Patrick Beverley said. "He talks to you, you have conversations. You get a coach like that who not only cares about the basketball part but you as a person and as a man you're willing to run through walls for him and as you can tell that's what we've been trying to do this season."
D'Antoni is excited to see just how far this team can go. He isn't surprised by its success, but there are occasions where he steps back to think about just how thankful he is for this opportunity.
"You just appreciate them every day," D'Antoni said, "and it keeps growing."
———
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
A Wearside repair specialist is expanding nationally after landing a major contract with energy supplier npower.
The five year deal will see 0800 Repair deliver a range of Energy Company Obligation (ECO) services nationally as sole provider to npower, including boiler installations, and loft and cavity wall insulation.
This is a landmark moment in 0800 Repairs short history, which has accelerated our national ambitions significantly Phil Pallister
Established as a subsidiary of Pacifica Group in 2010, Rainton Bridge-based 0800 Repair has operated throughout Northern England and will now extend its coverage across mainland England, Wales and Scotland.
The deal will mean at least 30 new jobs within Pacifica Home Services, taking staff to more than 90 people and turnover to more than £20million. Pacifica Group's revenues will also rise to more than £40million.
Phil Pallister, managing director of 0800 Repair, said: “This is a landmark moment in 0800 Repairs short history, which has accelerated our national ambitions significantly.
“The contract win will also lead to the creation of further jobs within Pacifica Home Services, boosting our strong network of professional heating engineers and installers, and I am delighted we have secured this partnership with npower.”
Pacifica Group is one of the UK's largest providers of home services and product warranty, handling more than 4,000 jobs per week and employing more than 380 staff. The Group comprises Pacifica Home Services, Pacifica Appliance Services and UK Warranty.
Kevin Brown, group managing director of Pacifica Group, added: “The deal with npower will vastly support the Group's long-term growth strategy and support the creation of numerous jobs, as we look to increase our workforce to meet national demand and enter new markets.”
Robert Harper, npower's head of commercial partnerships, said the Pacifica Group has “consistently delivered excellent customer service achieving first-class customer satisfaction scores, as well as good value for npower.”
New NDP leader Jagmeet Singh has his sights firmly set on the next federal election, and his path to the prime minister's office runs through, well, everywhere.
The Ontario MPP took the helm of the federal party after a first-ballot victory in the long-running leadership race last weekend. Although Singh hasn't conclusively ruled out running in a byelection for a seat in the House of Commons—he's said he's open to advice on the matter—he has repeatedly suggested he plans to use the months before the 2019 contest to meet voters across the country.
The NDP currently has 44 MPs in the Commons, so the party will have to add a significant number to stand a chance of forming government at the federal level for the first time. Singh sees promise all across the country, particularly in the big cities. “We're definitely going to pick up seats in Atlantic Canada again,” he said in an interview with Maclean's this week. He also pointed to the NDP's long history in the Prairie provinces, and hopes to win back seats in Quebec, specifically in Montreal. There has been considerable conjecture as to the party's ability to garner support in Quebec with Singh as leader; it's where he's headed next, to Montreal as well as to campaign in the upcoming Lac-Saint-Jean by-election.
While the party's history gives him hope of success in some areas, in others he is drawing on his own personal connections. “Lots of endorsements in B.C. [in the leadership race],” he says, pointing to the time he's spent in downtown Vancouver as well as suburban areas.
The ring of ridings around Toronto has been an increasingly important electoral battleground in recent contests, with the current Liberal and previous Conservative majority both relying on sweeps of the region. Singh is targeting it, and the city core, as well. “Toronto is where I have incredibly strong roots,” he says. “That's going to be an area of growth for us for sure.”
Singh was similarly optimistic about the Peel region in the 2015 election, campaigning for the federal party there and telling the National Post that the communities who had previously voted Conservative “are going to move away from the party.” They did—just to the Liberals, with the NDP not managing even a second place finish in any of the 10 ridings in Brampton and Mississauga. As to why that happened, “I [want] to say something cheeky like, ‘I wasn't leader yet,‘” Singh jokes.
His real answer is that the NDP's campaign failed to connect with voters. “More than anything, people respond to a message, a campaign, that evokes emotion [and] really speaks to the hearts of people,” he says. “That's something that I do.” Just as important as policy—the list he has taken to repeating includes inequality, climate chance, reconciliation and electoral reform—is communicating it in a personal, inspiring way.
In his victory speech, Singh referenced the need to combat what he called “the growing politics of division.” These forces are separating communities that have a lot in common, he believes. “Most people are in a position where they're working, they're worrying about the future, they're uncertain about their children's future,” Singh says.
He sees the politics of division being practiced on the right, and cites Donald Trump as “probably the best example, or the worst example.” The U.S. president, Singh says, is pitting the working poor against each other even though their interests are aligned.
The NDP will have to run against Justin Trudeau's Liberals and Andrew Scheer's Conservatives in 2019. The former is practicing the “politics of niceties and good words,” Singh says, while the latter “is going to play into some of the more divisive politics.”
Singh also thinks the government's controversial proposed changes to the small-business tax regime frame the issues in a divisive way, instead of advancing “progressive” and “fair” taxation. “[Trudeau is] not really going after folks that can truly make the investments that we need to make,” the NDP leader says, claiming that fixing the use of tax havens and CEO stock option “loopholes” would yield $8 billion, versus the estimated $250 million from the government's controversial proposed changes to the small business tax regime. “He's framed it in a kind of way to besmirch or attack entrepreneurs, farmers, and small businesses, and kind of muddied the waters around something incredibly important.”
MORE ABOUT JAGMEET SINGH:
LAS VEGAS -- The UFC has crowned a new bantamweight champion -- and perhaps its next mega star.
Cody Garbrandt claimed the 135-pound title -- and defeated the best fighter in the history of the division -- at UFC 207 on Friday, out-pointing Dominick Cruz in a five-round title fight. The championship bout co-headlined the pay-per-view event inside T-Mobile Arena.
The victory comes less than two years after Garbrandt made his UFC debut as a relatively unknown 23-year-old. All three judges scored the bout in his favor: 48-46, 48-46 and 48-47.
The fight featured an emotional buildup, with Cruz and Garbrandt going back and forth in the days prior. On Thursday, there was a minor physical altercation between Garbrandt and Cruz's teammate and UFC featherweight Jeremy Stephens.
"I thrive on that fire," Garbrandt said. "That's what I grew up in -- fighting. That's all I know. I don't know anything else but fighting. Hats off to Dominick and [his team] Alliance MMA for making me a better fighter tonight. He's tough as hell."
Fighting out of Team Alpha Male in Sacramento, California, Garbrandt entered the contest on a run of three consecutive first-round knockouts. His best shot ahead of the bout seemed to be one big punch, but he proved capable of meeting Cruz in every area.
In the opening moments, he slipped several Cruz punches, then shuffled and smiled. The taunting continued throughout. He pointed at Cruz after knocking him down in the fourth round, repeatedly placed his hands on his hips and talked in Cruz's direction.
Cruz's reputation is built on being unpredictable, but Garbrandt seemed to know where he was at every step. He buckled him with a right hand in the third round and then dropped him multiple times in the fourth. He opened a massive cut over Cruz's left eye with punches.
Cruz's eyes rolled back after one right hand and he appeared to go out momentarily.
Originally from Ohio, Garbrandt is a former amateur boxer. His father spent much of Garbrandt's childhood in prison.
Garbrandt walked to the Octagon with Maddux Maple, a little boy he befriended years ago who was battling leukemia. The two made a promise Maple would defeat the disease and Garbrandt would win a UFC championship. Maple's cancer has gone into full remission.
The win sets up a potential fight between Garbrandt and T.J. Dillashaw, a former champion and teammate. Dillashaw defeated John Lineker via unanimous decision at UFC 207.
For more than three decades, Henry's House of Coffee has been an Outer Sunset staple, with master roaster Henry Kalebjian at the helm, along with his son Hrag, who has managed the space with him for the last five years.In addition to learning the fine art of crafting dark roast and Armenian-style coffee, being designated a San Francisco legacy business and supporting the Children of Armenia Fund , the business was recently tapped to join Facebook's 2018 US Small Business Council The social media giant offers "resources and education" to more than 60 small businesses. In return, the entrepreneurs help the platform improve their "tools and solutions."Via phone, Hrag Kalebjian said his invitation to Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park "was an opportunity to learn about how Facebook works and to meet other small vendors there," he said.While on the campus, organizers conducted video interviews with small business representatives and asked them to provide advice for their counterparts who might be struggling to get a small business off the ground.Facebook then selected several winners from the video interviews--including the younger Kalebjian--and invited the group back at a later date to meet with advertising specialists who support small businesses that use Facebook."Unbeknownst to me," Kalebjian said, "they were building a small business council with twelve, hand-selected small businesses to be leaders in their communities. They were not only looking at people that run good businesses, but those that are also bridging communities together."Part of the goal, he added, is learning how to connect small businesses that use facebook to create real-world communities of independent entrepreneurs."I had the rare opportunity to spend a few days at the headquarters and through this program, I will continue to learn from Facebook and they'll be learning from me--all as part of the mission to grow my business," he said.The businesses come from all over the country and will provide constructive feedback on some of the social media giant's newest products and initiatives, though Kalebjian said he isn't allowed to speak about them just yet.Now, he has "some tips and tricks for finding success on Facebook" that he aims to share with other small business owners."I'm now part of an elite group were we share best practices and have access to a lot of Facebook managers and their network. I have the expertise to help people grow so as communities evolve, the whole ecosystem benefits. I wish to share that," said Kalebijian. "I have a platform for that now, especially in San Francisco."The Small Business Council meets yearly at Facebook to learn about "a lot of things that are coming out and in the works, we have calls to head over to play with their product team, and we'll be constantly connected to Facebook to learn how to help others grow their business," he added.Kalebjian invited neighbors and other merchants to visit his cafe to try some of its responsibly-sourced coffees and learn more about growing a small business through social media."The biggest thing about being in the Sunset, because it's very much a bedroom community, is right off the bat to let people know where we are and what we're doing," he said.
French President Emmanuel Macron has come under fire over his stance on a range of issues since coming to power in May (AFP Photo/Lionel BONAVENTURE)
Paris (AFP) - Emmanuel Macron, the 39-year-old former investment banker who was catapulted to the French presidency in May, faces widespread disillusionment as he prepares to mark his first 100 days in office.
The man shown walking on water on the cover of The Economist magazine after his startling rise has seen his approval ratings nosedive, with only 36 percent of respondents giving him the thumbs up in one recent poll.
The French are "falling out of love" with Macron, the right-leaning daily Le Figaro headlined Sunday.
No French president has seen such a steep drop in popularity so early in his rule since Jacques Chirac in 1995.
Macron, who shot to power on May 7 promising to overcome France's entrenched right-left divide, has since come under fire for his labour reform programme, budget and public spending cuts as well as a plan to create an official First Lady position for his 64-year-old wife Brigitte.
France's youngest ever president is especially out of favour with civil servants after vowing to put a brake on their salary increases.
Macron "must come down to earth and assume the political cost of his decisions," leading pollster Jerome Fourquet told AFP.
Proposed defence cuts -- part of a plan to trim 4.5 billion euros ($5.3 billion) to bring France's budget deficit within EU limits -- led to a public row last month with the head of the French armed forces, General Pierre de Villiers.
- 'Honeymoon is over' -
Macron rebuked him for questioning the wisdom of cuts at a time the army was in action in the Middle East and west Africa as well as at home. De Villiers resigned a few days later.
"The honeymoon is over between Emmanuel Macron and the French," wrote editorialist Laurent Bodin in the wake of the spat.
The stars aligned for Macron to sweep to power on a promise of change less than a year after he quit the deeply unpopular Socialist government of Francois Hollande, dogged by a sluggish economy and stubborn unemployment.
On the right, a fake jobs scandal torpedoed the presidential hopes of early conservative front-runner Francois Fillon, leaving the centrist Macron to square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
His victory over the populist Le Pen was deceptive, as it came with a record low turnout and followed a first round in which only one in four voters picked Macron.
In June, Macron's Republic on the Move party and its centrist ally MoDem won a comfortable majority in parliament -- but after garnering less than half the vote, also on a historically low turnout.
- Holding his own -
Macron has fared better on the diplomacy front, proving himself a match for US President Donald Trump in the handshake department and holding his own with Russia's Vladimir Putin.
And amid anguish over Brexit, Macron's committed pro-EU stance has roused hopes of a revival of the Franco-German axis that forged European integration and created the world's biggest trade bloc.
Macron has fulfilled a key campaign promise, winning passage of legislation to clean up politics following a series of scandals, and tough new anti-terror measures are in the pipeline.
But prominent right-wing politician Eric Woerth scoffed that "nothing difficult has been done yet".
Government spokesman Christophe Castaner has sought to deflect criticism of his boss ahead of Tuesday, which will mark 100 days since the election.
The president has "laid the foundation of a deep transformation of our country," Castaner said in a Facebook post on Sunday.
The young president will come back from summer holidays to face protests against his labour reforms, with unions calling for strikes and marches while the radical left France Unbowed party plans a "people's rally".
Parliament this month adopted a bill allowing the government to fast-track changes to the labour code to give employers more power to negotiate directly with their employees.
- Brigitte a bright spot -
One bright spot for Macron is the overwhelming popularity enjoyed by his wife Brigitte, who has taken to her role with aplomb, shrugging off chatter about the 25-year age gap with her husband.
Always poised and smiling, often sporting above-the-knee Louis Vuitton dresses, the svelte blonde who was once Macron's drama coach will "play a very active role alongside her husband, who will benefit from her incredible popularity," wrote the Paris daily Le Parisien.
Women have been lining up outside stores of Swedish clothing giant H&M in the French capital to buy T-shirts emblazoned with her name, it reported.
burs-mw-gd/txw
Another day, another Hollywood director bashing comic book movies.
Earlier this year it was Jodie Foster comparing the genre to “fracking,” and before that Roland Emmerich called them “silly,” but now James Cameron is the latest offender. In an interview with Indiewire, the director said he was hoping that audiences would develop “Avengers fatigue” in order to make room for new films.
“Not that I don't love the movies,” Cameron said. “It's just, come on guys, there are other stories to tell besides hyper-gonadal males without families doing death-defying things for two hours and wrecking cities in the process. It's like, oy!”
It seems rather ironic that Cameron is making this point; the director has plans to release four Avatar sequels and has confirmed that a sixth Terminator movie is in the works. Maybe if the director, who hasn't released a movie in nine years, spent more time making movies than giving interviews we'd be seeing some newer stories on screen, but I digress.
His attitude, like many other Hollywood performers and filmmakers, is far more tiring now than any number of comic book movies put out because it undermines the brilliant storytelling in these films of recent years, which are only the tip of the iceberg of what has been translated from the page to the screen.
The expansive comic book universe, from Marvel to DC and beyond, means there are so many characters and narratives that have yet to be given the cinematic treatment and some of the more niche stories would offer original storytelling. We've seen Millarworld comics like Kick-Ass and Kingsman brought to life, Atomic Blonde is getting a sequel, Ridley Scott himself is “knee-deep” in adapting Queen & Country for the big screen and even Cameron has been working on an Alita: Battle Angel movie since Fox acquired the rights to the Manga comic in 2000.
View photos Danai Gurira, Chadwick Boseman, Chris Evans, Scarlet Johansson and Sebastian Stan in a scene from Avengers: Infinity War (Chuck Zlotnick/Marvel Studios via AP) More
There is obviously a global appetite for these types of movies and to continually bash them is to also undermine the audiences who choose to spend their money on seeing them on the big screen. Directors are more than aware of the concept of supply and demand and clearly, the likes of Disney, Fox, Sony and Warner Bros. are going to continue to supply comic book movies while there is a global, lucrative demand for them. Surely that's the reason why Cameron is planning to turn Avatar into a five-movie franchise and continue the Terminator one too, otherwise, *he* would making the original stories he thinks comic book movies should be making room for.
His comment about “hyper-gonadal males” certainly feels outdated too. Maybe that was the case for the comic book movies of the early 21st century, but now we're seeing that the genre has adapted and evolved, just like horror, sci-fi and other film genres have too since their first iterations.
Logan, Wonder Woman, Spider-Man: Homecoming, Deadpool, Thor: Ragnarok and Black Panther are films that are both narratively and visually stunning and have taken the comic book movie in a far more progressive and explorative stylistic direction.
The “No Man's Land” scene in Wonder Woman is an emotive work of art while the score in Thor: Ragnarok is an electrifying soundtrack to the brilliantly choreographed action sequences. Black Panther brought a layer of Afrofuturism to the genre that lifted its politically-charged narrative to ingenious heights as did Logan, which wove Western sensibilities into its superhero make-up and earned an Oscar nomination for its nuanced efforts.
These movies have also started to open the door for more diversity in film. Logan's Laura (AKA X23) is a Latina superhero who is set to star in her own solo movie. Spider-Man: Homecoming and Thor: Ragnarok cast women of colour – Laura Harries as Liz, Zendaya as MJ and Tessa Thompson as Valkyrie – in originally white roles. Black Panther featured a nearly entirely black cast, with a predominantly black production crew led by black director Ryan Coogler, and has overtaken Titanic as the third highest grossing movie at the North American box office.
TAIPEI(Taiwan News)- The Geminids is coming back; it will peak on the night of 13 Dec and the morning of 14 Dec.
The Geminids are associated with the near-Earth object 3200 Phaethon, an asteroid that may have undergone a collision with another object in the distant past to produce the stream of particles that Earth runs into — creating the meteor shower.
The asteroid orbits the sun every 1.4 years. It occasionally comes close to Earth and passes very close to the sun, inside of Mercury's orbit and only 0.15 astronomical units from the sun.
The Geminids are considered one of the best meteor showers every year because the meteors are bright, and the peak can see meteors stream across the sky at rates as high as 120 meteors in an hour.
You can catch the Geminid meteor showers with merely your bare eyes.
Police and emergency personnel responded this morning to the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York to investigate reports of an "explosion."
Interested in New York? Add New York as an interest to stay up to date on the latest New York news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
The Port Authority is a transportation hub where buses and trains operate from the west side of Midtown Manhattan.
This is a breaking news story, please check back for updates.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
"It's official," Mayweather said on his Instagram account next to a video poster of both fighters.
"THE FIGHT IS ON," McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together over the last few days, and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though Las Vegas oddsmakers have made Mayweather a heavy 10-1 favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
The fight will be televised on pay-per-view on Showtime and would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
Thomas Gunderson shot in the leg during the Las Vegas massacre on Sunday found the strength to stand for President Trump when he visited recovering victims in the hospital earlier this week.
The president and first lady Melania Trump visited Gunderson, who was among the more than 500 people wounded at the Route 91 Harvest Festival last weekend, at the city's University Medical Center on Wednesday, where they posed for photographs and chatted.
RELATED: Donald and Melania Trump visit Las Vegas following music festival shooting
The 28-year-old from Newport Beach, California, took to Facebook shortly after to post a video of the encounter which later went viral, writing: “I will never lie down when the President of this great country comes to shake my hand!
“There may be plenty of issues in this country but I will always respect my country, my president, and my flag. Shot in the leg or not, I will stand to show my president the respect he deserves!”
Since then, Gunderson has received an overwhelming amount of positive responses and well wishes. But the survivor has also received a lot of negative reactions from Facebook users who were critical of his choice to stand for the president.
SEE ALSO: US veteran steals truck, saves dozens after Las Vegas shooting
"Should have saved his energy. Hopefully, he's able to heal fast and return home before that 'great president' makes it impossible for nearly everyone to have healthcare," one user wrote, while another simply posted: "Oh don't turn your back to him phew!!!"
View photos
View photos
Some even saw Gunderson's choice to stand as a political statement after NFL players across the league chose to kneel during the national anthem to protest racial injustice.
​​​​​
View photos
View photos
View photos
Gunderson responded to critics in a separate post later this week, in which he said he prepared his family beforehand for the "backlash and hateful comments" he expected after the viral video and called out commenters he claimed wanted to "cause divide."
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
American Speed Company
The multi-award winning Speed33 all-steel body of Michigan-based American Speed Company is a rod like few others. The Speed33 features a number of innovative hot rod features, including the first modern, fully integrated convertible top in a '33, the first full substructural design for maximum body rigidity, and is conducive to traditional hot rod appeal in both fenderless and full-fendered configurations. Other distinctive features include power door glass windows and a polished stainless curved windshield assembly. The all-steel convertible has a larger passenger cabin over the stock original version and can be mounted on any original '33-'34 chassis. American Speed's latest line of off-the-shelf components now includes grilles, IP clusters, and interior trim kits, among other components. American Speed's turnkey builds feature classic hot rod looks, yet provide the reliability and convenience of everyday modern vehicles. Prior to the start of your project, look up American Speed. The shop is open.
American Speed Company
(734) 451-1141
americanspeedcompany.com
Dearborn Deuce
The Dearborn Deuce convertible was awarded Best New Product at SEMA in 2004. The stylized '32 roadster body was redesigned around a fully disappearing convertible top and a larger cockpit. It also has more legroom and will fit on any chassis built to stock dimensions. The Dearborn Deuce body, built in Detroit, comes complete with a convertible top fully finished, power windows installed, polished stainless windshield and stanchions, floor, firewall, dash, transmission cover, and complete weatherseal kit. Traditional styling with the modern convenience of side glass and a convertible top that goes up in 14 seconds when there's a sudden change in weather.
Dearborn Deuce
(860) 669-3232
dearborndeuce32.com
Woody's Hot Rodz
Are you searching for a car representing American steel and horsepower? Do you want to cruise in a hot rod making your hair stand on end when you hit the throttle? You have come to the right place: Woody's Hot Rodz, the Tri-Five Experts. Woody's takes the hassle out of building and owning a piece of classic Americana. They've made it easy with all-new Tri-Five Chevy bodies!
The '55 and '57 bodies are Chevrolet Performance Licensed. All-new bodies are available as sedan, hardtop, or convertible. Complete bodies are carefully hand-assembled in the USA by a team of experienced Tri-Five experts. Woody's reproduction bodies are fully assembled and welded, with more high-strength welds than the originals. Careful attention is paid to every detail of the fit and finish. Features corrosion-resistant, high-strength steel with a white epoxy coating throughout and is ready for final bodywork and paint.
Woody's Hot Rodz
(855) 567-1957
woodyshotrodz.com
Steve's Auto Restorations
Steve's Auto Restorations (SAR) in Portland, Oregon, offers a '33-'34 roadster and roadster pickup. The bodies are built using die-stamped 18- and 16-gauge sheetmetal components that are assembled in precision fixtures by SAR's experienced craftsmen. Bodies are fully welded and feature full internal steel reinforcements, fit and hung doors featuring “bear jaw” latches and strikers, recessed firewall, floor, hinged decklid, smooth cowl top, and stock-style door hinges. Both bodies are designed to fit a stock frame but will also fit many aftermarket frames as well. SAR will also once again be offering complete fender packages for '33-'34 coupes, roadsters, cabriolets, and sedans. Visit Steve's online for further information product release dates.
Steve's Auto Restorations
(503) 665-2222
stevesautorestorations.com
United Pacific
'32-'34 Ford Truck steel door shells have both the outer skin and inner support. Every detail of the original door shells accepts the original door latches, window regulators, window guides, and glass, including holes for the door handles and door lock on R/H door. Black EDP coated.
B21015 L/H
B21016 R/H
United Pacific
(562) 912-2858
uapac.com
United Pacific
The new'32-'34 Ford Truck Cab Body Shell is stock height and includes both doors with door latches and the rear cab hardwood inner structure. The body shell is black EDP coated. Firewall and dash sold separately. Officially licensed Ford Restoration product.
B21000-A / With Working Cowl Vent
B21000-B / Without Cowl Vent
United Pacific
(562) 912-2858
uapac.com
Michael Barclay is the author of The Never-ending Present: The Story of Gord Downie and the Tragically Hip.
Alanis Obomsawin has won every award possible in Canada over the course of her 46 years making documentaries for the National Film Board—incredibly, the 85-year-old is now working on her 52nd film. So you'd be forgiven if you didn't know she was also a musician. But she's more than that: she's an unbelievably captivating performer who can hold an audience of hundreds spellbound with just her voice and a single drum. That's exactly what she did at the National Arts Centre this past February at the Megaphono festival, where she performed a 15-minute set that was one of the most powerful performances I've ever seen in my life: part Edith Piaf, part PJ Harvey, entirely herself.
That performance was a celebration of Native North America, a 2014 compilation of lost music made in the '70s and early '80s by Indigenous Canadians (and one Alaskan). There are no women on that record. When it came out, I asked curator Kevin Howes why that was; he told me that outside of Buffy Sainte-Marie, there were barely any female performers writing their own material at that time, except Obomsawin, that is—but Howes told me she wanted to reissue her music herself.
Obomsawin started performing in Montreal in the early '60s, where she hung out with Leonard Cohen. She performed in Yorkville cafés in Toronto, was an early supporter of Buffy Sainte-Marie, once played 64 shows in a month-long tour of residential schools on the Prairies, performed frequently in prisons, and booked an Indigenous stage at the Mariposa Folk Festival in Toronto for nine years running in the 1970s. Her musical career is almost as impressive as her filmography, and yet it's a secret side of Obomsawin that few even know about—until now.
On June 15, Montreal's Constellation Records will reissue Obomsawin's one and only album, 1988's Bush Lady, on the occasion of its 30th anniversary. Much like another 1988 debut record by a woman who would never record a full-length again—Mary Margaret O'Hara, who produced Miss America—Bush Lady is an astounding, genre-blurring work with an otherworldly female voice at the centre. It sounds remarkably contemporary, and not at all out of place on the same record label that birthed iconoclasts like Godspeed You! Black Emperor and Colin Stetson.
READ MORE: An essay by Obomsawin on what drives her
It's a record so nice, she made it twice. First, in 1985, for the CBC, who paid her a mere $250 to make it. She then took the basic tracks and, in 1988, added sparse yet lush woodwinds, arranged by jazz vibraphonist Jean Vanasse, to augment her voice and drum. That version was pressed independently, though it was never properly marketed because the celebrated filmmaker got frustrated selling it on consignment at Montreal shops. Boxes of her vinyl record gathered dust in her closet. In 1990, she started working on what would become her most acclaimed film, Kanehsatake: 270 Years of Resistance. Music went on the backburner.
Then, in 2016, a young NFB employee named Frédéric Savard saw Bush Lady's album cover in the film board's office and asked about it. One thing led to another, and a year later, Savard started selling them on her behalf, passing a copy on to Radwan Moumneh of Constellation Records. Obomsawin was invited to play a 2017 festival in the Netherlands, and despite not singing in public for decades, she performed Bush Lady live for the first time, with local musicians playing the arrangements on a bill with punk rockers, world music artists, hip-hop acts—and Mary Margaret O'Hara herself. “I had not done a concert in many years,” says Obomsawin, still marvelling at the experience. “I still sing a chant or two, but not a full concert, which is what I did. I don't mind telling you that I was so scared before getting on the stage.”
It was rapturously received, and Constellation offered to reissue the album. For her, the only sadness was that the man who helped her make it, violinist Dominique Tremblay—whose droning arrangement enhances the two-part title track—had died only recently, in 2015. In addition to scoring several of her films, including 1988's No Address—a film about Indigenous migrants to Montreal struggling to survive in an urban environment, not unlike the title character of the song “Bush Lady”—Tremblay played a key role in the most memorable musical moment of Obomsawin's career, on a night when the two of them used song to stop a riot.
It's a remarkable story, especially in the hands of a storyteller of Obomsawin's talents. The year was 1975, and she was covering the protests against the James Bay hydroelectric project, which would flood 11,500 sq. km of Cree land. She helped program a series of consciousness-raising concerts at various venues, including a show at Places des Arts that she captured for her film Amisk, and the Québecois poet Claude Péloquin showed up at one event at Concordia to read a piece.
“It was horrible,” says Obomsawin. “It said things like, ‘There are no more Indians. They eat beans out of a can just like we do. They don't hunt anymore. There is going to be a dam.' ” At the next show, at the 4,000-seat Arena Paul Sauvé, Péloquin showed up and wanted to read again. Obomsawin wasn't having it. “I said, ‘Well, I'm sorry, but that poem is going to create a war. I do not want him here.' ” Péloquin promised not to read that particular poem. “He came on,” says the still audibly annoyed Obomsawin, “and the first thing he did was say, ‘The people in charge don't want me to recite my poetry, and I have this poem and they're against it.' And he started reciting the poem. I was so scared, I thought there was going to be a riot. There were a lot of Indigenous people in the audience.
“Then the sculptor Armand Vaillancourt ran to the stage—it was a high stage, with no stairs, he looked like a spider getting up there, I don't know how he did it—he grabbed the microphone from Péloquin and said, ‘That's not true what you're saying! There are Indian people here, and it's their territory,' and there was this big fight on the stage. [Security] guys came on and removed the two of them. I'm standing in the sidelines watching this and I am so disturbed. Someone said, ‘Alanis, you gotta go on! You're the only one who can stop this riot!' They practically pushed me on the stage with my drum. I was shaking, I was so nervous. All this noise in the audience: people yelling, chairs moving.
“I start playing my drum and start singing slowly. I was still full of very deep feelings. It got quiet and people sat down. Dominique Tremblay then came on the stage and started playing violin with me. I could see his hands shaking. I will never forget this as long as I live. It was so beautiful. He had accompanied me before, but I cannot explain the feeling I had this night. I really felt he understood my feelings when I'm singing, and what I was talking about.” Sadly, there's no film footage of that particular show, although she does have the audio.
The life story of Alanis Obomsawin is just as fascinating as any of her film's subjects. Which prompts the obvious question: Has she ever considered turning the camera on herself or writing a book? “There is a lot of pressure on me to write a book—which I will, if I don't drop dead beforehand,” says the lively octogenarian. “Starting in September, I'm getting organized to start doing that. Every month someone wants to make a film about me or write about me. I want to write my life myself. It will happen.”
MORE ABOUT MUSIC:
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Jaclyn Alexa Edison, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, along with Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman t...
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - The son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend are charged with hiring someone to kill his father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in, authorities said Wednesday.
Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy and Jaclyn Alexa Edison, who are 19 years old and live together in College Station, were arrested Tuesday on a count of criminal solicitation to commit capital murder, Travis County sheriff's officials said. They remained in jail Wednesday, with Shaughnessy's bond set at a $3 million and Edison's at $1 million. Neither had an attorney listed in online jail records.
According to investigators, Shaughnessy's mother, Corey Shaughnessy, called 911 in the early morning hours of March 2 to report an intruder in the home of her and her husband, Theodore Shaughnessy. Deputies sent to the home found Theodore Shaughnessy dead of multiple gunshot wounds. A family dog was also killed. Authorities say the plot called for Corey Shaughnessy to be killed as well, but she was physically unharmed.
The shooter hasn't been caught, but sheriff's spokeswoman Kristen Dark said in a statement that detectives "are following new leads in the case." She declined to elaborate when later reached by phone.
Theodore Shaughnessy was the owner of Gallerie Jewelers in Austin. The company had posted on its Facebook page in late April that, "We are happy to announce that Nicolas, Ted's son, will be carrying on his legacy here at Gallerie."
An obituary for the elder Shaughnessy published in the Austin American-Statesman said he was "a proud father to his son, Nicolas."
In the months before the shooting, Nicolas Shaughnessy approached multiple people asking if they were willing to be paid to kill someone, investigators allege in an arrest affidavit. He estimated that he'd receive some $8 million from the life insurance policies for his parents, from the sale of their home and sale of the jewelry store.
Authorities say they found ammunition in the defendants' home that matched casings found at the crime scene.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Shubhankar Sharma won his first European Tour title by a shooting 3-under 69 Monday in the final round of the weather-delayed Joburg Open.
The 21-year-old Indian resumed his round on the eighth green after play was halted early Sunday afternoon because of storms. He parred that hole, birdied No. 9 and made par on every hole on the back nine.
Sharma finished at 23-under 264, three strokes ahead of the pack, and qualified for next year's British Open, too.
"I actually wasn't going to come here about a week ago ... so I'm really happy that I came," said Sharma, who shot 61 in the second round. "I don't think I'm ever going forget my first time in South Africa."
Erik van Rooyen (66) was second, three strokes ahead of Shaun Norris (65) and Tapio Pulkkanen (68).
Editor's note: Breaking views are thoughts from individual members of the editorial board on today's headlines.
Over the past week, the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen conducted a series of bombings killing dozens of innocent people, including children. But, compared to Assad's reported use of chemical weapons in Syria, this news has received relatively little attention.
Late Sunday, the Saudi-coalition bombed a wedding party, killing more than 20 people and wounding dozens more. Reports have placed the death toll between 33 to as high as 50, with most of the victims being women and children. A separate strike reportedly killed a family of five and on Monday the Saudi-led coalition bombed a gas station, killing 18 people and injuring 13 more.
Unfortunately, this isn't the first time the Saudis have killed so many civilians in such a short time period. Last December, they killed 68 civilians in a single day. In 2016, they bombed a funeral and killed 140 people.
All the while, the United States has supported the Saudi war in Yemen with arms sales, logistical support and refueling assistance.
Maybe the difference in outrage between the Saudi attacks and Assad's reported killing of dozens of people with chemical weapons earlier this month comes down to the choice of weapons, with a uniquely strong international condemnation of chemical weapons in particular.
But perhaps beyond that, there's the inconvenient reality that the mainstream media and most American politicians don't like to acknowledge, which is America's routine complicity in heinous acts of violence, including Saudi Arabia's killings of dozens of civilians in the past few days.
A few have spoken up, including Sen. Chris Murphy from Connecticut.
We sell them the planes and the bombs. We provide intel and help them select the targets. We refuel their planes mid attack. There is a U.S. imprint on every civilian death in Yemen. https://t.co/8YaseJpVdn — Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) April 23, 2018
But, unfortunately, it seems the American media establishment, like Congress, doesn't care that we're helping the Saudis commit round after round of atrocities in Yemen – all without congressional approval. That's just what the United States does, apparently.
How many more people need to die? How many innocent people can the Saudis kill and still be considered an ally? What does it take for Congress to do its job?
Sal Rodriguez is an editorial writer and columnist for the Southern California News Group. He may be reached at salrodriguez@scng.com
Jessica Molina has not seen or heard from her husband since March, when Mexican marines broke through their door in Nuevo Laredo and took him and a friend away.
Molina, a U.S. citizen, said Wednesday that her 41-year-old Mexican husband, Jose Daniel Trejo Garcia, is a mechanic with an established business in Laredo, Texas, where they live. They were only in Nuevo Laredo because she had recently had surgery in Monterrey and was returning to have stitches removed.
The office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on Wednesday called on the Mexican government to "take urgent measures to stop the wave of forced disappearances in Nuevo Laredo and surrounding areas" and said "there are strong indications" that they were committed "by a federal security force."
The U.N. office documented the disappearance of 23 people since the start of February in Nuevo Laredo and said there could be many more. While it did not name those missing, Trejo Garcia is among those counted by the non-governmental Nuevo Laredo Human Rights Committee.
"We have documented 56 forced disappearances from Jan. 20 to May 21," said Raymundo Ramos, president of that group. "The majority are attributed to personnel from special operations of the navy."
Mexico's National Human Rights Commission said it had received complaints concerning the disappearance of 31 people since February, seven of them under 18, and was investigating those cases.
Neither Mexico's navy, which has contributed marines to the country's fight against drug violence, nor the Interior Department, which is in charge of domestic security, immediately responded to requests for comment.
Tensions were high in Nuevo Laredo when Trejo disappeared on March 27.
On March 25, marines had been ambushed three times by gunmen. One marine was killed and several wounded. During the third clash, a helicopter was called in. A family's car driving through a shootout was hit and a mother and two of her children were killed. The father and one boy were wounded, but survived.
The navy initially denied responsibility, but after an expert concluded the fatal shots came from above, it admitted its helicopter accidentally killed the civilians.
Molina said the marines who interrogated her and her husband at 1:30 a.m. on March 27 asked if they knew about what had happened in the helicopter incident. The couple explained why they were in Nuevo Laredo. Her husband showed them the business cards for his auto repair shop, but they took him away without any search warrant or arrest order, she said.
"They were aiming at our heads the whole time," she said. "They can deny what happened, but what I saw were well-trained, uniformed personnel."
The next morning she filed a report with the Attorney General's Office and the National Human Rights Commission. She went to the marine base, but they denied knowing anything about the incident.
Now Molina has joined with other families to search for hidden graves along the dirt roads surrounding Nuevo Laredo. This week they were accompanied by Federal Police for the first time, she said.
Among the cases documented by the U.N., were the disappearances of 21 males and two females, including at least five minors.
According to statements to U.N. investigators, the disappearances typically occur at night while the victims are walking along or driving on roads. Sometimes their burned and bullet-riddled vehicles are found on roadsides.
"Many of these people would have been detained arbitrarily and disappeared while going about their daily lives," said U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein. "It is particularly horrific that at least five of the victims were minors, three of them very young, only 14 years old. These crimes, perpetrated during four months in only one municipality, are outrageous."
According to federal data, there have been more than 6,000 registered disappearances in Tamaulipas since 2006, more than any other state. Earlier this month, protesters demanding government action about disappearances blocked a major commercial bridge connecting Nuevo Laredo with Texas.
Last week, Molina and other families met with a captain from the navy who promised to give them access to the marines' base and help them in their search, but there has not been any follow-up, she said. The navy is the primary security presence in Nuevo Laredo where the Northeast cartel, an offshoot of the Zetas, dominates.
"If the navy is here to protect us, what are they doing to avoid these disappearances?" Molina said. "How can this be happening in spite of their presence here?"
——
Associated Press writer Maria Verza contributed to this report.
According to the Energy Department's Energy Information Administration, wind and solar produced 10 percent of the electricity generated in the U.S . for the first time in March. The Hill reports:
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest on Russia's response to the satirical film "The Death of Stalin" (all times local):
11:30 p.m.
A Moscow movie theater that had been showing a satirical film about Soviet leader Josef Stalin in defiance of an official Russian government ban has canceled further screenings.
The announcement came several hours after Moscow police visited the Pioner theater on Friday. Police didn't declare the purpose of their visit, but it followed the Russian Culture Ministry's warning that the theater could face sanctions that included fines.
The ministry this week rescinded the permit allowing Scottish writer-director Armando Iannucci's "The Death of Stalin" to be shown in theaters after communists and others criticized the movie as a mockery of Russian history.
The Pioner theater said on its Facebook page that pre-purchased tickets would be refunded and "for all further questions, we ask you to turn to the Ministry of Culture."
___
5:10 p.m.
Police officers have shown up at a Moscow movie theater that screened a satirical film about Soviet leader Josef Stalin in defiance of an official Russian government ban.
Moscow police didn't immediately declare the purpose of their visit to Pioner theater on Friday, but it followed the Russian Culture Ministry's warning that the theater could face sanctions in line with the law.
The ministry this week rescinded the permit allowing Scottish writer-director Armando Iannucci's "The Death of Stalin" to be shown in theaters after communists and others criticized the movie as a mockery of Russian history.
Pioner ignored the decision and has been screening the film since Thursday. Showing an unlicensed movie is punishable by a fine.
Stalin remains widely admired in Russia, despite his brutal purges that killed millions.
After a week's postponement, the proposal to recognize Havat Gilad as an official community will be brought to a vote at the cabinet meeting today.
Havat Gilad was founded 15 years ago, on land legally purchased and privately owned by Moshe Zar, but did not obtain official Interior Ministry recognition as a Judea and Samaria community and therefore the government does not invest in it.
Havat Gilad resident Rabbi Raziel Shevach, 35, was murdered on January 9 in a terror attack near his hometown. He is survived by his wife and six children, the youngest of whom is ten months old.
"We vowed to build the land of Israel," says Agriculture Minister Uri Ariel (Jewish Home) ahead of the meeting. "After the terrible murder, I asked the prime minister to approve Havat Gilad in the most legal way, and the people who live there should be given all the rights that the citizens of Israel deserve, just as they serve in the IDF and fulfill all their obligations as citizens. The government is committed to begin building and other activities that will strengthen the community, Samaria, the people of Israel and the Land of Israel. "
Gila Gamliel (Likud), the Minister for Social Equality, adds: "We are at a historic moment when a sympathetic American government sees with us eye to eye on the new regional reality emerging in the region. After 50 years of settlement and a half million residents, the time has come to say loudly: ‘We are here to stay!' A strong Israel is the solution to regional peace and stability."
"The appropriate Zionist response, without any connection to the attacks, is to strengthen Jewish settlement in the Land of Israel over all of its territory. I support the prime minister and defense minister who lead the important move," she said.
It should be noted that alongside the support for the declaratory move, there are those who wonder whether it is not lacking details on the pace of implementation vis-a-vis the authorities and the allocation towards recognizing the community officially. Arguments in this spirit that came up last week from both the Right and Left reinforced the claim that the declaration would not be implemented in practice.
NEWBURY, England--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--Kahootz, a UK based cloud collaboration service provider, is pleased to announce the signing this month of two G-Cloud contracts, one with the Department of Health & Social Care (DHSC) and the other with NHS England (NHSE). Both agreements allow these organisations, and all their Arm's-length Bodies (ALBs), to call-off Kahootz Enterprise user licenses using preferential discounted partnership terms.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005237/en/
The UK National Health Service are now in Kahootz with their partner agencies, suppliers and key stakeholder groups. (Photo: Business Wire)
Following a review of their requirements and competing services available via the UK Government's Digital Marketplace, DHSC have decided to re-sign with Kahootz for a third G-Cloud contract term. Under their previous agreements, Kahootz collaboration sites have been deployed by the NHS Business Services Authority, NHS Digital, NHS Improvement, Public Health England, the Health Research Authority and NHS England. With assistance from these organisations, over 42,000 users across the UK health sector are already in Kahootz with each other, and this number is likely to double this year.
“When we initially short-listed, and subsequently contracted, Kahootz in 2014 we specifically requested an option for all of our ALBs to benefit from shared terms.” said Bob Armstrong, DHSC's Head of Technology Services. “I'm very pleased to see the impressive adoption rates and popularity of the Kahootz collaboration service throughout our partner agencies. It's certainly helping to empower our staff and stakeholders to find new ways to work together across the UK health sector.” Bob added, “We are also delighted to hear NHS England are keen to make the service more widely available across their ALBs to improve team working and knowledge sharing, locally, regionally and nationally.”
The new NHS England contract builds on the successful roll-out of Kahootz to support team-working, across geographies and organisations, on all of the Prime Minister's Challenge Fund and NHS Vanguard projects. With an increasing number of requests from other NHSE project areas, an independent audit by Agile Elephant of the futureNHS collaboration platform (powered by Kahootz) was commissioned last year which calculated a first-year net operating benefit of £1.5m, rising to £8.9m in Year 2. The evaluation report provided a strong evidence base for the need for a collaboration platform in health and social care.
“The futureNHS platform is a secure, cloud-based collaboration platform that was initially intended to support the NHS new care models programme but is being used for much more and further programmes now,” stated Agile Elephant founder and CXO David Terrar.
“It gives them a single platform that spans boundaries and siloes in NHS, local government and third sector organisations, bringing people together to help deliver integrated care. It provides a new way of sharing learning and developing policy collaboratively, giving them intelligent knowledge management where stakeholders can work more effectively together in one place.”
Speaking on behalf of Kahootz, John Glover, their Sales & Marketing Director, commented “With these two call-off contracts in place Kahootz are now in a great position to help collaborations and service transformation right across the health sector and beyond by making it quicker, easier and more cost effective for NHS England and the Department of Health and Social Care to involve their suppliers, partner agencies and key stakeholders. We look forward to working with them to achieve these goals.”
Please contact us for further background or interview contacts at DHSC, Agile Elephant or Kahootz.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005237/en/
CONTACT: Kahootz
John Glover
Sales & Marketing Director
john.glover@kahootz.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM EUROPE
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT NETWORKS SOFTWARE TELECOMMUNICATIONS HEALTH PUBLIC POLICY/GOVERNMENT OTHER GOVERNMENT MANAGED CARE
SOURCE: Kahootz
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 11:27 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 11:26 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005237/en
The Ethiopian marathoner crouched down low in the hallway at the Miami airport as he carried a bouquet of red roses.
Feyisa Lilesa's daughter spotted him first and ran in for a hug. Then, his young son and lastly his wife.
On Valentine's Day, the Olympic silver medalist who became an international figure when he crossed his wrists in protest at the finish line in Rio de Janeiro finally reunited with his family. He was a little late (traffic), but what's a few extra minutes when he's already waited six long months to see them.
As he made his way out of the airport, his son perched on his shoulders and his daughter rode on the luggage, carrying the flowers he brought as a gift.
"The biggest gift is us seeing each other again — and me seeing them again," Lilesa said through a translator in a phone interview Tuesday. "It's all been very tough."
The 27-year-old eventually settled in Flagstaff, Arizona, after making an anti-government gesture during the Olympic marathon that drew global attention to the deadly protests in his home region of Oromia. He never returned home after Brazil out of fear of what might happen to him. He's constantly been worrying about the family he left behind in Ethiopia. His nearly 6-year-old daughter, Soko, and 3 ?-year-old son, Sora, always asked when they will see him again.
Finally, he was able to answer.
Lilesa remains in the U.S. on a special skills visa. His family arrived on visas as well, secured through his attorney.
The plan now is this: A few days of beach time and then it's off to Flagstaff where the family will settle into everyday life in their rental house.
One weight off his mind.
Still, he can't forget what his country is going through, with the Oromia region experiencing anti-government protests over recent months. Violent anti-government protests spread to other parts of Ethiopia and led to a state of emergency that was declared in October.
Since his gesture, many have described Lilesa as a national hero.
"My mind is pretty much occupied by what is happening back home," Lilesa said. "Whether I'm running or I'm sleeping or I'm laying back, my family and what is happening in Ethiopia — and what is happening to my people — that's constantly on my mind."
Most days since his arrival in America have been spent training. It was his best cure for loneliness.
"I come from a very big family, and I've never lived alone," Lilesa said. "I've always been surrounded by people I know. This has been the complete opposite. Here, I'm removed from all of that."
Still, he would protest all over again.
"I think me taking the risk and putting family in that position and putting them potentially in harm's way, it was a good lesson for a lot of people that you need to sacrifice in order for you to win some concessions and change your situation," Lilesa said. "In that sense, it inspires people to fight for their rights and resist the government in Ethiopia. It also led to greater awareness about the situation in Ethiopia.
"Now, you see more coverage of the human rights violations. I speak with people wherever I go. Even outside the media limelight, people are interested in knowing. They heard the story because of my protest."
Someday, he would like to go back to Ethiopia.
"But as long as this current government is in power, I don't have hope of going back to Ethiopia," he explained. "I do know change is inevitable."
He also wants to compete at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Whether that's wearing the colors of Ethiopia, he doesn't know.
"I'm not too hopeful the system will be changed in the next three years and I will be in a position to run for Ethiopia. We will have to wait and see," said Lilesa, who plans to run in the London Marathon in two months.
For now, Lilesa's priority is getting his family settled.
"I knew that we would meet somehow, but I didn't expect it would happen under these circumstances over here," Lilesa said. "When I think about my family, it takes me back to why I did this and why I'm here. I missed my family, but this was a big bother to me — the plight of my people."
———
AP Photographer Wilfredo Lee in Miami contributed to this report.
Manchester City, Manchester United and Liverpool will be relatively content after being paired with Basel, Sevilla and Porto respectively in the draw for trhe last 16 of the Champions League.
Chelsea were handed the toughest test in the draw as they were paired with five-times European champions Barcelona.
Having finished second in their group behind Roma, Antonio Conte's men were hoping for a potential tie against Besiktas but instead came out against Lionel Messi's band of superstars.
Tottenham were also handed a questionable reward for finishing ahead of Real Madrid in their qualifying group as they were paired with last year's runners-up Juventus.
The remaining three ties pit Real Madrid against Paris St Germain, Shakhtar Donetsk with Roma, and Bayern Munich against Besiktas.
The draw is not what Chelsea wanted after Conte conceded that the defence of their Premier League crown was over after this weekend's defeat to West Ham.
But he will hope to invoke the memory of their remarkable win over the Catalan giants in 2012, when a late goal from Ramires saw them reach the Champions League final on away goals despite the earlier dismissal of John Terry.
Spurs, meanwhile, can expect to face a sterner test than that posed by Juventus in their last meeting in a pre-season friendly at Wembley in May, which the North Londoners won 2-0.
City will no doubt be delighted to land Swiss outsiders Basel.
But they will have good cause to be wary against their experienced opposition, who beat both United and Benfica on their way to qualifying as runners-up from Group A.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A clear majority of Americans believe President Donald Trump has tried to interfere with the investigation into Russia's alleged election meddling and possible Trump campaign collusion, a new poll shows. Just one in five support his decision to oust James Comey from the FBI.
Following Comey's blockbuster appearance before Congress, an Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll shows 68 percent of Americans are at least moderately concerned about the possibility that Trump or his campaign associates had inappropriate ties to Russia. Almost half of Americans saying they're very concerned. Only 3 in 10 say they're not that concerned.
Americans largely view the issue along partisan lines. Sixty-two percent of Republicans say they're not very concerned or not at all concerned about any Russia ties. Though just over half of Americans say they disapprove of Trump's firing of Comey, the number grows to 79 percent among Democrats. Overall, only 22 percent of Americans support Comey's dismissal.
For Sandra Younger, a 50-year-old from San Diego, Comey's exit reinforced her suspicion "something fishy" was going on with the president and Russia. She said it was inappropriate to fire Comey given that he was overseeing the Russia investigation.
"If I had nothing to hide and someone wanted to investigate, I would say, 'Go ahead, do your thing, I don't care, because you won't find anything,'" said Younger, a Democrat who imports jewelry supplies. She added of Trump: "He seems to be buddy-buddy with these epic creeps."
But William Shepherd, a maintenance worker from Anderson, Indiana, felt it was the president's prerogative to choose his FBI director. He said he was untroubled by claims Trump tried to persuade Comey to back off the investigation, saying those revelations only emerged after Comey was fired and wanted to defend himself.
"These headlines don't really concern me, although they are attention-grabbers," said Shepherd, a 40-year-old Republican.
Of the six in 10 Americans who think Trump tried to obstruct or impede the investigation, most are Democrats and independents. Only a quarter of Republicans feel Trump meddled in the probe.
The poll began the day before Comey testified publicly before the Senate intelligence committee and continued through Sunday. Three percent of interviews were conducted before the hearing.
For many Democrats, there's some irony in coming to Comey's defense and embracing his concerns about Trump. Last year, Democrats aggressively attacked Comey for his handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation, with many calling for his firing.
Now that Trump is president and Comey has emerged as a top Trump antagonist, some former Comey critics see his willingness to go after the leaders of both political parties as proof of his independence.
"I've not ever been a particular fan of Mr. Comey's," said James Shaw, 53, of Olney, Illinois, pointing to the Clinton saga as a key reason. "But he's an honest broker. I don't think he's politically motivated. I don't think he's partisan."
Trump's reference to the Russia probe as a reason for firing Comey bothers Linda Richardson, 62 — but not enough to second-guess his decision. Richardson, who said she's a registered Democrat but has voted Republican for years, said Trump might have had other reasons, too.
"I guess you feel like you just need to trust your president," said Richardson, a retiree from Meade County, Kentucky. "He just knows more about it than I do."
Americans are mixed on whether the Justice Department investigation, now led by Robert Mueller, can be fair and impartial. Twenty-six percent are very or extremely confident it can be. Thirty-six percent are moderately confident and an equal share of Americans aren't very confident or are not at all so.
Mueller, the former FBI director, was put in charge of the investigation after Trump fired Comey and public pressure mounted for a special counsel to take over. Comey later testified that he'd authorized a friend to disclose to the media his notes on conversations with Trump about the investigation, in hopes that it would lead the Justice Department to name a special counsel.
The poll shows the public relatively unsympathetic to those leaking information about the investigation. Fifty-four percent say they're doing more harm than good by potentially damaging national security. Forty-two percent think they're doing more good by giving the public necessary information.
In general, 29 percent of Americans say they have a great deal of confidence in the people running the FBI. Fifty-two percent have a moderate amount of confidence and 18 percent have hardly any confidence. Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say they have a great deal of confidence in the FBI, 38 percent to 24 percent.
___
The AP-NORC poll of 1,068 adults was conducted June 8-11 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.
Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods, and later interviewed online or by phone.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP and Emily Swanson at http://twitter.com/el_swan
___
Online:
AP-NORC: http://www.apnorc.org/
lizabeth Sellers
Elizabeth Sellers, age 78, a native of Geneva and a resident of Palm Beach Gardens Florida, passed away at her home on Friday, August 18, 2017. Elizabeth was born on November 25, 1938 in Geneva County to the late Eula Mae and Perce Sellers.
She was retired from Pratt and Whitney of West Palm Beach, Florida after 42 years of devoted service.
She was preceded in death by her parents, five sisters; Bernice VanLandingham, Virginia Oaks, Lillian George, Eunice Knowles and Wilma Sands; three brothers: Hollis Sellers, Collis Sellers and Floyd Owens.
Survivors include one sister: Essie V. Spikes, Geneva, Alabama; three nieces; Phyllis Atherton (Mark), Palm Beach Gardens, Florida; Deana Oaks, Jensen Beach, Florida; Patti Phipps (Dennis), Geneva, Alabama; three nephews, Keith Spikes, Palm Beach Gardens, Florida; Darrin VanLandingham (Jessica), Hoover, Alabama; Kevin VanLandingham (Kelly), Blacksburg, South Carolina; Grandnieces and Grandnephews, Kristen Atherton, South Windsor, Connecticut; Linsey Phipps, Hoover, Alabama; Chase Phipps, Murfreesboro, Tennessee; Kylie VanLandingham, Tuscaloosa, Alabama; Morgan VanLandingham, Hoover, Alabama; Ceara VanLandingham, Blacksburg, South Carolina; and Cole VanLandingham, Williamsburg, Virginia; one great, great niece and two great, great nephews.
After Roseanne Barr posted a tweet comparing a former adviser of then-President Barack Obama to an ape, she later apologized in multiple tweets and said she made the racist comments while impaired by the pharmaceutical sleep aid Ambien.
In now-deleted tweets, she said, "It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended."
Another tweet she wrote said she was "not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien- cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc."
Matt Petit/ABC via Getty Images
The manufacturer of Ambien, Sanofi-Aventis, admitted there are side effects to the sleep medication, but said in a tweet, "People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
So what exactly is Ambien?
More than a third of U.S. adults report that they do not get enough sleep, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Since its arrival in 1993, the drug Ambien has become one of the most widely prescribed, and studied, sleep-aid medications.
Ambien is the brand name for the drug zolpidem tartrate. It is part of a class of drugs called sedative-hypnotic, known to depress the central nervous system and promote sleep. It is also a schedule IV controlled substance under federal regulation because it can be abused or lead to dependence.
When is Ambien prescribed?
Ambien is indicated for short-term treatment of insomnia, a disorder in which one has difficulty with falling asleep, staying asleep or waking up too early. Doctors are recommended to re-evaluate Ambien prescriptions if the insomnia continues after seven to 10 days because that may indicate an underlying psychiatric or medical illness.
Getty Images
What are the most common side effects?
Four percent of users reported side effects over the first 10 nights, including drowsiness, dizziness and diarrhea. The higher the dose, the higher the risk of side effects.
What are the serious side effects of Ambien?
Ambien does have more serious physical risks, reported in about one percent of users in studies. These risks include allergic reactions like swelling of the tongue or throat, trouble breathing, nausea and vomiting.
What about behavioral side effects?
Ambien can cause abnormal thinking, behavioral changes and affect complex behaviors like driving a car. Less than one percent of people in studies reported sleep-driving, sleep-walking, preparing and eating food, talking on the phone, having sex and having hallucinations while not fully awake, according to Sanofi-Aventis -- and they do not usually remember these events.
Like any depressant, Ambien can also lower inhibitions. The use of alcohol and other depressants increases the risk of all of these behaviors. Although the FDA received more than 700 reports of Ambien-impaired driving, it was unclear what dose or time the medication was taken and if alcohol and other drugs were involved. Ambien has also been known to increase anxiety and depression, as well as suicidal thinking and behavior.
Since Ambien is a central nervous system depressant, its use can also decrease alertness and ability to walk. It is known to cause falls and lead to hip fractures. Studies show poor recall after waking.
Sima Patel, M.D., is a third-year physical medicine and rehabilitation resident at the University of Minnesota who works in the ABC News medical unit.
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of his parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in his city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," he said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Eminem for the PBS crowd? Why not. As long as this nudges us forward to a world where the P-Pals do “Purple Pills,” we're happy to be along for the ride. Ladies, please don't fight. P-Pals are here all night!
Aardvark doofus and fist clencher extraordinaire Arthur embraces his inner Em (but not his Slim Shady) in this tidy lil' mashup combining the animated kids series with the rapper's post-drugs ballad. Stitched together by Mylo the Cat, Arthur spits out NSFW lines and powers through that “feed it beans” chunklet like a trooper with twenty years of TV experience. Funzos for all! Are there wardrobe charges in this thing? You better believe it, Buster. Leather jackets, trench coats and trademark eyewear all weasel (aardvark?) their way into the mix with winning results.
Clocking in at roughly 90 seconds, this interpretation of “Not Afraid” chugs along efficiently without wearing out its welcome or ending with Arthur threatening to decapitate Clifford. Sensible approach. (Chance The Rapper would approve.) There's a strong possibility that this clip will double as an unlikely soundtrack for some panicky New Year's resolution sit-ups, so we wish you the bellyfire of Arthur in 2017. Just don't make us get out of bed.
Michael Riordan met his wife Jennifer in a shopping mall 29 years ago. He was 17 years old. She was just 15.
Interested in Airlines? Add Airlines as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Airlines news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Last week, Michael's world changed when he learned Jennifer had been killed on Southwest Flight 1380 after an engine failed 32,000 feet above the ground on April 17.
Jennifer, a 43-year-old bank executive and mother of two, was partially sucked out of the plane's window, despite wearing her seat belt. Her fellow passengers were able to pull her back inside of the aircraft but were not able to save her.
Jennifer became the first person to die in an accident on a U.S. airline in nearly 10 years.
Michael sat down with ABC News in his hometown of Albuquerque, New Mexico, to share how he learned about Jennifer's death and how he broke the news to their young children.
It began with a phone call from the chaplain at the Philadelphia hospital where Jennifer's body was taken after the flight made an emergency landing.
Joe Marcus/Twitter
"The chaplain at the hospital called and said, 'We need to speak with Mike Riordan who is married to Jennifer. Are you married to Jennifer Riordan?'" Michael said. "I said, 'Yes, but she wasn't going through Philadelphia. She was planning on going to Chicago so I don't think you --' just absolute denial. I'm still in denial."
The chaplain told Michael he was going to have the doctor call him. Before the doctor got through, however, Michael was able to search for news online that could have affected Jennifer.
"I saw one passenger brought to the hospital, like, 'OK, but the whole plane didn't crash,'" he said, adding, "I was like, 'She can't be injured that bad she's just in a hospital, but I can get out there and I can hold her hand and love on her.'"
AP
Two minutes later, Michael said, the doctor called and told him they were sorry and had tried everything they could to save his wife but she didn't make it.
"I immediately thought of the kids and how do you tell your kids their mom was gone," Michael said, referring to the couple's young son and daughter. Jennifer had planned to meet the family at their son's baseball game that Tuesday night after her flight from New York.
Instead, Michael drove to his children's school, where he brought them into a chapel to share the news.
"I just held their little hands and took a knee and said, 'Mommy's not going to come home guys,'" he said.
On Sunday, hundreds of people turned out to mourn Jennifer's passing. Michael said it was the first time he had felt peace since her death, being in the presence of those who loved her and were touched by her life.
Michael told ABC News he has avoided listening to news reports about the incident and Southwest's response, choosing for now to only concentrate on his children.
Obtained by ABC
Southwest Airlines Chief Executive Officer Gary Kelly expressed gratitude that no one else was seriously injured, but described the passenger's death as a "tragic loss."
"This is a sad day, and our hearts go out to the family and loved ones of the deceased customer," Kelly said during a press conference April 17.
Kelly said he was not aware of any issues with the Boeing 737, which was last inspected on Sunday. No issues with the plane or engine were reported at that time, he said, calling the Boeing 737 the "workhorse of the airline industry."
In a statement, Boeing expressed its "deepest condolences" to the victim's family.
NTSB investigators will continue the investigation in Washington, D.C., where in 12 to 15 months they are expected to announce a probable cause and more safety recommendations.
Meanwhile, airlines are under an order to quickly inspect engines like the one that failed on Flight 1380.
ABC News' Martha Raddatz's conversation with Michael Riordan will air on an upcoming episode of ABC News' “20/20.”
ANAHEIM – Sami Vatanen was back with the Ducks on Sunday night after an illness knocked him out for three games, so that meant Brandon Montour would watch the game against Philadelphia from the press box instead getting a third straight game.
The key thing now is Montour remains in Anaheim and wasn't back on the road down to San Diego, where the Ducks' American Hockey League affiliate resides. Vatanen's return had the Ducks bouncing Shea Theodore back to the Gulls.
Theodore got back in the lineup Thursday against Vancouver, logging 13 minutes of ice time in his hometown and leaving a favorable impression on Carlyle. But Carlyle also said Sunday that this demotion is more about the bigger picture with Theodore, who has a minus-10 rating in 21 games and whose play was uneven in his latest stint.
“We felt Shea played well in the last couple games,” Carlyle said. “Specifically the last game probably was his best game, which is difficult for a young player to understand. We felt that some of the things that were the deficiencies from a defensive side of it – I don't think he was really playing the game that he's capable of playing.
“And our message was to go down there and work on [those] things. We put him in situations here – power play, which he's an offensive player. We expect him to skate and move the puck.”
To that end, Carlyle added that there is a plan for Theodore to return. Right now, it is also about seeing more of what they have in the top prospect Montour.
“We know he'll be back,” Carlyle said. “It's not a question of if, it's just when. And it gives us an opportunity to take a longer look at Montour here, who was recalled. Given him a couple games so far, and we'll have an opportunity for him to stay with our hockey club and practice with us.
“Kind of get more up to speed on where he's at in his development.”
Montour made his NHL debut Thursday at Calgary and played mostly with Cam Fowler in his two games. His ice time was much more limited in Vancouver and Carlyle went back to a regular six-defenseman rotation Sunday against the Flyers, leaving usual extra Korbinian Holzer in the lineup.
“I thought I played well enough to keep staying here,” said Montour, who was a bit surprised and thankful to remain in Anaheim. “Sami's back but Shea will go back there and dominate. I'm just looking forward to keep playing and continue being a part of these guys.”
Vatanen skated Saturday on his own and Sunday morning with the team, pronouncing himself ready. He had an assist and two shots on goal in 221/2 minutes of action.
“I'm just happy to play,” Vatanen said. “It's been a long couple of days staying inside my house. It's nice to get out from there and be with the boys.”
Vatanen didn't reveal much about how sick he was, other than to joke that he's getting old – which the Finn is fond of doing.
“I didn't move much, I have to say that,” he said. “I was in my house, just hang out there. Got a little boring.”
GETZLAF INJURED
Ryan Getzlaf played only one shift in the third period and none in overtime as the Ducks said their captain suffered a lower-body injury. It is unclear what the severity of the injury is as Carlyle didn't offer an update on the center after the game.
The Ducks are expected to practice the next two days before hosting Detroit on Wednesday in their second of a five-game homestand.
SAVING THE DAY
In making a career-high 51 saves, John Gibson tied the Ducks franchise record for a regular-season game that's also held by Mikhail Shtalenkov, Jean-Sebastien Giguere and Jonas Hiller. Shtalenkov did it on March 22, 1998, at Ottawa, Giguere did it on March 21, 2004, against Detroit and Hiller tied it on Dec. 19, 2008, at Edmonton.
Contact the writer: estephens@scng.com
Join up for the Island Independent Lifeboat Lotto and you could be bagging yourself the £3,000 jackpot next week.
The draw which took place this morning (4th July 2018) drew the following numbers.
Numbers: 1 – 10 – 17 – 19
With several rollovers now, this means that next week's jackpot has risen to £3,000.
Take part in the Island Independent Lifeboat Lotto
Taking part in the Lifeboat Lotto is easy. Simply complete the entry form and choose to pay by standing order either monthly, quarterly, six monthly or yearly. Choose four numbers between 1 and 31 or opt for the lucky dip.
The draw takes place every Wednesday morning (numbers will be displayed here OnTheWight) and if the draw doesn't result in a winner the money rolls over to the next week.
Sign up now
Simply complete the entry form and choose to pay by standing order either monthly, quarterly, six monthly or yearly. Choose four numbers between 1 and 31 or opt for the lucky dip.
Download the Form to print, complete and post back FREEPOST LIFEBOAT LOTTO.
If you have any queries, just get in touch with us and hopefully we'll be able to help.
Help raise cash for the Independent Lifeboats on the Isle of Wight.
Image: bartfields under CC BY 2.0
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Nine environmental groups are suing the U.S. government to prevent a land trade that could lead to construction of a road through a national wildlife refuge in Alaska.
The groups say a road through Izembek (EYE-zem-bek) National Wildlife Refuge on the Alaska Peninsula will harm internationally recognized habitat for migrating waterfowl.
The lawsuit says Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke lacks the authority to remove land from a refuge established by Congress. Zinke signed an agreement Jan. 22 to swap refuge land for private land.
A trade could lead to construction of a road between the communities of King Cove and Cold Bay.
King Cove residents say land access to an all-weather airport at Cold Bay will save lives of people needing emergency medical care.
The office of the
Pupils from Cowes, Nettlestone and Newchurch primary schools have completed their GoFISH training and are now fully equipped to defeat the Cyber Sea Monsters and help other pupils at their school stay safe online.
The 12 year five and six pupils have become the first Cyber Ambassadors on the Isle of Wight and are helping the Police and Crime Commissioner's Youth Commission to pilot this new peer-led scheme to tackle concerns about staying safe online.
Inform and educate
The aim of the Cyber Ambassador scheme is to enable skilled-up, informed pupils to educate and offer advice and support to their peers so they can make the most of the internet and stay safe. Cowes, Nettlestone and Newchurch are three of nine primary and seven secondary schools to have volunteered to take part in the pilot.
At the training on 4 October the children learned the sneaky tricks that cyber sea monsters Selphire (selfies) Meanataur (cyberbullying), Angler (searching), Info-Eator (privacy) and Bi-Diphorus (befriending) get up to and the ways they can help put a stop to them and the harm they cause.
PCC: “We all need to understand the risks”
Police and Crime Commissioner, Michael Lane said:
“Cybersecurity for all ages really matters. Our lives are increasingly played out online, with younger people in particular making the most of the benefits that technology can bring. However those who wish us harm are also increasingly using technology, they are clever and we all need to understand the risks these people and their activity creates.
“
Acting Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner, Flick Drummond, who attended the training on the Commissioner's behalf, said:
“This is an excellent programme which I hope will be rolled out through all schools in Hampshire, Southampton, Portsmouth and the Isle of Wight. Our children need more resilience than ever before to combat the ever increasing online threats.”
Image: Cowes School Ambassadors: Jack, Fin, Abby and Sumaiya – Newchurch School Ambassadors: James, Kai, Ellie and Tia – Nettlestone Schol Ambassadors: Emma, Caleb, Arthur and Evie
iBook charts for week ending January 28, 2018: (Rank, Book Title by Author Name, ISBN, Publisher :
iBooks US Bestseller List - Paid Books
1. The Woman in the Window by A. J. Finn - 9780062678447 - (William Morrow)
2. The Wife Between Us by Greer Hendricks & Sarah Pekkanen - 9781250130938 - (St. Martin's Press)
3. Forever My Girl by Heidi McLaughlin - 9780985008697 - (Heidi McLaughlin)
4. Fire and Fury by Michael Wolff - 9781250158079 - (Henry Holt and Co.)
5. Little Fires Everywhere by Celeste Ng - 9780735224308 - (Penguin Publishing Group)
6. Origin by Dan Brown - 9780385542692 - (Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group)
7. 12 Rules for Life by Jordan B. Peterson - 9780345816047 - (Random House of Canada)
8. Darker by E L James - 9780385543989 - (Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group)
9. Fall from Grace by Danielle Steel - 9781101884010 - (Random House Publishing Group)
10. xo, Zach by Kendall Ryan - No ISBN Available - (Kendall Ryan)
(copyright) 2018 Apple Inc.
____
(Museum of Appalchia press release) The Museum of Appalachia in Norris, Tennessee has announced that their annual Tennessee Fall Homecoming event has come to an end. The festival started in 1980 as a one-time event to recognize, display and celebrate the disappearing music and culture of the Southern Appalachians, but grew over the years into a multi-day event attended by tens of thousands of people annually.
According to the Museum's Board of Directors Chairman, Stephen Dean, the event had grown to the point of requiring more than three thousand hours to plan, promote and execute. “Homecoming was an enormous investment for a museum of our size,” Dean stated, “and if we lost a day of attendance due to weather, we simply could not make it up. Even if a Homecoming was successful financially, the amount of time and effort invested simply wasn't justifiable. We have to be responsible for the entire Museum's operation.”
The 38th and final Homecoming, held this past October, was one of their most well-received events. They introduced all-new evening concerts featuring artists like Lee Ann Womack and The SteelDrivers. As a result, they boasted record-breaking attendance and attracted new visitors.
“It was a wonderful send-off for this beloved festival,” said Museum President Elaine Meyer, daughter of Museum founder, John Rice Irwin. “We will always look back at Homecoming as a wonderful and important experience, not only for the Museum, but also for the thousands of visitors who attended over the years. But today, our mission to preserve and showcase the museum's significant historical collection of artifacts and stories must come to the forefront.”
However, that doesn't mean that the Museum will stop hosting entertaining and educational special events. Meyer said, “Discontinuing Homecoming will allow the Museum to host more activities and events throughout the year, because we won't be spending all of our time… planning for a single event.”
When asked if there would be a replacement for the Homecoming event, Meyer said, “Nothing can really replace Homecoming, but our plans are to find new ways for visitors to interact with and share in the rich culture that developed in Southern Appalachia. We look forward to announcing our list of special events for 2018 very soon.”
The Museum of Appalachia, an internationally acclaimed living history farm/village located 16 miles north of Knoxville, is home to a unique collection of early pioneer artifacts from the Southern Appalachian Mountains. A non-profit organization, the Museum's mission is to preserve Appalachian artifacts and instill in the community—regionally, nationally, and internationally—a greater knowledge of, and appreciation for, the Appalachian heritage. For additional information, call 865-494-7680 or visit the website, www.museumofappalachia.org.
A San Antonio woman has a warning for anyone thinking about putting their house for rent on Airbnb.Chelsey McGovern said one of her homes was trashed after a college student rented it in February.The student held a party with almost 300 guests, which left the home with broken windows, stains in every room and about $6,000 worth in damage."Red flags that I did not listen to ended up biting me in the butt," McGovern said.McGovern said she turned to Airbnb's million dollar guarantee for help.She said that so far, she's been reimbursed only about $3,200.
There's a new development on a lawsuit filed by a Baton Rouge police officer against activist, Deray McKesson and Black Lives Matter.
A hearing was held Wednesday, June 14 that could derail the whole case. In the lawsuit, the unnamed officer claims members of Black Lives Matter protesting the Alton Sterling shooting case in July hurled a rock at his face, knocking out teeth and hurting his jaw.
The officer also claims McKesson was in charge and was directing the July protesters. But a federal judge is now weighing the argument that Black Lives Matter is not a formal organization, and therefore, is not responsible for the actions of protesters.
The judge is expected to make a decision on whether or not the suit can move forward in the coming days.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Lakeside Park Beach in Port Dalhousie is looking like a beach again. After high water levels and flooding in the spring damaged the beach area and left it unusable for much of the season, people were back Monday enjoying a warm August afternoon of sunbathing, swimming and building sand castles.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The 2017 edition of The Lawyer's flagship event the General Counsel Strategy Summit brought together 92 senior in-house lawyers to discuss not only the latest legal challenges their business might face, but also the internal and external business dynamics that could impact and influence their company.
The 2-day event, taking place for the first time in sunny Spain, focused mostly on innovation and change: the changing environment, changing your status quo to drive innovation, getting the legal function to embrace change and protecting your business against change.
Find out more about The Lawyer's General Counsel Strategy Summit.
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — Police say a man was attacked outside a pub near Anfield before the Champions League game between Liverpool and Roma on Tuesday.
Merseyside Police said it was investigating a "serious assault." The man was attended to by police and needed treatment.
The incident took place 10 minutes before kickoff.
Around 20 civilians have been killed in week-long regime airstrikes on Yarmouk, a neighborhood of Damascus referred to as a "Palestinian refugee camp", the Turkish Anadolu news agency reported on Tuesday.
Several people were injured in the attacks, local sources told the news agency on condition of anonymity due to security concerns.
Easter was a family affair for Nick Cannon! The divorced father of three celebrated the holiday with Mariah Carey, their 5-year-old twins, and his new son. The festivities kicked off the night before the official holiday with Moroccan and Monroe partaking in some celebratory egg painting with their parents. “Easter with #demkids#moments #rocandroe #easter #family,” Carey captioned an adorable snap of the foursome mugging for the camera.
Her ex-husband shared his own pic of the event as well that featured the kids mid-activity. It's probably worth noting, however, that Monroe is too busy flashing peace signs to actually dye an egg in this shot. Someone thought ahead and covered the table in protective sheets (which look an awful lot like wee-wee pads for training puppies). Gold star for that genius, please! While an assortment of colors is used, green seemed to be the shade of the evening.
The former America's Got Talent host also shared a pic showcasing the whole family having a laugh while Mariah and Monroe reach for his hat. Not sure what's going on there, but it's safe to say everyone is having a grand time — and really, that's all that matters.
Even Mariah, clad in a very Mariah-esque sequined jacket for the art project, seemed to be relaxed and happy despite her recent breakup from backup dancer Bryan Tanaka. (ICYMI, the 47-year-old star and her 33-year-old beau ended their relationship earlier this month.)
Cannon, meanwhile, also spent part of the holiday with his newest child, Golden “Sagon” Cannon, whom he shares with his ex-girlfriend Brittany Bell. The little boy arrived on Feb. 21, and his dad made the most of their first Easter together, visiting the Easter Bunny and spending some time snuggling.
Even though he was only a few weeks old, the newborn had a pretty snazzy ensemble for the occasion, rocking an outfit that featured both a vest and tie. (He's very formal!)
Based on these pics, it seems safe to say that Nick and Mariah have found a way to make it work and co-parent after ending their marriage. Since their union ended, she has dated, gotten engaged, broken the engagement, dated again, and broken up again, and he has had a baby with another woman he's no longer with — yet they can still sit down at a table covered in protective pads and celebrate the holidays with their twins. As unlikely as it sounds, for the time being, Mariah Carey is giving us serious relationship goals.
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Nothing particularly new here.
After stumbling across a promotional vehicle that has grown well beyond its initial sentimental appeal into a marketing colossus, the NHL has regularly staged outdoor games since 2008, from snowy Buffalo to balmy Los Angeles.
What started as a one off novelty has become the league's regular season centerpiece, a New Year's day extravaganza that has become the NHL's signature event.
After the first Winter Classic in Buffalo the league was hesitant to even confirm there would be a second one.
Now 21 games later, the NHL will tell you the outdoor showcases are here to stay.
The Centennial Classic, won 5-4 by Toronto, marked the start of the NHL's 100th birthday celebrations and the outdoor game is a firm part of the league's future.
"This will be the 21st outdoor game, so they are here to stay," Steve Mayer, NHL executive vice-president, chief content officer told Reuters. "We all have to figure out the balance of how many.
"There are some years where there have been six and some years when there are three.
"There is a bit of a balance that we cannot do too many of these because we don't want to make it feel like it is not special."
The appeal of the outdoor game lies in the sport's roots, anchored by romantic nostalgia and wintery charm.
But after nearly a decade of taking it outside the NHL is looking at ways to keep the romance alive.
Games have been played in iconic sporting shrines like Chicago's Wrigley Field and Boston's Fenway Park.
There have been exotic settings such as Dodgers Stadium in Los Angeles and marquee matchups featuring the NHL's biggest draws, Sidney Crosby and Alex Ovechkin.
In 2014, the Maple Leafs and Red Wings faced off in front of a record crowd of over 105,000 at Michigan Stadium but for their Centennial launch the league chose a more intimate setting with 40,148 filling BMO Field.
What better way to get a year-long party started than outdoors in the city many consider hockey's biggest market.
"We always talked about the greatest thing about these outdoor games is that they take you back to being a kid whether you did it in the backyard or pond or lake or a frozen river," explained Hall of Famer and all-time scoring leader Wayne Gretzky.
"Some of the kids in our era, we played on outdoor rinks. We had elite games that were on rinks outdoors.
"That's what this brings back. Parents come to these games with their kids and they think about when they were kids."
Hockey fans are being served a big helping of hockey nostalgia to start 2017.
The Centennial Classic will be followed on Monday, Jan. 2, with the Winter Classic in St. Louis, where the Blues will face off against the Chicago Blackhawks.
The highlight of the NHL centennial, which will bridge this season and next, will come near the end of 2017 with the 100th anniversary of the founding of the league on Nov. 26 followed by the Dec. 19 anniversary of the first games.
In a bid to keep outdoor games fresh, Mayer says nothing is off the table, not even ruling out the possibility of taking the extravaganza to Europe sometime in the future.
"We are looking at all options and from the commissioner on down discuss what is the next best game, what's the next best place and how will it be unique," said Mayer.
"We are looking at all options, all places. I don't think there isn't any place we wouldn't go."
MARION, N.C. (AP) — The Latest on the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto (all times local):
10:20 a.m.
About 200 people in the North Carolina mountains have evacuated to shelters as authorities watch a dam threatened by flooding from the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto.
Emergency managers evacuated 2,000 people early Wednesday after determining the Lake Tahoma dam in western North Carolina could fail.
McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones says the dam hasn't failed, but inspectors are watching it.
A number of other roads in western North Carolina are closed by flooding or mudslides. Interstate 40 near Old Fort was closed for a time, but crews have cleared enough debris to open at least one lane in each direction.
Forecasters say Alberto's remnants can still bring flooding rains to the Southeast and nation's midsection.
___
11:20 p.m.
The soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection after downing trees, causing power outages and leaving scattered flooding around the South.
Forecasters say what's left of the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season is still capable of causing flash flooding.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami said Tuesday that as Alberto's weakening system moves inland Wednesday, it still remains a potential menace.
Flash flood watches were in effort for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Americans continued to feel confident about the economy this month, a good sign for consumer spending and economic growth.
The Conference Board, a business research group, says its consumer confidence index rose to 125.4 in January from a revised 123.1 in December.
The business research group's index measures consumers' assessment of current conditions and their outlook for the next six months. Their view of today's conditions slipped slightly, but their expectations for the future rose.
Economists watch the Conference Board report closely because consumer spending accounts for about 70 percent of U.S. economic output.
"Consumers remain quite confident that the solid pace of growth seen in late 2017 will continue into 2018," said Lynn Franco, the Conference Board's director of economic indicators.
Consumer spending rose at a 3.8 percent annual pace from October through December last year, the fastest pace since the spring of 2016. But Americans haven't been getting big pay raises, so they've had to dip into savings. The Commerce Department reported Monday that the savings rate dropped to 2.4 percent of after-tax income in December, lowest since September 2005.
"They're spending a lot more, but they are going into debt and saving less to do so," said Robert Frick, economist with the Navy Federal Credit Union. "There has to be a reckoning at some point." Either wages will rise faster, he said, or consumers will curb spending and put more money into savings or investments.
The U.S. House Intelligence Committee on Friday released a previously classified memo claiming that the Department of Justice (DOJ) abused critical surveillance authorities in order to damage President Donald Trump's campaign, reported The Hill.
Trump declassified the document earlier on Friday without redactions, despite fierce public objections to the move from the FBI, which warned that the memo contained “material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.”
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
"The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation," White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday, one day after the president asked Flynn to leave.
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday "there were no lines crossed" in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained "full confidence" in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
The White House shakeup, less than one month into Trump's tenure, marked another jarring setback for a new administration already dealing with tensions among top aides and a legal fight over the president's travel ban order. Flynn's firing also heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for "losing control" of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received "incomplete information" from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Top Trump advisers quietly met with Vice Admiral Robert Harward last week and spoke with the former Navy SEAL again Monday, the White House official said. Harward is seen as the top contender for the job, though former CIA Director David Petraeus and Kellogg, who has temporarily stepped into the role, are also under consideration.
Spicer said other "questionable incidents" had contributed to Flynn's firing. According to one person with knowledge of the matter, those incidents included Flynn seeking a security clearance for his son during the transition.
At the time, it was Pence who was again put in the position of defending Flynn on television, saying he had not sought a clearance for the retired general's son.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Kislyak on the day the Obama administration slapped sanctions on Russia for election-related hacking, as well as at other times during the transition. Spicer said Flynn was not discussing sanctions at the president's behest.
Before he resigned Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
"It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out," Flynn said. "It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that."
———
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
———
Online: https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3461508-Michael-Flynn-Resignation-Letter.html
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Vivian Salama at http://twitter.com/vmsalama
WASHINGTON (AP) — Two shipping containers full of hygiene kits languish for weeks in a Chinese port, unable to reach North Korea. They're intended for people with tuberculosis or hepatitis, not to advance nuclear or missile programs, but Chinese customs officers see something objectionable in the cargo: nail clippers.
As sanctions on Kim Jong-un's government intensify, the few aid groups operating in North Korea are facing sometimes bewildering economic restrictions and bureaucratic hurdles that could cripple life-saving work. While the U.N. Security Council says the penalties shouldn't affect humanitarian help, the Trump administration cites even North Korea's reported food and fuel shortages as evidence of a pressure campaign working.
The nail clippers were part of a consignment sent by Christian Friends of Korea, among the U.S. charities working in North Korea despite escalating nuclear tensions. The latest round of U.N. sanctions bans the supply of metal items, so that explains the clipper holdup.
It's not the only example. The American Friends Service Committee, another aid group, is struggling to deliver agricultural equipment such as threshers, compost makers and shovels.
"Sanctions should not have an impact on the well-being of ordinary citizens," said Linda Lewis, a member of the Quaker committee that's helped North Korean farmers for two decades. "This work should not be shut down for political reasons."
How do you pressure governments, short of war, to change their behavior without unduly injuring innocent civilians?
That's one of the biggest questions for the economists, foreign policy professionals and political leaders who devise and put in place economic sanctions around the world. U.N. penalties routinely include broad exceptions for most basic civilian goods. Even when the United States targets its most intractable foes, it exempts food, medicine and humanitarian supplies.
In the case of North Korea, which the U.S. and others want to rid of nuclear weapons, it's unclear whether the right balance is being struck.
Citing reports last week from Tokyo of scores of North Korean fishing boats, with dead crews, drifting into Japanese waters, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the sanctions are "really starting to hurt." The human suffering, he said, was North Korea's responsibility and an "unavoidable outcome" of its failure to help its own people.
Tillerson also doubted that humanitarian assistance, which South Korea is considering, would reach the right people in the North.
His remarks alarmed humanitarian advocates. But given that the alternative to the U.S.-led pressure may be military conflict, the Trump administration is getting much leeway from international partners and the public over how the sanctions are affecting North Korea's 25 million people. Recent visitors to the isolated country say fuel prices have risen, but food supplies don't seem any scarcer. They anticipate conditions to worsen in the coming months.
Three times in the past year, the U.N. Security Council has tightened economic restrictions on North Korea, cutting fuel supplies and banning trade in the goods that make up 90 percent of the North's export revenue. The latest round, designed to punish a North Korean long-range missile test, prohibit selling the North iron, steel and other metals. That covers nearly 150 different categories of products, covering everything from stainless steel ingots to spoons and paper clips.
For U.S. aid groups, tiny operations already hindered by myriad requirements from U.S. authorities, the new rules are causing headaches. The groups need special export licenses from the departments of Commerce or Treasury; special U.S. customs inspections of their cargo; and State Department waivers to travel to North Korea. They also must contend with reluctant banks and suppliers, fearful of being fined for any transaction related to North Korea.
In the case of the nail clippers, Heidi Linton of the Christian Friends of Korea, which supports more than 30 tuberculosis and hepatitis care centers, said its routine shipment of hygiene kits was stuck this month in the northern Chinese port of Dalian for two weeks. Finally, Chinese customs gave special permission for the shipment to proceed. Without that decision, Linton would have had to pay people to individually unpack the metal nail clippers from several thousand kits for the two containers to be cleared.
"To what purpose?" asked a relieved and grateful Linton, who now wonders whether her group can import a replacement clutch for its vehicle in North Korea. It needs other metal items for renovating clinics and for clean water projects.
Lewis, from the Quaker aid group, echoed the sentiment.
"Now we can't even send shovels, anything made of steel," she said. Her group helps four cooperative farms in North Korea and had no problem with shipping basic agricultural equipment just a few months ago.
Lewis joked that the specific prohibition covering shovels must be an "excessively conservative interpretation" of dual-use technologies that are targeted in U.N. sanctions because they can have both peaceful civilian and lethal military uses. It's unclear what specific military use a shovel has.
For North Korea's civilians, the aid groups play a crucial role. The U.N. works on child health care and provided food for more than 800,000 North Koreans last year. "Sanctions may be adversely affecting that essential help," U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein told the Security Council last month.
The country is in far better shape than the famine years of the 1990s, when hundreds of thousands starved to death. But 70 percent of the people still suffer food insecurity, and 2 in 5 are undernourished, according to the U.N. The aid group Care International calls it the world's most under-reported humanitarian crisis.
Most governments refuse to help.
The U.S. last gave aid to North Korea a decade ago. Few others are stepping up when North Korea's Kim is being almost universally lambasted for plowing his impoverished nation's sparse resources into weapons.
The United Nations' $114 million humanitarian appeal last year, mostly for children and mothers, was only 30 percent funded. In November, the World Food Program was compelled by a money shortage to exclude 190,000 children from a program that offers cereal and enriched biscuits to the hungry.
China had long resisted the U.S. pressure to use all its economic leverage on North Korea. It's unclear why authorities are now interpreting the rules so strictly. The U.N. resolutions on North Korea specify they're "not intended to have adverse humanitarian consequences."
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying acknowledged the problems with humanitarian aid resulting from the North Korea sanctions, but said her country "always completely and strictly implements Security Council resolutions."
____
Associated Press writers Joe McDonald in Beijing and Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
The US government might come with a new move where it could stop allowing spouses of H-1B visa holders to work legally in the United States. If this really happens, it may affect more than 70,000 H-4 visas holders having the work permits in US. H-4 visa is a work permit which are acquired by the spouses of H-1B visa holders.
If this really happens, it may affect more than 70,000 H-4 visas holders having the work permits in US | Image for pictorial representation
In a possible move by the US government which could affect Indians working in the nation, President Donald Trump's administration might stop allowing spouses of H-1B visa holders to work legally in the United States. According to reports, lawmakers in the US have been informed about this by a top federal agency in the country.
If this really happens, it may affect more than 70,000 H-4 visas holders having the work permits in US. The system dates back to former US President Barack Obama's regime.
H-4 visa is a work permit which are acquired by the spouses of H-1B visa holders. In US, there is a huge chunk of Indian spouses having the H-4 work permits but if such a move by the Trump administration is implemented, then it would have a devastating impact on Indians working in US. Moreover, H-4 visa holders are highly skilled professionals in India. Reports suggest that more than 100,000 H-4 visa holders have been benefited from this scheme.
Also Read: India informed Beijing before notifying govt officials against Dalai Lama's event
This rule was implemented by the then Obama administration in 2015 allowing work permits for spouses who could have got employment as H-1B visa holders require a permanent resident status. Speaking on the matter, US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) Director Francis Cissna in a letter to Senator Chuck Grassley said, “A former communication is expected to be made later this summer. Our plans include proposing regulatory changes to remove H-4 dependent spouses from the class of aliens eligible for employment authorisation, thereby reversing the 2015 final rule that granted such eligibility.”
Francis Cissna also said such a move would require executive order to propose new rules and issue new guidance, to supersede or revise previous rules and guidance if appropriate, to protect the interests of United States workers in the administration of our immigration system …”
Also Read: PM Modi, President Xi Jinping to hold informal meet on April 27-28 in China
For all the latest World News, download NewsX App
The father in the family whose mother and four children died in a fire in Jerusalem yesterday has refused to allow operation on the bodies to provide insight into the circumstances of the incident.
Police note that a funeral is not likely to take place until the bodies are investigated.
Police assess that the mother murdered her four daughters, apparently by strangling, before lighting the fire.
Grand prize raffle tickets prior to and at the event are available for $20 each or six for $100 at locations throughout Carson City.
Nevada is in a tough spot when it comes to health care, especially since it's listed as one of the worst states for it, according to a recent study by WalletHub.
But hospitals in the northern region know how to temporarily alleviate that stress for families and single parents without health care or limited benefits, thanks to support health foundations offer.
Most foundations are non-profit and have been around for years but the service is going to be more crucial than ever these days. Nevada is ranked among the worst for having the fewest hospital beds and physicians per capita, along with the lowest percentage of insured adults and children.
Although Nevada is brewing up the idea of allowing those without health insurance to buy into the state's Medicaid program, the help of foundations from Carson Tahoe Health, Renown, and Saint Mary's, will give patients in need a comfortable place to recover, and guidance on paying bills and other amenities.
Foundations make this possible by hosting fundraising events and collaborating with volunteers, which is why they also need support from local communities to maintain success.
What does a health foundation do?
Recommended Stories For You
Each hospital foundation has a different way of presenting its advantages but follow the same mission: to help raise funds for patients and their families.
"It gets tighter and tighter in a hospital," said Kitty McKay, director of Customer Experience and Foundation Development at Carson Tahoe Health. "These are desperate times for people and our community understands that. Getting the cancer treatment and diagnosis is the worst experience for them, but the support they receive means everything."
CTH's foundation is a non-profit organization with a commitment in fundraising since 1998. They are also a part of the nonprofit hospital.
McKay said it's important for a nonprofit hospital to carry needs for patients, regardless of the ability to pay.
"We see so many patients regularly that have big needs that go beyond the hospital walls," McKay said. "If they can't work, they can't pay bills or mortgage. We work rally hard to create enough support and help them through that difficult time."
At Renown Health's foundation, they also work to raise funds for patients and infrastructure within the hospital. All donations raised to the foundation go toward designated programs and services, such as the Child Life Program and Healing Arts Program, supported by the community.
According to the foundation, they provided over $85,000 in the past 12 months, to patients who needed assistance.
Wendy Damonte, Renown's vice president of Advocacy and Community Partnerships, said the foundation is a part of the Renown health system, the largest not-for-profit in Reno and Northern Nevada.
Operated by the health system, Renown's foundation has been around for 32 years, when the hospital became a not-for-profit.
"We no longer live in a society where the patient comes to us," she said. "We want to come to you. It's about how we can help raise funds to get closer to where people are and make a footprint in our town with health care."
Foundations proceed with this mission by creating projects to encourage the community to get involved. But at Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center, the reestablishment of its foundation will be the main focus in order to serve more of their patients.
Prior to 2011, Saint Mary's foundation was operated through Dignity Health, a not-for-profit cooperation company based in California. Back then, the foundation also raised funds for various programs, such as oncology, hospice, and community programs.
However, the foundation will be different in terms of how it operates and its focus areas, said Jamii Uboldi, spokesperson for Saint Mary's Health Network.
Making a difference with projects
Saint Mary's is already developing a philanthropic foundation program from the ground up. It's expected to support local services within the hospital's health network.
Uboldi said they plan to make an official announcement sometime in September.
"Creating a foundation was the direct response of community requests and financial giving to our current programs," she said. "This new opportunity will allow Saint Mary's to accept planned gifts and other donations to further our mission of providing exceptional health care services to Northern Nevada residents."
Uboldi said the first few years of the foundation's inception, they will recruit a board of directors to bring the foundation's vision to life.
"We do have some planned gifts that have been received," she said. "When we publicly launch, we can share those data points and what our goal is in terms of annual funding."
Meanwhile at CTH, the foundation is preparing to host its seventh annual Hopefest celebration Aug. 18, at the hospital's Cancer Center in Carson City. The event has distributed more than $439,000 in local patient support since 2011, from insurance premiums and co-pays, to mortgage rentals, and transportation.
What drives people to the event is not only the live entertainment and food, but the raffles offering big prizes, from a new car, to vacations and cash prizes.
"It's kind of a pure event," McKay said. "You can have a drink and be a part of it, or spend hundreds on the raffle to support. However you attend, it's magic when we all come together."
Another main mission CTH focuses on is the Merrinir Cottage project, where the foundation provides 15 no-cost cottages for patients with extended treatment.
The foundation also works diligently to construct equipment and technology at the hospital, such as the Cancer Center.
McKay said $8 million was raised by the community to open the center.
"We reach out to the community and seek support to contribute to our healing haven," she said. "We focus on upkeep, utilities, cleaning, cancer program, patient support, cardiology, diabetes outreach, and more. It's all ongoing."
The Mallory Foundation contributed $325,000 to Mallory Behavioral Crisis Center to CTH, for mental health crisis.
"It was a need identified by every public service agency in our community," she said. "People were either incarcerated or sent to the emergency room, which doesn't help heal. But we were also able to help them receive treatment from funds raised at Hopefest events."
Renown's projects also benefit patients and programs by involving the community and donor funds.
The three main projects of focus is the Healthy Nevada Project, the Estelle J. Kelsey Simulation Lab, and the David and Judy Hess Children's Imaging Center.
Announced last year by the hospital and Desert Research Institute, Healthy Nevada Project collaborates with 23andMe, a personal genetics company, launched one of the first community-based population health studies in the U.S. combining health, population and genetic information with environmental data.
Nevada participants' genetic results will go toward the study at no cost, along with gaining access to individual genetic information.
At Renown's Children's Imaging Center, the foundation purchased the region's first and only low-dose 128-slice computed tomography (CT) scanner, a new technology that decreases radiation exposure. It was supported by a $1 million donation from local philanthropists, David and Judy Hess – is fully donor-funded and is the latest expansion for the children's hospital.
The Simulation Lab also was made possible for the foundation by generous support from community donations, which includes three high-fidelity patient simulators debuted in April.
Damonte said these are the type of areas local donors feel strongly about, which is an opportunity that helps the system.
"It goes back into where the donor goes," Damonte said. "The main goal is to raise money but with health care, everything is expensive and the hospital doesn't cover even a fifth for our community. That's why we turn to our donors; although we make money, there are still gaps in funding."
According to Renown's foundation, 19 local community citizens drive the hospital's fundraising activities through a volunteer Board of Trustees.
In addition, they have nine other volunteer groups working on behalf of the community.
The areas in need for Renown's foundation include the Children's Hospital, Institute for Cancer, neurosciences, infusion services, Institute for Heart and Vascular, and Healing Arts.
Donors interested can donate through the foundation's website, as well as sign up for volunteering.
Although CTH's foundation has a volunteer board, McKay said they don't have full-time volunteers, however, they are invited to help at events such as Hopefest.
The areas in need are patient support, essential services, and lifesaving equipment.
In the days following the inauguration of President Donald Trump, the Federal Bureau of Investigation interviewed then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to discuss his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S., according to multiple government officials.
ABC News has previously reported that Flynn's communications with Russia, including with its ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, have been examined as part of a broad counterintelligence investigation into contacts between the Trump team and Russians. This is the first confirmation that the FBI spoke with Flynn directly.
It was not immediately clear what the FBI and Flynn discussed.
Law enforcement sources told ABC News that the inquiry has not found evidence of any criminal wrongdoing in the communications examined thus far, but that the probe remains under FBI and Department of Justice review.
Flynn's interview with FBI came before then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates reached out to the White House on Jan. 26 to alert the administration that the National Security Adviser may have misled officials about the nature of his conversations with Kislyak.
ABC News has also learned that FBI Director James Comey had expressed concern about telling the White House, fearing it could impact the FBI probe, but he acquiesced after investigators were able to interview Flynn. Questions remain though about how forthcoming Flynn was in his interview with FBI.
Flynn's resignation Monday evening came in the wake of news reports about Yates' contacting the White House more than two weeks before.
He resigned in a letter saying he “inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.”
Flynn initially denied he talked specifically about sanctions with the ambassador. And Vice President Mike Pence publicly vouched for Flynn, saying in TV interviews that Flynn and the Russian envoy had not discussed sanctions.
ABC News confirmed last week that Flynn and Kislyak did talk after Trump's campaign victory about U.S. sanctions against Russia over its interference in the presidential election, which raised questions about whether Flynn's conversations may have violated federal law.
Administration sources said Flynn called Pence last week to apologize.
Despite Flynn's resignation, Republicans as well as Democrats called Tuesday for the investigation into his actions to continue.
ABC News' Justin Fishel and Pierre Thomas contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has signed a proposed rule that would restrict the types of scientific studies regulators can use to determine the impact of pesticide and pollution exposure on human health.
Pruitt says the change would increase transparency in the agency's decision-making by requiring all underlying data used in scientific studies to be made publicly available.
Critics, including former EPA administrators and scientists, say Pruitt's move is designed to restrict the agency from citing peer-reviewed public-health studies that use patient medical records required to be kept confidential under patient privacy laws.
The embattled EPA administrator signed the proposed order at EPA headquarters Tuesday in an event that was livestreamed on the agency's website but not open to press coverage.
A federal judge says an upscale New Jersey town violated anti-discrimination laws by insisting that a proposed mosque have more parking spaces than churches or synagogues.
The judge on Saturday ruled that Bernards Township violated the Religious Land Use and Institutional Persons Act by applying a different standard to Muslims.
He said the township's planning board had "unbridled and unconstitutional discretion" due to its vague parking requirements.
The Islamic Society's application to build the mosque was denied after more than three years and 39 public hearings. The group sued the township in March.
The mosque's attorney, Adeel Mangi, called the decision a "landmark ruling."
NJ.com reports township officials say they "vehemently" disagree with the decision and will decide how to proceed after the township's attorneys study it.
When it comes to fitness, getting started only has to be the first step of your fitness journey, not the hardest.
Neal Dakmak, head coach and owner of Dakmak Performance Fitness encourages his clients to be patient. “People need to realize, it's going to take a little time. Try not to be anxious about seeing immediate results,” he said.
Dakmak Performance is a personal training gym that also offers a variety of classes on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. During grueling sessions you're likely to be happily distracted by a playful dog named “Bro.”
DAKMAK PERFORMANCE FITNESS
11616 Industriplex Boulevard #27
Baton Rouge, LA
225-445-6254
Dakmak Performance Fitness has clients of all ages and levels. “We have 80-year-olds and then we have advanced athletes, and anyone in between. No matter what your goal is, whether it's strength training, powerlifting, or you're a newbie who is just learning how to do this stuff the right way, it doesn't matter,” he said.
Dakmak tells 9News he was inspired early on to learn about fitness. “I never thought that I would be where I'm at. It just takes time,” said Dakmak. “I was a bigger kid. I literally weighed the same as I do now when I was 14-years-old. My body composition was very low and I was weak.”
Dakmak said that just learning proper technique was a big step that helped him get his best results.
Honestly, it just takes a little push and a little determination to make a change.
He shared some tips to getting started with WAFB's Get Fit Red Stick Facebook group.
“The correct way to do it is to go see your doctor first. You want to go just to make sure you're cleared. Get your physical. Everyone should start there,” he said.
He believes having a baseline is important to be able to go forward. “Let's check out and see where you are because you're going to want to see progress.”
New clients at Dakmak Performance Fitness start their initial training session on the ground with breathing exercises to learn how to find their core.
“When you get on the ground, your back is arched. When you put it flat, that's staying tight. Keep a neutral spine on the ground. Pushing the lower back into the ground will help activate your core,” said Dakmak.
BEGINNER EXERCISES
Start with belly breathing (relax and let your breath settle)
Embrace your core, flex (core breathing)
Glute bridges
Basic hip lifts (to activate glutes)
Basic crunching (to activate the core)
Mobility drills (to activate the hips)
Leg swings
Body weight squats
Beginner yoga (like downward dog)
Pushups
Lunges
Rowing or pressing
“We start out very basic with usually just a couple of sets. Not too many, to make sure they come back,” he said with a laugh.
If you need help learning exercise techniques, Dakmak suggests finding a trainer but he also said there are ways to get started from home. He said you can start by doing some basic things and suggested using YouTube to find exercise demonstrations.
AT HOME FITNESS STARTER KIT
Dumbbells
Jump rope
Yoga mat
Stability ball
Bands (adjustable for the knees & upper body exercises)
Foam roller (and little rollers for soreness & recovery)
“The bands are really good for doing all kinds of core, upper body, and lower body movements. We get the bands for the knees, to use them for squatting, and band walks to work the hips,” said Dakmak.
If you feel like you're in a position right now where you can't do much, Dakmak said it could just take a little push to help you stay motivated, such as working toward a goal.
Really stay on top of your mindset. You can do it. Don't stop.
GET FIT TIPS FROM DAKMAK PERFORMANCE
Set a goal
Find an accountability partner
Clean up your diet
Get informed about what you're eating & putting in your body
Work hard
Stay committed
Don't stop until you reach your goal
Dakmak recommends finding an accountability partner or joining a group like Get Fit Red Stick.
“The group is great for accountability. If you're really trying to make a change and you're in the group, I think you should participate. I think it helps other people.”
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) — Advertisers including Budweiser, M&Ms, Groupon and others have begun to release their ads ahead of Super Bowl Sunday to try to drum up some buzz. It's a crucial time to capture attention since marketers spend $5 million per 30-second spot for airtime alone.
While teaser ads abound, here's a look at the full Super Bowl ads that have been released as of Monday. So far advertisers are mostly focusing on silly humor and heartwarming messages. The Super Bowl between the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles airs Sunday night on NBC.
Budweiser: The beer maker's ad features a brewery that turns out cans of water for places in need, to the tune of "Stand By Me."
Febreze: The air freshener goes all in for toilet humor with a pseudo-documentary ad about Dave, a man whose "bleep don't stink." The kicker is that David is not at your Super Bowl party — so you should use Febreze.
Groupon: The deal-site's ad features Tiffany Haddish and shows football players kicking a football at a rich man who doesn't support local business.
Lexus: The carmaker promotes its new luxury sedan with an action-packed ad featuring the Black Panther character from Marvel's new movie.
M&Ms: The chocolate candy's ad shows a cartoon M&M character transforming into Danny DeVito after he finds a lucky penny and is relieved that no one wants to eat him.
Pringles: Bill Hader stars in the snacks' ad that introduces the made-up practice of "flavor-stacking," or eating different flavors of Pringles together to create new flavors.
See the ads:
Budweiser: https://youtu.be/CxGUmtRLm5g
Febreze: https://youtu.be/9NliY5tPp2k
Groupon: https://youtu.be/GM1QDBvzm1Y
Lexus: https://youtu.be/01AEuxSlIMg
M&Ms: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfZcxeqa1g4
Pringles: https://youtu.be/gk0nVMU76bc
One million residents, visitors, spectators, athletes and media will be part of the sporting and cultural experience of the Glasgow 2018 European Championships, organisers have claimed with 100 days to go until the event.
Glasgow and Germany's capital Berlin are scheduled to co-host the first-ever combined European Championships from August 2 to 12.
More than 3,000 athletes from 52 nations will travel to Scotland as part of an overall delegation of 8,500 including media and officials.
Glasgow will host six sports - aquatics, cycling, golf, gymnastics, rowing and triathlon - while Berlin will stage athletics.
As well as the boost to visitor numbers, coverage of the sporting action in 12 iconic venues will be broadcast to a potential television audience of up to 1.03 billion, it is claimed.
It is promised Festival 2018 will offer more than 100 "unmissable" performances as part of a world-class arts and culture programme being staged in Glasgow's George Square, Merchant City, Stirling, East Dunbartonshire and Edinburgh.
"GO LIVE!" at The Green, meanwhile, will offer young people, families and communities have-a-go sporting and healthy living activities alongside innovative arts, family entertainment and the best in Scottish food and drink.
"The European Championships will showcase all that Scotland has to offer to every visitor and spectator, both in Glasgow as the host city and at the other venues across the country," Fiona Hyslop, the Cabinet Secretary for Culture, Tourism and External Affairs, said.
"The combined offer of elite sport and the thriving cultural programme and will make sure that we put on a show to remember further enhancing Scotland's reputation as the perfect stage for major events."
Depute leader of Glasgow City Council, Councillor David McDonald, added: "The Glasgow 2018 European Championships will be at the very heart of a bumper summer of culture and sport in our city - and will boost the 2.3 million tourists that already choose to explore Glasgow each year.
"This August, visitors from all over Europe will experience our famous warm welcome and find out why people make Glasgow a world-leading destination and unbeatable host for major international events.
"Glasgow 2018 will further strengthen Glasgow's reputation as one of the world's top five Ultimate Sports Cities, with sport contributing £370 million ($516 million/€423 million) to the local economy on an annual basis."
It is claimed the 2018 European Championships will boost the 2.3 million tourists that already choose to explore Glasgow each year ©Glasgow 2018/People Make Glasgow
Venues for Glasgow 2018 include the SSE Hydro, which will host gymnastics
Golf will be staged at the famous Jack Nicklaus-designed Gleneagles Centenary Course, while diving will be held at Edinburgh's Commonwealth Pool.
Television viewers across the continent will have the chance to see Scotland's beautiful scenery through coverage of cycling's road race and time trial events, and open water swimming at Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park.
Local residents and communities, meanwhile, can watch from their doorsteps for free.
"Glasgow has a huge experience in staging world-class events including the Commonwealth Games in 2014," Berlin 2018 chief executive Frank Kowalski said.
"We are convinced that hosting six out of seven sports at the inaugural European Championships in Glasgow will be a tremendous success and enhance all individual Championships.
"Athletes, fans and the media will profit from this multi-sport event and the great experience of staging the event in Scotland and Germany.
"We wish Glasgow 2018 all the best for the last 100 days to go and of course for the staging of this event from August 2 to 12, 2018."
Last week, it was revealed a "European Mile" area in the heart of Berlin will offer sporting and cultural events as part of the 2018 European Athletics Championships.
Breitscheidplatz square will be transformed from August 7 until 12 to accommodate the finish of the marathon and walking events.
It will also host the men's shot put qualification and nightly victory ceremonies.
Medals will be awarded in the host city centre for the first time since the Championships began in 1934.
Some LSU students cannot start moving in just yet because their apartments are not ready. The Park Place apartments, which are privately owned and just off LSU's main campus, are still under construction.
Classes at LSU begin Monday, Aug. 21 and many students are moving in this week, but not those who will be staying at the Park Place Apartments.
"We got an email a couple of days before move in that basically said they would not be ready," said Ciera Handsborough.
"They put us in a hotel for a little bit. For me it is only a week. I know for some people it is Sept. 1. At least they gave us something and not make you scramble on your own," said Christian Christoffersen.
Christoffersen is just one of the students impacted. The apartment's corporate owner is providing housing at nearby hotels for everyone and even storage for the inconvenience. Christoffersen gets to move on this Friday, but Handsborough has to spend three weeks at the Crowne Plaza since she won't move in till Sept. 1.
"I have to get up probably at eight just to get a good parking somewhere just in case I do not park in the parking garage, but that is on me as far as getting up. Other than that, I do not mind taking a drive," said Handsborough.
Both students are making the best out of it and agree the apartment company is working with them. If there's one issue, it's food.
"Only problem here is living off of beef jerky and Powerade and a couple of microwavable dinners, that's it," said Christoffersen.
But even that isn't too much of a problem.
"I'm getting the best out of it. I could think negative on it but I am going to keep a positive attitude about it," said Handsborough.
The company said if any student did not need temporary housing, they are prorating their rent accordingly. All students will get three times their base rent as a concession and $75 worth of gift card for transportation.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
CBS
Recently I made a remarkable discovery. CBS, the network that specializes in family comedies led by old white guys and criminal procedures (also led by old white guys) has a covert division of TV writers working for them. They're the Division 6 of the network, the xXx of scribes — thrill-seeking wordsmiths and daredevil poets doing high-flying stunts with their pens, working to transform a staid lineup into something that might actually be worth DVR-ing. (Are DVRs still a thing?).
That's the only way I can describe the glorious gift that is Scorpion.
Look, most of the talk when it comes to zany, unabashedly ridiculous shows on CBS centers around Zoo and rightly so. Zoo is the cream of the crop when it comes to shows that prompt the question “What the f*ck were they thinking?” It's the perfect case study of what happens when a writer has a pretty fantastic LSD trip, jots down their psychedelic ramblings, mashes it all together and throws it on some executive's plate. In other words, you should watch Zoo.
But it seems that, in the colossal shadow, Scorpion, the little show that could about a group of geniuses struggling to understand the world even as they save it, has somehow been cheated of its due. Well, I'm here to correct that glaring injustice. I'm here to introduce you to your next guilty pleasure, the show you'll answer with when co-workers make mundane small-talk, asking what you're watching at the water cooler. You'll say, “I'm loving Scorpion right now, because I read this hilarious, insightful, Pulitzer Prize-deserving feature on it on Uproxx … and because Zoo's currently on hiatus.”
CBS
Scorpion is a loose account of a real-life genius named Walter O'Brien. The real O'Brien is an Irish computer expert who likes to claim he has the fourth highest IQ in the world. He's pretty smart, I guess. But TV Walter O'Brien (played by Game of Thrones‘ Elyes Gabel) is not only a proven prodigy and all-around Einstein, he just so happens to be roguishly good-looking (like former Dothraki horseman good-looking) and have the ability to save the world on a daily basis no matter what the doomsday scenario.
Rebooting an airplane's software system by hooking up an Ethernet cord to the bottom of a 747 mid-air? Walter can do it.
Parachuting into Bosnia to recover military-grade stealth tech? Not a problem.
Going undercover on a superhero movie set in Kazakstan in order to disable a Soviet era nuclear missile? Child's play.
He's a man with no EQ (Emotional Quotient) who sets up shop in a dingy warehouse and spends his time hacking NASA. Yet the Department of Homeland Security treats the guy like he's a regular Gerard Butler, tasking him with impossible, global problems and crossing their fingers that he'll be smart enough to do their job for them.
But Boy Wonder over here isn't the only worthwhile thing about this show. The supporting cast of characters (most of them geniuses as well) are heroes in their own right. There's Happy (Jadyn Wong), an ironically named mechanical engineer; Toby (Eddie Kaye Thomas), a Harvard-trained psychiatrist whose job is to shrink people whenever the story needs some exposition; Sylvester (Ari Stidham), a human calculator, germophobe, and the show's comedic relief; Agent Cabe Gallo (Robert Patrick), a former Marine and FBI agent who's been tasked to play babysitter to the bunch, make bad dad jokes, and appear appropriately exasperated whenever DHS tasks the team with an assignment completely out of their depth; and Paige (Katharine McPhee), a waitress who… well she's supposed to teach Walter how to relate to the world but that's a pretty tall order for anyone.
I realize these descriptions might sound critical, but I think it's best to be completely honest when it comes to this show. You will, episode after episode, be forced to throw all logical thought and rational explanations out the window. You'll be asked to just “go along with it,” “It” being some crazy scheme or half-baked plan mocked up by geniuses or high-ranking government officials that will inevitably go wrong, forcing said geniuses to come up with a way to fix their mistakes using some other crazy scheme or half-baked plan, this one even more cracked than the last. It's a wild rollercoaster of excitement, joy, frustration, and confusion, one that usually ends with the resigned acceptance that you've spent an hour invested in these characters and will likely do it again next week. Because you see, as completely improbable and insane this show can be, it's also really fun to watch.
There's a “Game of Thrones”-sized hole in our hearts and the final season isn't coming back to fill it for a long, long time. Luckily these pint-size cosplayers are around to remind us how good it feels to curl up on the couch with our favorites from the Westeros crew.
Sure, kids can't actually watch “Game of Thrones,” what with all the violence, nudity and sexual content. But that doesn't mean they can't channel the spirit of the show for some Halloween fun.
Below are some really amazing photos of families and kids rocking GOT garb this Halloween season.
Like this family, who is basically all the #goals:
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
I mean, just look at the little dragons!
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
Or this family:
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
This kid, who has his own iron throne:
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
Alllll the dragon queens:
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
Including this one, who truly loves her dragon like a mother should:
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
And this one, who got her little brothers involved:
View photos photo via Sarah Husser (Sarah Husser) More
And don't forget the mini Jon Snows:
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
And just in case you thought only boys could be King in the North, check out this little lady totally nailing the hair:
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
And her mom even dressed up as Melisandre:
View photos photo via Costume Works (Costume Works) More
As awesome as these are, they're still only scratching the surface. Where are all the Aryas? The Lyanna Mormonts? Hopefully season 8 will have served up even more “Thrones” inspiration to the under-10 set this Halloween. (And if you've got an amazing costume to show us, send your photos to parents@huffpost.com.)
By WAYNE PARRY
Associated Press
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - Some coastal states opposed to President Donald Trump's plan to allow oil and gas drilling off most of the nation's coastline are fighting back with proposed state laws designed to thwart the proposal.
The drilling Trump proposes would take place in federal waters offshore in an area called the Outer Continental Shelf. But states control the 3 miles of ocean closest to shore and are proposing laws designed to make it difficult, or impossible, to bring the oil or gas ashore in their areas.
A look at the issue:
___
WHAT STATES ARE DOING
States including New Jersey, New York, California, South Carolina and Rhode Island have introduced bills prohibiting any infrastructure related to offshore oil or gas production from being built in or crossing their state waters. Washington state is threatening such a bill. Maryland has introduced a bill imposing strict liability on anyone who causes a spill while engaged in offshore drilling or oil or gas extraction.
"We started thinking about how we control the first three miles of ocean, and there are state rights that we have," said New Jersey state Sen. Jeff Van Drew, a Democrat who represents the state's southern coast. "Even if we don't succeed in banning it outright, we can still make it a lot more expensive to do it in this area. It's a back-door, ingenious way to block this."
California Democratic state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson said a ban on pipelines and docks could force the industry to rely on ships that would then have to sail to the waters of a different state to bring their cargo ashore. "What we can do is make drilling for offshore oil and gas so prohibitively expensive that it won't pencil out," she said.
___
ANY PRECEDENT?
In 1985, voters in Santa Cruz, California, required that any zoning changes to accommodate onshore facilities for offshore oil exploration or production must be approved by a vote of the electorate, one of 26 similar ordinances that were adopted in California. An oil and gas industry association unsuccessfully sued 13 of the communities, claiming they were interfering with lawful interstate commerce.
___
OIL INDUSTRY, US RESPONSE
Andy Radford, a senior policy adviser with the American Petroleum Institute, said it has been 30 years since the last detailed analysis of potential offshore oil and gas supplies. He said states ought to welcome offshore drilling for the revenue it can produce for them. Offshore energy production in the Atlantic Ocean alone could support 265,000 jobs and generate $22 billion a year within 20 years, he said.
"We should take that step forward to advance our energy future," he said. "Local communities and workers benefit from energy exploration and production, in addition to these investments generating significant state revenues to fund schools, hospitals and other public services."
Connie Gillette, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, said "the laws, goals, and policies" of a state adjacent to the Outer Continental Shelf are among the factors the federal government must consider in approving oil and gas leases.
___
CONFLICTED IN SOUTH CAROLINA
In May 2017, eight months before Trump proposed the nearly nationwide expansion of offshore drilling, a South Carolina legislator introduced a bill to prohibit oil drilling infrastructure in state waters. The bill remains in committee.
South Carolina's House and Senate both introduced a resolution expressing support for drilling off their state's coast and criticizing Republican Gov. Henry McMaster's request to be exempted from the plan, saying the request is "tantamount to the state exercising excessive control of South Carolina's free market."
___
Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The government's Atomic Energy Council (AEC) sent a letter to state utility Taiwan Power Co. Tuesday giving it the green light to restart the second reactor at the nation's second nuclear plant.
The reactor had been under repair since the middle of 2016 after a short circuit caused by problems with lightning conductors, the Central News Agency reported.
The nuclear plant in Wanli, New Taipei City, on Taiwan's north coast, is one of three operating in the country, with the government of President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文) having set 2025 as the target for Taiwan going entirely nuclear-free.
The second reactor at the second nuclear plant can be fully operational nine days after the reception of the AEC letter, according to CNA.
Taipower originally requested the restart on February 5, but the AEC needed one month to complete its review of the application, followed by a discussion at the Legislative Yuan. Instead of going ahead with the approval immediately after that, the AEC went on another inspection tour of the plant before sending Tuesday's letter, CNA reported.
Without the second reactor at the second plant operating, Taipower said the electricity supply in April would face a difficult situation. At present, only one reactor at the second plant and both reactors at the third nuclear plant, located in Pingtung County, are working.
The first reactor at the first nuclear plant in New Taipei City stopped operating in 2014 and will be completely taken out of service by the end of this year. The second reactor at the power station was switched off last June and should stop service altogether in June 2019.
The restart of the second reactor at the second plant is just one of several energy decisions by the government which have met with resistance from former supporters. Environmentalists are also fiercely opposed to the restart of a coal-fired station project in Shen'ao, also in New Taipei City, which they say goes against aims to cut down carbon emissions and reduce air pollution in general.
TOKYO (AP) — The Latest on the anniversary of the 1995 Tokyo subway nerve gas attack (all times local):
12:40 p.m.
Tokyo subway employees have marked the 23rd anniversary of a nerve gas attack that killed 13 people and sickened thousands at several stations.
Uniformed workers bowed their heads in silence Tuesday at Kasumigaseki station, one of those targeted by the Aum Shinrikyo religious cult.
The current station head and the 71-year-old widow of an assistant stationmaster who died in the attack placed flowers on a temporary altar set up for offerings.
Thirteen cult members have been sentenced to death for the March 20, 1995, attack and other crimes.
Kyodo News service quoted the widow Shizue Takahashi saying the trials went on for a long time, and she feels the process has entered the next stage.
___
10:20 a.m.
Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. But when is uncertain. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan's death penalty system.
Tuesday marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all.
The relocation of seven of the convicts to detention centers outside of Tokyo last week has sparked speculation that executions could be imminent. Accomplices are customarily hanged on the same day.
The executions won't be announced until after they occur.
NEW YORK (WFAN) — The Yankees should strongly consider going with a closer-by-committee approach after Aroldis Chapman cost them a win against the Red Sox on Sunday night, WFAN's Mike Francesa said Monday.
“You don't have a top bullpen if your closer can't get anybody out,” Francesa said. “So you can talk about the numbers game, and they can talk about how this bullpen stacks up with the great Yankee bullpens like '96 and etc., etc. — it is all nonsense, it is all just empty conversation if your closer can't do the job, and Chapman right now can't do the job.”
In a 3-2 loss to Boston at Yankee Stadium, Chapman gave up the game-tying homer to Rafael Devers in the ninth inning. Before being pulled in the 10th inning, he hit Jackie Bradley with a pitch and walked Eduardo Nunez. Bradley later scored the winning run when Andrew Benintendi singled off Tommy Kahnle.
Two nights earlier, Chapman earned the save despite allowing a run and walking three batters.
Francesa criticized Yankees manager Joe Girardi for making excuses for Chapman.
“Friday night, he was rusty — that's what we heard then,” Francesa said. “Now, yesterday, (Girardi said) he really threw well. Oh really? He threw well? Really? Which part did he throw well, when he gave up a home run into the left-center field area, against a lefty no less, or the fact that he came out the next inning — I don't know why he was pitching that inning — and hit a batter and walked a batter? So which part of it was great?”
MORE: Palladino: Don't Blame Home Run Derby For Judge's Problems
Chapman's ERA sits at 3.48 — it was just 1.55 last season. He has blown four saves in 2017.
“He isn't fooling anybody right now, Chapman,” Francesa said. “What Chapman used to have was a fear factor. He scared the heck out of anybody who was in the box. He doesn't scare anybody anymore. Not only that, he scares himself and the fans because he's wild now. So you can't count on him.”
Francesa said it's time for the Yankees to “reassess the idea of having a closer,”
“Go with the hot hand,” he said. “You've got enough guys out there that can close. If that's the case, you don't owe Chapman anything. Make him earn it. And if he doesn't, so be it. I don't care if he's in a funk or not. I don't care if he likes it or not. You are in a pennant race right now. You cannot wait for this to come around.”
To listen to Francesa's open, in which he also discusses this week's Subway Series and the uproar over the Mets' Jay Bruce trade last week, click on the audio player above.
