A 68-year-old man who suffered a heart attack at a leisure centre has praised quick-thinking staff and paramedics for saving his life.
Alan Hartley, of Elmswell, was on a treadmill at Everyone Active Leisure Centre, in Stowmarket, on January 23 when he collapsed and went into cardiac arrest.
Gym staff rushed to his rescue with a defibrillator and, together with the East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust (EEAST), helped revive him. Now recovering well, he reunited with his life-savers on Monday to thank them.
He said: “The gym staff don't go to work and expect to save a life and for that I owe them so much. It's amazing to be able to thank them in person.”
When he collapsed, Becky Cruikshank, from Everyone Active, shouted for help, pushed a panic button and, when it became clear Mr Hartley wasn't breathing, she started chest compressions.
Her colleague Steve Ward brought the gym's defibrillator and administered the first and most vital shock.
He said: “You just go into auto pilot in those situations. I just saw someone who was very sick and needed our help.”
Medics from the EEAST were dispatched and the air ambulance called.
The ambulance crew shocked him a further two times and resuscitated him.
Mr Hartley was flown to Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital where he remained for three days before being discharged.
He had suffered a total blockage of his anterior lateral artery.
Gym staff have received certificates of thanks from the EEAST.
Paramedic supervisor James Mullett said: “The quick recognition of the severity of the incident by the gym staff as well as early cardio pulmonary resuscitation and the use of a defibrillator ensured Alan had the best chance of survival.”
He added: “I would also like to thank the call handler and dispatcher involved; they deserve credit for delivering excellent instructions over the phone as well as dispatching the appropriate resources Alan needed. Everyone did their part to give Alan his life back to him.”
For more information on how defibrillators work, watch this short video at www.youtube.com
Anyone who is interested in working for the ambulance service should visit www.eastamb.nhs.uk
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
After going undefeated in the last week of 2016, the Rockets are undeniably elite. Nearly every pundit would agree that it isn't a fluke anymore.
In a season where the Houston Rockets were expected to hover around .500, they're on pace to win more than 60 games. Under Mike D'Antoni‘s leadership, the Rockets are a completely different team than the one that suited up last year. James Harden is back to being an MVP candidate and Houston is fun again.
It's easy for me to be biased, but even national pundits argue that the Rockets are back to title contention. As we started 2017, many outlets released their first power rankings of the new year. In an unsurprising turn of events, nobody has Houston ranked lower than fourth.
All power rankings are just opinions, but perhaps no person's NBA thoughts carry more weight than that of ESPN's Marc Stein, who put the Rockets behind only last year's Finals teams:
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true
0:27 Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin looks forward to playing Josh Norman
2:12 Previewing Carolina Panthers versus Washington on Monday Night Football
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
The U.N. human rights chief told an informal meeting of the Security Council Monday that the Syrian government's five-year siege of the Damascus suburbs of eastern Ghouta has involved “pervasive war crimes,” use of chemical weapons and starvation as a weapon of war.
High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein was blocked from addressing a formal council meeting by a Russian procedural manoeuvr, but he delivered his hard-hitting speech to an open meeting anyway, decrying “mind-numbing crimes” committed by all parties in Syria using “unlawful methods of warfare.”
He said multiple parties to the conflict, now in its eighth year, “claim to justify their military offensives based on their struggle against terrorism.”
But Zeid said “never before have the campaigns against terrorism been used more often to justify the unconscionable use of force against civilians than in the last few months in Syria.”
He was especially critical of Syria, singling out President Bashar Assad's claim that his government makes every effort to protect civilians.
The U.N.'s top human rights official dismissed it, saying: “When you are capable of torturing and indiscriminately killing your own people, you have long forfeited your own credibility.”
Zeid pointed to eastern Ghouta as an example.
“The siege of eastern Ghouta by the Syrian government forces, half a decade long, has involved pervasive war crimes, the use of chemical weaponry, enforced starvation as a weapon of warfare, and the denial of essential and life-saving aid,” he said.
Zeid said this has culminated “in the current relentless, month-long bombardment of hundreds of thousands of terrified trapped civilians.”
“Families are now streaming out of the area,” he said, “but many civilians fear reprisals will be taken against them for their perceived support for opposition groups.”
Zeid stressed that “those who have perpetrated and are still perpetrating these mind-numbing crimes committed in Syria must be made to answer before a properly constituted court of law.”
“This must be assured and made non-negotiable — for the victims,” he said, but also for the legitimacy of the U.N. and the Security Council, and to prevent future violations and advance human rights around the world.
He again urged the council to refer Syria to the International Criminal Court.
That remains highly unlikely, however, since both Russia and China vetoed a resolution backed by more than 60 countries in May 2014 that would have referred the Syrian conflict to the ICC.
Zeid also said justice and respect for human rights must be at the centre of any peace talks.
“No settlement which shields the perpetrators from prosecution is worth discussing, simply because such a settlement would be utterly empty,” he said. “For peace in Syria to be meaningful and lasting, a guarantee of justice for the Syrian people must be assured.”
Zeid had been scheduled to speak at an open council meeting Monday afternoon, but when it started, Russian Deputy Ambassador Gennady Kuzmin protested that it was a question for the Human Rights Council in Geneva, not the Security Council, which is charged with ensuring international peace and security.
He demanded a procedural vote on whether the meeting should be held.
To proceed, at least nine of the 15 council members had to vote “yes,” but only eight did so. Four countries voted “no” — Russia, China, Bolivia and Kazakhstan — while the three African countries, Ethiopia, Ivory Coast and Equitorial Guinea abstained.
Longtime U.N. observers said it was exceedingly rare for a scheduled council meeting to be halted by a procedural vote.
France's U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre criticized Russia for refusing any discussion of human rights in the Security Council, when rights violations in Syria “are at their very peak.”
Britain's deputy U.N. ambassador Jonathan Allen said Russia “doesn't want the truth of … the appalling human rights abuses taking place.”
But he said: “We mustn't let them silence us.”
Ryan: 'An Attack on One of Us Is an Attack on All of Us'
Speaker Paul Ryan addresses the House floor, calling for unity after the Virginia shooting in which several of his colleagues were injured, including Rep. Steve Scalise.
It's not hard to find adventure in the great outdoors but finding the right gear to enjoy it can be a different story. So, all season long we camped, backpacked, paddleboarded, and hiked our way all over the Pacific Northwest, testing as much outdoor gear as we could get our hands on.
After pushing each contender to the limit, we've crowned winners in six categories (Innovation, Trekking, Cooking, Unwinding, Sleeping, and Recreation) and to celebrate, we'll be giving away a prize a day from each category. We'll be giving away a mosquito repellant from Thermacell, a pair of Danner boots, a camp stove bundle from BioLite, an OtterBox cooler set, a tent from Big Agnes, and our grand prize, a Red Paddle Co paddleboard!
One entry from the form below gets you in the running for each day's prize, starting with the Thermacell mosquito repellant and ending with the Red Paddle Co paddleboard. The first drawing takes place on August 28 — make sure to check back each day to see if you've won!
Contest limited to participants in U.S. only.
The New York Knicks will look to snap a four-game losing streak on Monday, January 2. What must New York do to defeat the Orlando Magic?
For the second time in two weeks, the New York Knicks will do battle with the Orlando Magic at Madison Square Garden. It projects to be one of the most vital games of the 2016-17 NBA regular season, as well as a test of New York's strength and character.
With a record below .500 at the beginning of the new year, Jeff Hornacek and the Knicks will be as close to must-win territory as imaginable on January 2.
The Knicks enter their first game of 2017 at 16-17 and in the midst of a four-game losing streak. All four losses have been relatively close games, including two heartbreaking finishes and a third being a shorthanded loss to the Houston Rockets.
The good news for New York is that the last time it managed to secure a victory was the last time it played the Magic.
New York has moved beyond the stage of being hopeful for a victory and entered the territory of near desperation. Falling below .500 was tough enough, but dropping two games below it as the All-Star Break nears would be insufferable.
The question is: what will be the keys to victory as New York pursues its 17th win of the season and an even .500 record?
5. 3-Point Defense
The first time the New York Knicks and Orlando Magic met in 2016-17, Jeff Hornacek's crew pulled out a 106-95 victory. It was one of the best showings of the year, as New York moved the ball well and defended at an extraordinarily high level.
One could argue that the key to the success of the defense was the Knicks' ability to prevent Orlando from developing a rhythm from beyond the arc.
Orlando converted just five of its 27 3-point field goal attempts during the 106-95 duel. Serge Ibaka accounted for three of the five makes himself, while Evan Fournier and Elfrid Payton combined to go 2-of-9 from distance.
If the Knicks are going to defeat the Magic again, then they must maintain the same level of defensive intensity.
Expecting to hold Orlando to 18.5 percent shooting from beyond the arc is clearly unrealistic. New York can still control the pace of the game by defending with energy, however, and containing the 3-point shot should be a primary point of emphasis.
Orlando ranks a respectable No. 17 in the NBA in 3-point field goals made, but its inefficiency at 33.4 percent implies that New York should win this battle.
4. 3-Point Shooting
The Orlando Magic have one of the most intimidating interior duos in the NBA with power forward Serge Ibaka and center Bismack Biyombo. They're revered rim protectors who can alter shots both at the rim and from 16 feet and within.
The last time out, the New York Knicks overcame that truth by stepping up with an ideal and efficient performance from beyond the arc.
[embedded content]
New York finished the first meeting with nine 3-point field goals made on 20 attempts. By comparison, the Knicks shot just 42.1 percent on 2-point field goals and made just 15 free throws in what was a strong defensive performance by the Magic.
If the Knicks are going to defeat the Magic for a second time in 2016-17, then the 3-point shot must fall in a timely manner.
New York doesn't necessarily need to shoot the lights out, but it must be able to convert the 3-ball at important stages of the game. If the offense is going cold or Orlando begins to go on a run, then the Knicks must be able to hit the shot that the Magic are struggling to convert.
The Knicks shouldn't rely too heavily on any one shot, but converting the 3-ball in opportune moments will be crucial.
3. Limiting Free Throws
The New York Knicks are sending opponents to the line in a way that isn't exactly reminiscent of the 1990s. Rather than committing hard fouls and sending a message, the Knicks are committing petty fouls and getting exploited.
If the Knicks are going to defeat the Magic for a second time, then they must do what worked so well the first time: avoid foul trouble.
New York limited Orlando to 16 free throw attempts during the 106-95 victory on December 22. That was a refreshing turn of events given how poor of a job the Knicks have done at keeping the opposition off the charity stripe.
Through 33 games, the Knicks are allowing an average of 26.0 free throw attempts per game—the fourth-worst mark in the NBA.
Letting up 26.0 free throw attempts per game is an easy way to fall apart on the defensive end of the floor. It not only provides an opportunity to put free points on the board, but it takes key players off of the floor due to foul trouble.
The Knicks need the likes of Joakim Noah and Kristaps Porzingis to remain on the floor for as long as possible, and avoiding foul trouble is the best way to ensure that happens.
2. Defensive Rebounding
The New York Knicks are as productive on the boards as any team in the NBA. True as that may be, the Knicks have done an atrocious job of preventing the opposition from creating second chances via offensive rebounds.
If the Knicks are going to defeat the Orlando Magic at Madison Square Garden, then they must do a better job of controlling the boards.
[embedded content]
The Knicks are allowing 11.7 offensive rebounds per game, which ranks No. 28 in the Association in 2016-17. New York is also letting up 14.9 second chance points per game, which ranks No. 29 in the NBA.
New York did an effective job against Orlando, but still allowed 10 offensive rebounds and 13 second chance points.
Nikola Vucevic lived on the offensive glass the first time around, and he could do so again. He's one of the best offensive big men in the NBA, and he's just as capable of dominating the offensive glass as he is of scoring from midrange or the post.
If the Knicks are going to defeat the Magic and pull back to .500, then they must limit Frank Vogel's crew to one shot per possession.
1. Ball Movement
The New York Knicks have the personnel to be one of the most efficient offensive teams in the NBA. There are dynamic slashers, deadeye shooters, and offensive rebounders who can extend and create possessions.
The key to the Knicks realizing their potential as an offensive juggernaut, however, will be the acceptance of the value of ball movement.
[embedded content]
The first time around, New York overcame the Orlando Magic's defense on the strength of its ball movement. It had 26 assists on 41 field goals made, which translates to 63.4 percent of its field goals being assisted.
That push was led by sixth man Brandon Jennings, who recorded a season-high 12 assists against his former team.
On January 2, the Knicks will need Jennings to thrive again and Derrick Rose to excel in his own right. Rose doesn't need 12 assists himself, but he must create more opportunities for his teammates, whether the numbers display it or not.
New York's offense borders on being unstoppable when it embraces ball movement, but it's shied away from that truth far too often in 2016-17.
New York is 15-7 when New York records at least 20 assists and 1-10 when it fails to. Enough said.
More from Daily Knicks
This article originally appeared on
The majority of car infotainment systems actually increase distraction, not ease it. So says the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety and the University of Utah, which tested 30 different cars and found 23 create high or very levels of distraction across a range of scenarios. Only seven created what were described as moderate levels of distraction, and none reduced distraction. The information is helpful in setting the stage for more discussion and ignores longer-term trends, such as whether on-board navigation can be considered all that distracting when people were driving while reading folding paper maps 20 years ago.
What AAA Tested
The AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety is an offshoot of AAA, the longstanding drivers' club for mainstream motorists. It partnered with the University of Utah, which did the research and compiled a 104-page report with a suitably academic title, Visual and Cognitive Demands of Using In-Vehicle Infotainment Systems (PDF). Tests were conducted on the 30 2017 model year vehicles over a 2-mile, 25 mph public road, measuring how well the drivers, age 21-36, managed to perform tasks involving the navigation system, sending and receiving texts, calling and dialing on a connected smartphone, and using multiple music sources.
Here's how the cars fared:
Very High Distraction (Based on AAA / U of Utah Tests)
Audi Q7 QPP
Chrysler 300 C
Dodge Durango GT
Ford Mustang GT
GMC Yukon SLT
Honda Civic Touring
Honda Ridgeline RTL-E
Mazda3 Touring
Nissan Armada SV
Subaru Crosstrek Premium
Tesla Model S
Volvo XC60 T5 Inscription
High Distraction
Cadillac XT5 Luxury
Chevrolet Traverse LT
Dodge Ram 1500
Ford Fusion Titanium
Hyundai Sonata Base
Infiniti Q50 Premium
Jeep Compass Sport
Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited
Kia Sorento LX
Nissan Maxima SV
Toyota Rav 4 XLE
Moderate Distraction
Chevrolet Equinox LT
Ford F250 XLT
Hyundai Santa Fe Sport
Lincoln MKC Premiere
Toyota Camry SE
Toyota Corolla SE
Toyota Sienna XLE
Minimal Distraction / Reduced Distraction
None
Surprising (?): Touch screen The Easiest Input Method
Our experience has been that touch screens are fabulous when the vehicle is parked, but on a bouncy road, it's a bear to accurately enter information, or even to make choices. Touch screens without buttons or knobs are more troublesome, so we'd expect something like Cadillac CUE to rate poorly (it's in the high but not the highest distraction category), whereas the simpler Chevrolet MyLink interface with more and larger buttons should be easier to use (Chevrolet Traverse rated high distraction, while Chevrolet Equinox rated moderate distraction).
The study ranked input methods from least to most distracting: touch screens and physical switches or knobs, voice commands, touchpads (“writing pads”), and dials or cockpit control wheels. Some input methods were not tested, such as Tinder-like swipe gestures.
Broader Issues to Consider
Driver distraction is a huge issue to consider, so the report is timely and useful, as far as it goes. With more time and funding, there's more to be learned. Here's what we'd like to see:
Infotainment should be tested across multiple years. Consider Honda's early 2010s system, with lots of buttons but a small screen. It was followed by Display Audio with zero buttons and zero knobs, not even voice or tuning. Honda finally relented two years ago and put back the volume knob, and now with the stellar 2018 Honda Accord ready to hit the market, Display Audio has eight buttons and two knobs.
Results should be broken out by LCD screen size and position. A big screen in the middle of the dash is easier to tap on; it's easier to read when mounted on the top of the dash.
AAA could drill down on the radio tuning tasks, and see how easy or hard it is if there's an external row of presets; sometimes the buttons can be used for nav destinations or favorite music choices.
The same tests should be run on Android Auto and Apple CarPlay to see if they're easier to use. No matter what car they're on, they work about the same.
There are teen driver tools that let parents set a volume limit on the infotainment system, or lock it at half-volume unless front seat belts are fastened. But other teen safety tools are limiting, such as a speedometer tattletale if the young driver, for instance, exceeds 50 mph. Now that car navigation typically includes road-by-road speed limit information, it would be a no-brainer to let parents set the tattletale at 5 mph above the posted speed, but so far no automaker has done that. Cadillac's Super Cruise semi-autonomous driving system includes a camera with IR night lighting that warns if the driver's eyes wander for more than 5-10 seconds. This would be great for teen (and all driver) safety were Super Cruise standard on something cheaper than the $85,000 of the Cadillac CT6 sedan.
When I test-drove Ford's multi-million-dollar Virtexx driving simulator several years ago, I found it was possible to reduce distraction–if you really had to do something distracting–by breaking the task into multiple small chunks of interaction. This isn't so much smart as it is less-stupid. But it helps.
Historical information is also useful. An AM/FM/cassette radio of the seventies is perhaps easier to use because you have fewer choices and big physical buttons. But the death toll then was about 4 per 100 million miles driven, while now it's just over 1 per 100MM. There was a recent uptick the last two years, which safety advocates say is most likely linked to distractions.
Other distractions from the past were dangerous. The researchers are comparing cars from the 1917 model year. Go back to the perod from just past World War until the 1960s (first seat belts) and 1970s (first airbags): These cars more often lacked air conditioning, and driving with the windows open led to wind noise and buffeting that was tiresome. Two of the biggest distractions of the era, other than big hair getting caught in the sunroof, were dropping a lit cigarette in your lap and trying to deal with a bee that flew in the open window.
On an even broader level, when comparing where to spend resarch and prevention money, consider that auto fatalities have long been the leading cause of death among under-25s. But now, drug deaths (cheap opioids), homicides, and suicides are catching up, and in same cases surpassing car fatalities.
In short: The AAA Foundation/University of Utah report is useful. But there is much more to research and deeper to dig.
1:22 Kindergartners make plea for recess Pause
0:41 Rally for Slain 8 Year-old
1:39 "This is killing me, day-by-day": mom begs for help finding daughter's killer
2:04 In Miami-Dade, an effort to find at-risk kids before the bullets do
0:59 Father of King Carter speaks after 8-year-old girl dies in shooting
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
NEW CASTLE, Pa. (WYTV) – A New Castle woman has died after she was hit by a vehicle on Thursday afternoon.
At 4:41 p.m., police were sent to E. Washington Street near Allen Street.
Police said a woman was hit by a vehicle while standing in the street. It was snowing heavily and the accident occurred in a dark area between street lights, according to the New Castle City Police Department.
The victim was identified as 51-year-old Anna Martinez. She was taken to UPMC Jameson Hospital, where she died as a result of her injuries.
Police are investigating.
The Business Industry Data Center (BIDC) specializes in collecting market research, demographic data, and business statistics pertaining to the development of small businesses in the South Plains region. We provide this information to small business development center counselors who then create a business plan for new small business clients in hopes of obtaining a loan from a bank. The BIDC is currently looking for motivated students searching for a part-time job with an interest and willingness to learn.
• No previous experience required
• Looks great on a resume
In order to apply, please submit your resume along with your school schedule and availability to work during the school year to either of the email addresses listed below. After review, select individuals will be invited to our office for an interview process that will span over the course of 2 weeks. Furthermore, if you have any questions about the job or need more information, please feel free to contact us.
Qualifications:
1) Means of transportation to our off-campus offices
2) Must be available to work in Lubbock during the Summer of 2017
3) Student must not be graduating before May 2018
4) Good academic standing
5) Must be able to work 12 - 15 hours during the school year
6) Basic computer skills
Please submit resumes to stefanie.juarez@nwtsbdc.org or gabriela.contreras@nwtsbdc.org with the email subject: BIDC Application
The cost of the state's newborn health screening would nearly triple under a budget provision aimed at expanding the number of health conditions included in the screening.
The fee would increase from $44 to $128 to cover the equipment and personnel costs of the expanded screening.
"We're pretty excited about this provision being in there and what the implications are," said Rep. Nelson Dollar, a Wake County Republican, adding that the fee is covered by insurance or Medicaid for most families. "The sooner you can treat this babies, the better their health outcomes are going to be."
But the provision, in a state spending plan released Monday and scheduled for votes this week, drew criticism from Gov. Roy Cooper's administration.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"Republicans tripling a birth tax on new mothers while giving more tax breaks to corporations and those earning more than $200,000 per year epitomizes the priorities we need to change," Ford Porter, a spokesman for the Democratic governor, said in an email.
Republicans aren't allowing changes to the budget, so the fee is likely to become law.
During a committee hearing, Rep. Carla Cunningham, a Mecklenburg County Democrat, questioned whether parents could opt out of the new elements of the screening and pay a lower fee.
"The screening panel is not like a cafeteria style," replied Rep. Greg Murphy, a Pitt County Republican and the legislature's only doctor.
The new conditions being added to the screening are Pompe disease, Mucopolysaccharidosis Type I (MPS I), and X-Linked Adrenoleukodystrophy (X-ALD). Murphy noted that Duke University has developed a cure for Pompe disease, but doctors have to catch it early.
"Yes, it costs more, but in the long run it'll save lives," Murphy said of the increased fee.
The provision allows the Department of Health and Human Services to expand the conditions tested in the future to match a federal list, with the ability to increase fees to cover future additions to the testing cost. Parents are allowed to opt out of the screening if they file a written request with their doctor.
Jarrius Robertson is a true inspiration.
The Saints Superfan warmed the hearts of the entire sports community during the NFL Honors program during the 2017 playoffs. Escorted by Saints head coach Sean Payton, Robertson presented Jordy Nelson with the Comeback Player of the Year award. Nelson was the award winner, but Robertson was the star of the show. Now, the ESPY's will keep him front and center in their awards ceremony. Robertson will receive the Jimmy V Perserverance Award.
New Orleans Saints superfan Jarrius Robertson to receive the Jimmy V Perseverance Award at The 25th ESPYS on ABC https://t.co/dE5zHlt1ff pic.twitter.com/LxoRM4mLok — ESPN PR (@ESPNPR) June 14, 2017
Recent honorees include Craig Sager, Leah and Devon Still, Stuart Scott and Eric LeGrand. The award is given to members of the sporting community who have shown tremendous fight in overcoming health obstacles.
The now 15-year-old Saints fan has outstanding comedic timing back in February, and kept the audience and his twitter followers enthralled as he made the rounds at the ceremony. Robertson was in need of a liver transplant and in late April, underwent successful surgery. He had a chronic liver condition that limited his growth, and the family had been waiting 14 years for a matching donor.
Surgery went GREAT! JJ is resting now with NEW, working liver 🙏🏻 We will see him in a few hours. Next few days of monitoring are big – Jordy — Jarrius Robertson (@Jarrius) April 30, 2017
Here are a series of tweets from the last few months, showing his media savvy.
this boy @RandyMoss thinks he can beat me in @NBA2K….he is crazy 😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/j4k7LVa4Rw — Jarrius Robertson (@Jarrius) February 3, 2017
A group of Coachella Music and Arts Festival attendees found themselves unlikely detectives over the weekend after noticing that their phones had gone missing.
Indio police say Reinaldo De Jesus Henao, 36, was caught at the Coachella Music and Arts Festival with more than 100 stolen phones in his backpack. Indio Police Department
The victims turned to the "Find My iPhone" app, which led them straight to Reinaldo De Jesus Henao, a 36 year-old man with a backpack full of more than 100 stolen cellphones, Indio police said.
With social media such a large part of Coachella's culture — the fashion, food, music, and art are Snapchat and Instagram ready — it didn't take long for several festival-goers to notice that their phones had disappeared.
"[We were] taking pictures then we went to post the photo," Laura Hunt Little told NBC affiliate KMIR. "And my phone is gone."
"People who lost their phones, or had them stolen, were tracking it," said Little. The group followed Henao throughout the festival venue until he was detained by security and eventually arrested by Indio Police.
Police searched Henao's backpack and found the stolen cellphones. He was taken to the Larry D. Smith Correctional Center and booked on suspicion of grand theft and receiving stolen property. He was released after posting $10,000 bail, according to inmate records.
Festivalgoers attend the Gobi tent during the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival at Empire Polo Club in Indio, California on on April 15, 2017. Rich Fury / Getty Images for Coachella
"That type of crime lends itself to what concerts are all about, a lot of people, close proximity, a lot of bumping," said Indio Police Sgt. Dan Marshall. "People carry their phones to have easy access to them, well if it's easy for you to access, it's easy for someone else to access."
Indio police urged people to take extra caution with their valuables in scenarios like the crowded music festival.
The department worked through the weekend to reunite the stolen phones with their owners. All remaining phones can be claimed on the Coachella Lost and Found website.
"Glad to have my phone back, so glad...ugh," said Laura Hunt Little.
The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday will hear oral arguments in a case that has the potential to scale back the Securities and Exchange Commission's ability to recover illegal profits earned as a result of fraud or other wrongdoing.
Continue Reading Below
The case, which involves New Mexico-based investment adviser Charles Kokesh who was sued by the SEC in 2009, hinges on whether ill-gotten gains, in an agency recovery remedy known as “disgorgement,” are subject to a five-year statute of limitations.
The ruling in the case could have broad consequences for the policing of Wall Street. The SEC already faces a five-year statute of limitations for collecting civil monetary penalties, a time bar that the Supreme Court upheld unanimously in its 2013 Gabelli v. SEC ruling.
Kokesh, who appealed to the Supreme Court after losing at a federal appeals court, was accused of misappropriating investor money and later ordered to pay $2.4 million in penalties plus $34.9 million in disgorgement. The penalties covered conduct within the five-year window, but the disgorgement covered conduct that largely occurred outside that time frame.
Kokesh's attorneys argued that a disgorgement in the case constituted a punitive “forfeiture” that is time-barred.
The Justice Department, on the SEC's behalf, argued that disgorgement is equitable relief for harmed investors and that Congress did not intend to impose a five-year statute of limitations on it.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
A loss for the SEC could impact negotiations in its current pipeline of investigations. Defendants that already disgorged profits dating back more than five years could potentially seek to have their cases re-opened.
“A ruling by the Supreme Court in the SEC's favor would bless this approach and give the agency a massive club to wield,” said Jack Yoskowitz, a partner at Seward & Kissel LLP who represents financial services clients and individuals. Yoskowitz is not involved in the case.
Tuesday will mark Justice Neil Gorsuch's second day of arguments since he was confirmed to the Supreme Court by the Senate on April 7 and sworn in three days later.
Wall Street attorneys will be closely watching to see how he approaches the case.
“I think he is not someone who is going to defer to the SEC in the way some other judges might,” said Michael Dell, a partner at Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP who filed a friend-of-the-court brief in favor of a statute of limitations on behalf of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the Wall Street trade group.
“I think he is going to look at this and interpret it for himself.”
(Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Will Dunham)
A single genetic mutation may have turned Zika from a boring and harmless virus into the brain-destroying guided missile that causes microcephaly and other severe birth defects, Chinese researchers said Thursday.
Their findings, if they hold up, could help explain why Zika seemed to suddenly appear and tear across South and Central America, causing an epidemic of miscarriages and birth defects.
Or it might not.
But the intriguing study demonstrates that a single spelling error made as genetic material replicates itself could account for a profound change.
Jackeline, 26, holds her son who is 4 months old and born with microcephaly, in front of their house in Olinda, near Recife, Brazil Nacho Doce / Reuters
Zika was once a little-known virus, of interest to almost no one, because it didn't cause any special symptoms in people. It was first discovered in the Ziika forest of Uganda in 1947.
But then in 2015, the mosquito-borne virus was linked to an unusual increase in cases of microcephaly, a devastating birth defect in which the brain does not develop properly resulting in a smaller than normal head.
Related: Zika Raises Birth Defect Rate 20 Times
Its effects on babies are now indisputable as the mosquito-borne virus has spread across the Americas, causing not just microcephaly but other birth defects and also miscarriages.
What hasn't been explained is how and why it did that. Were the birth defects just never noticed before, or did the virus somehow change?
Ling Yuan of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Cheng-Feng Qin of the Beijing Institute of Microbiology and Epidemiology and colleagues set up an experiment to find out if a genetic mutation may have been responsible. They compared three currently circulating strains of Zika to a sample taken from 2010 in Cambodia, when an outbreak appeared relatively harmless.
They tested mouse cells, living mice and immature human brain cells in the lab.
Related: Gene Study Shows Zika Was Spreading Quietly for Years
All three current strains killed all newborn mice, while the 2010 strain only killed 16 percent of them, they reported in the journal Science.
They did genetic comparisons and found many differences — not an unusual finding, as viruses mutate constantly. One particular mutation, called S139N, caught their attention.
They genetically engineered Zika viruses to carry this mutation, and found that they killed human and mouse brain cells far more efficiently than strains not carrying the mutation.
“These results show that contemporary strains of Zika virus are more neurovirulent (damaging to nerve cells) in mice than their ancestral strain,” they wrote.
“Our findings offer an explanation for the unexpected causal link of Zika virus to microcephaly, and will help understand how Zika virus evolved from an innocuous mosquito-borne virus into a congenital pathogen with global impact.”
It's not necessarily proof that a mutation caused the virus to either become more infectious, more dangerous or both. More testing, including on people, will have to be done to show that.
But it's a place to start looking.
“There were many discussions back when things were at their height about why we were just now seeing this microcephaly,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. “Maybe only when there were hundreds of thousands and thousands of thousands cases in Brazil did you begin seeing cases of microcephaly.”
Finding such a specific mutation may suggest the virus did change as it infected more people, Fauci said.
“I think it just explains what was somewhat of a puzzle,” he said.
Michael Worobey, an expert on the evolution of viruses at the University of Arizona, isn't so sure the study explains what happened in real life.
“My feeling is it's more likely to be a red herring,” said Worobey, who was not involved in the research.
“There is a leap between experimental mice and what we see in the field.”
Worobey said the Chinese researchers mistakenly call the Cambodian strain they tested an ancestor of the currently circulating strains, but he said it is not. It's possible the 2010 strain itself is an unusually mild mutant, he said.
“I wouldn't bet on this being the crucial factor,” said Worobey. “I would love to lose that bet.”
It will be important to test other strains from before 2010 to see what mutations they carry, he said, and to test more currently circulating strains.
But the study offers a place to look, he said.
“It is useful to know that there is a single mutation that is a contender for being part of the story,” Worobey said.
“It's a trail of breadcrumbs like Hansel and Gretel that allow you to work back even if you don't have access to what happened in the past. If you have got enough samples and they differ enough, it's like a trail of bread crumbs that can give you crucial information about when where and how these things moved and circulated.”
The information is useful for tracing the epidemic of Zika, but it won't change the search for a vaccine or for drugs to treat it, said Fauci.
“It certainly is not going to change anything I am going to be doing with a vaccine or a therapeutic,” Fauci said.
"This has nothing to do with the immunogenicity of the virus.”
Related: Zika-Affected Babies Can Cry 24 Hours a Day
NIAID is working to develop several Zika vaccines, as well as treatments that might protect a fetus if a pregnant woman becomes infected.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported in April that 10 percent of women with Zika-affected pregnancies in the 50 U.S. states ended up having babies with birth defects.
The virus does not cause symptoms in most people it infects and most people who do have symptoms suffer little more than a rash, and perhaps headache, fever and general achiness.
But its attraction to the developing brain and other nerve cells make it a disaster for developing fetuses.
1:08
What Trump's Cuba policy change means for U.S. travelers
1:21
Why Parnell thinks he differs from Norman
2:01
Advertisement
Who's Able-Bodied Anyway? The 400-year history of how we talk about the deserving versus the undeserving poor. Image Credit Cristóbal Schmal
The “able-bodied” are now everywhere among government programs for the poor, Republican officials point out. They're on food stamps. They're collecting welfare. They're living in subsidized housing. And their numbers have swelled on Medicaid, a program that critics say was never designed to serve them.
These so-called able-bodied are defined in many ways by what they are not: not disabled, not elderly, not children, not pregnant, not blind. They are effectively everyone left, and they have become the focus of resurgent conservative proposals to overhaul government aid, such as one announced last month by the Trump administration that would allow states to test work requirements for Medicaid.
Able-bodied is not truly a demographic label, though: There is no standard for physical or mental ability that makes a person able. Rather, the term has long been a political one. Across centuries of use, it has consistently implied another negative: The able-bodied could work, but are not working (or working hard enough). And, as such, they don't deserve our aid.
“Within that term is this entire history of debates about the poor who can work but refuse to, because they're lazy,” said Susannah Ottaway, a historian of social welfare at Carleton College in Minnesota. “To a historian, to see this term is to understand its very close association with debates that center around the need to morally reform the poor.”
In Washington, “able-bodied” has retained its moral connotations but lost much of its historical context. The term dates back 400 years, when English lawmakers used it the same way, to separate poor people who were physically incapable of supporting themselves from the poor who ought to be able to. Debates over poverty in America today follow a direct line from that era.
“The basic point is that the physical distinction always implies a moral one, and that's why politicians use it,” said Steve Hindle, the interim president and director of research at the Huntington Library in San Marino, Calif. He finds it not surprising but “profoundly sad” that so few politicians think about the lineage of the term.
Historians trace America's welfare system to England's 1601 poor law, which required local communities to collect taxes and distribute aid to the poor. But only the “impotent poor” — those truly powerless to support themselves — were to receive aid. The “able-bodied” were to be put to work.
Public debate about the poor, Mr. Hindle said, has centered ever since on a set of opposites: the deserving versus the undeserving, the idle versus the industrious, the able-bodied versus the old and sick. Over time, the English came to recognize a third class: the able-bodied who were blocked from work for reasons beyond their bodies, such as a shortage of available jobs. But even then, as today, structural problems and personal failings proved hard to separate.
Under Elizabethan poor law, the job of making these distinctions went to church wardens and parish overseers, people who lived in the community.
Today, we've constructed vast and expensive government bureaucracies to draw these lines. Kentucky, for instance, has outlined a number of exemptions to its new requirements that able-bodied Medicaid beneficiaries must work and pay small premiums. Former foster care youths and pregnant women don't have to pay insurance premiums. The evicted and the homeless won't be locked out from coverage if they miss their payments. People who are “medically frail” with serious ailments can postpone their work requirements with a doctor's note.
Such exemptions sketch new definitions of who is truly able. And they erect more elaborate barriers to assistance as another way of winnowing out the unworthy. Eighteenth-century English overseers tried establishing rules (“nobody who tipples in the alehouse will get poor relief”). Requirements today that the poor take drug tests or pay $1 monthly premiums effectively do the same: “If you can't figure out who is or isn't deserving,” Ms. Ottaway wrote in an email, “then you can make rules about behavior that will force the poor to reveal themselves as worthy or not.”
By narrowing aid, proposals like Kentucky's — and Indiana's Medicaid work requirement, approved Friday — reverse the more recent history in which Medicaid has steadily expanded access. The program began in 1965 with Elizabethan notions intact. It initially served the elderly poor, the blind and the disabled, as well as pregnant women. Over time it came to cover more parents and children. Eligibility was extended to poor women with breast or cervical cancer. In the 1990s, some states began offering coverage on a broader basis — simply according to income.
In 2010, the Affordable Care Act sought to make that policy experiment universal. It required all states to expand coverage to everyone earning below or just above the poverty line. (The Supreme Court later made the change optional, so now 32 states and the District of Columbia have chosen to expand.) Millions of nondisabled adults have joined the program in recent years, driving down the rate of Americans without health insurance and increasing Medicaid's ranks.
“It's a clear sequence from 1965 to 2010, where ‘able-bodiedness,' ‘worthy poor' is being written out of the statute,” said Leonardo Cuello, the health policy director at the National Health Law Program, a legal advocacy group that is bringing a lawsuit against the Kentucky Medicaid proposal. “And that comes to its full completion in 2010, where able-bodiedness is explicitly irrelevant.”
For Medicaid advocates like Mr. Cuello, the recent focus on the able-bodied feels like an anachronism.
To others who use the term, it captures how Americans of both parties feel about poverty today. In one 2016 survey by the American Enterprise Institute and The Los Angeles Times, 87 percent of people said it's better to require people to seek work or participate in a training program “if they are physically able to do so” (9 percent countered that it's better to give the poor benefits “without asking for any effort in return”).
“Free riders threaten society — they undermine the basis of altruism,” said Robert Rector, a senior research fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation, who helped write a work requirement into welfare reform in the 1990s. That's not a liberal or conservative belief, he argues, but a human one. “People want to be compassionate, but they don't want to be taken advantage of.”
Robert Doar, a scholar at the conservative-leaning American Enterprise Institute, suggests that conservatives are also less likely to write off the poor as unable to contribute, or to dismiss entry-level jobs as dead ends.
“The barriers that prevent people from going to work are real,” said Mr. Doar, who served as an administrator of social services in New York State and in the administration of Mayor Michael Bloomberg in New York City. “But if you start from the premise that those barriers are insurmountable, I think you really won't be helping people escape poverty.”
Just five years ago, Cindy Mann, who ran Medicaid in the Obama administration and is now a partner at the consultancy Manatt Health, said she seldom heard the term able-bodied in connection with Medicaid. Its ubiquity today — in news conferences from the White House podium, in think tank reports, in news articles — suggests that its adherents have been effective in an important way. “Able-bodied” has lately come to feel technical, not ideological; objective, not judgmental. This language has nudged its way into how many people, not just House Speaker Paul Ryan, speak.
And despite our borrowing it from Elizabethan England, its assumptions feel deeply American.
“To me, there is something about this that gets right to the heart of a lot of central myths about America,” said Sarah Handley-Cousins, a historian who has written about nearly identical debates over who deserved pensions after the Civil War. Americans pull themselves up by their bootstraps. Work is a moral endeavor. Those who work hard get ahead. “And people get very suspicious and get very angry,” Ms. Handley-Cousin said, “about the idea that some people aren't doing that.”
Absent all its context, however, “able-bodied” is an odd term for an era when so much work isn't physical in nature. Today, a blind person who is categorically eligible for aid could well do work that a person with depression — and who is “able-bodied” — could not.
And this part is most curious: While these words were explicitly cited in the legislation that established Elizabethan poor law, they barely exist in the statutes and guidelines governing American aid today. The food stamp program does identify a group called “able-bodied adults without dependents.” But Medicaid makes no mention of them.
“It has no basis in the law or the program,” Ms. Mann said. “I think it's a political term, and I think it's used pejoratively, and I think it's quite intentional when it's used.”
It's used, she says, to imply that the newest group of people who receive Medicaid don't deserve it.
Emily Badger writes about cities and urban policy for The Upshot from the San Francisco bureau. She's particularly interested in housing, transportation and inequality — and how they're all connected. She joined the Times in 2016 from The Washington Post. @emilymbadger Margot Sanger-Katz is a domestic correspondent and writes about health care for The Upshot. She was previously a reporter at National Journal and The Concord Monitor and an editor at Legal Affairs and the Yale Alumni Magazine. @sangerkatzFacebook
Sign up for The Upshot Newsletter Get the best of The Upshot's news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
Council leader Matthew Lee has revealed to councillors that people have tried to ‘blackmail' him over his sexuality.
The comment came as he explained his opposition to a proposal from Grantham councillor Tracey Forman for the rainbow flag to fly over Grantham's council building to mark February being LGBT History Month.
Coun Forman told the full meeting of South Kesteven District Council that many councils and organisations were “celebrating” the lives and achievements of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people this month.
People might think that in 2018 with Grantham having a gay MP and gay bishop there was no need to raise the rainbow flag, she said. But the election of Barack Obama as US President and the UK having two female prime ministers did not mean there was no racial discrimination in the US, or sexism in the UK.
The Labour councillor also wanted SKDC to publicise LGBT history month on the council website, along with details on how to report hate crime. She also said council staff may not feel able to be open about their sexuality.
Cabinet member Mike King proposed an amendment to Coun Forman's motion, accepting her recommendations, bar flying the flag – a move which was overwhelmingly accepted.
Coun Matthew Lee then said: “As a council, we oppose discrimination in all its forms” and it was “appalling” people should experience any kind of discrimination.
“I have been councillor here all of three years. I have received two communications from individuals threatening to reveal to the world that I am gay. I have been openly gay for many years. The fact that you can stand for public office and be blackmailed is ridiculous.”
After noting it was 40 years since the death of openly gay US councillor Harvey Milk, Coun Lee said he opposed flying the rainbow flag, saying the council received many requests to fly flags.
“I do agree we need to do more about cohesion and diversity. We will be appointing a cohesion and diversity officer within council. We haven't been good in this council on that up to now.”
However, Coun Forman still wanted to fly the flag as a sign of visible support, especially for young people passing the council offices who may be experiencing discrimination.
Fellow Labour councillor Phil Dilks agreed, noting how society has become more accepting since homosexuality was decriminalised.
Coun Dilks said: “It's an opportunity to lead further change and show kids because we are making a statement that we accept the gay and lesbian community as it is.”
Before Coun Dilks waved a rainbow flag in the council chamber, the council leader made one last comment about council staff and diversity questionaires.
He said: “I hate these types of questions. I loathe them. It's nobody's business. I take great delight in never answering them.
“It's important we understand our community but people are also very private so there will be no drive from me or officers to identify sexual preferences of our staff. Private business is private business. We shouldn't be such an interfering state at times.”
Here's another risk from getting shot that you may not have thought to be worried about: lead poisoning.
More than 450 people were diagnosed with high lead levels in their blood from bullets between 2003 and 2012, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention researchers found.
Hand guns on a paper target full of bullet holes. iStockphoto / Getty Images
The lead comes from bullet fragments not removed from the body, the team reported in Thursday's weekly CDC report.
"Retained bullet fragments are an infrequently reported, but important, cause of lead toxicity; symptoms are often nonspecific and can appear years after suffering a gunshot wound," the team wrote.
Related: Flint Residents Wary of Reports Lead Levels Are Down
They include fatigue, abdominal pain, and memory loss, Debora Weiss, a CDC epidemiologist working at the Wisconsin Department of Health Services reported along with colleagues.
"Gunshot wounds cause an estimated 115,000 injuries in the United States per year, approximately 70 percent of which are nonfatal," they wrote.
Related: Flint's Lead Crisis Isn't the Nation's First
The bullets are not always removed unless it's easy to do so or unless they're dangerous or painful.
Weiss's team looked at a database of adult cases of lead toxicity in 41 states. They found 145,000 cases, and 457 of them were blamed on bullet fragments.
Lead is always toxic. When levels rise above 10 nanograms per deciliter of blood, people can develop high blood pressure, kidney damage, potential brain damage and miscarriages Seventeen of the 457 patients had levels eight times that high or higher, the team found.
Lead poisoning is a more important danger for children than for adults.
Related: Here's What Lead Can Do To You
Lead can also kill wildlife. Lead bullets and lead shot can be eaten by predators and scavengers if prey animals are not killed or collected by hunters.
Lead from weights used in fishing can also leach into groundwater or affect fish.
Unborn babies and very young children are most vulnerable to the effects of the heavy metal, which destroys nerve cells, including developing brain tissue. These effects cannot be reversed.
Frequent sources are lead-based paint, pottery glazed with compounds that include lead, and drinking water from pipe made or soldered with lead.
Flint, Michigan has been battling lead in its water supply for years now, as have some other U.S. communities.
BEAVER TWP., Ohio (WYTV) – Fire Safety was on the schedule Friday for first-grade students at South Range Elementary.
Beaver Township firefighters have been a part of this special program for the past 25 years.
Students watched a video on fire safety and even had a chance to try on the emergency gear.
Teachers say this program is great for the kids.
“They're always very excited, very involved,” said first-grade Teacher Patti Yocum. “They are learning life skills that they can share with their parents. The fire department even comes in; the firemen come into the classroom to share even more about fire safety, smoke alarms. We want them to tell their parents, to make sure they have smoke alarms in their homes.”
Students also had a chance to go out and get a closer look at a fire truck and ambulance.
In science fiction, when people need to travel immense distances through outer space and don't have a wormhole nearby, they bed down for a very long nap. For this, the heroes of films like "Aliens," "Avatar," "Interstellar," and "Passengers," have put themselves into suspended animation.
It would be convenient if real astronauts could hop in a sleep pod and wake up years later without aging a day. The bad news is we're nowhere near this reality.
But scientists and engineers are collaborating with NASA and other space agencies to develop suspended animation projects for missions to Mars and beyond. Instead of being frozen in time, though, astronauts could be knocked out for weeks or months in a state called torpor that resembles hibernation.
If these projects are successful, ships could be more compact and more sparsely equipped, making them less expensive to propel through space. Astronauts could also spare their physical and mental health. And torpor could help us here on Earth, too.
The Case For Torpor
On a voyage to deep space, humans will be more demanding cargo than a rover or satellite. For one, we must eat. We also need room to move around and tend to chafe at sharing cramped quarters for long periods. And our bodies will be bombarded with cosmic rays and face numerous health issues caused by low gravity, including loss of bone density and muscle mass.
Putting astronauts into a hibernation-like state could help with some of these problems.
“The core characteristic of hibernation is that you suddenly stop consuming energy,” says Matteo Cerri, a physiologist at the University of Bologna in Italy. “If you're not consuming any fuel you're going to cool down.”
Related: Meet NASA's 2017 Class of Astronauts
During hibernation, an animal's metabolism grinds to a near standstill. The heart beats more slowly and body temperature drops. The hormones and composition of the blood are altered. Breathing, cell replication, and brain activity slow. “It's like a movie that progressively slows down," Cerri says. "Every frame gets slower and slower."
But humans can't hibernate. “We're just trying to make them appear to hibernate, or creating the benefits…of hibernation,” says John Bradford, president and COO of SpaceWorks Enterprises, an Atlanta-based aerospace engineering firm working with the NASA Innovative Advance Concepts (NIAC) Program.
If the crew could spend most of the flight in torpor, they would need less food and could occupy a smaller living space. Shipping anything into space is incredibly expensive because of added fuel costs for each extra pound, so a smaller spaceship would be a huge advantage.
Torpor could help fit more people on smaller ships to help rapidly populate space colonies. SpaceWorks
It might also be more pleasant for the astronauts.
“If you're in a small tin can with the same other three people for nine months and you can't really move about the cabin…it may actually be that sleeping for 14 days is the preferred way to go,” says Jason Derleth, program executive of NIAC.
Torpor could also have health benefits. While hibernating, animals don't suffer muscle atrophy or bone degeneration from lack of use, although it's not clear why. And there's evidence that animals are less vulnerable to radiation during hibernation. So torpor might give astronauts added protection during spaceflight. On the other hand, a lowered metabolism means the body may not repair itself as quickly, so radiation damage might be more profound, Derleth says.
Having the crew stay in one place would make it easier to shield that portion of the ship from radiation since it would be incredibly expensive and impractical to shield a whole spacecraft.
How Will It Work?
The European Space Agency is working with Cerri and his colleagues to study suspended animation. They have already used drugs to shut off a brain area that controls metabolism in non-hibernating rats, sending the rodents into torpor.
Meanwhile, SpaceWorks has a team of engineers, former astronauts, physicians, and hibernation researchers that are pondering how to send astronauts into torpor safely and how a spacecraft could be designed to accommodate them.
SpaceWorks' ideas build on a procedure used in emergency rooms called therapeutic hypothermia, in which the body is cooled to prevent brain damage after crises like cardiac arrest. But this has been done for days, not weeks or months. And it's unclear whether it causes side effects because the people who receive this treatment are already ill.
00:23 00:00 / 00:00 There Could Be a Village on the Moon by 2030 00:00:58
To enter torpor, astronauts would only need to drop their internal body temperature about 9 degrees Fahrenheit. It's possible this temperature drop could be done by cooling the surrounding air, Bradford says. Astronauts would be given a sedative to relax and prevent shivering as they slip into torpor.
A spacecraft could also have special pods to chill each crewmember. Or it could be equipped to cool the entire habitat or just a chilly area where crew in torpor are separated from other astronauts.
While in torpor, astronauts will need life support systems to monitor their vitals and take care of them. “We're not like bears," Bradford says. “Unfortunately we don't get to stock up and put on 300 pounds and then wake up nice and fit.” Food could perhaps be delivered intravenously.
Astronauts can enter torpor in shifts so someone is always alert. Initially, SpaceWorks aims to place people in torpor for two weeks. Later, they may work up to months, which would help with future colonization efforts. “If you want to send hundreds of people to Mars, you don't want to have everybody waking up every two weeks,” Bradford says.
Photos: Evolution of the NASA Spacesuit, From Mercury to Starliner
Awakening from torpor will not be instantaneous. Astronauts must be roused slowly so different body parts can adjust at the right rates. As the body warms, every organ will be clamoring for energy, but the brain must first provide for itself, the heart, and other vital areas. Otherwise, those areas could be deprived of blood flow, possibly leading to a heart attack or stroke.
To combat radiation, the crew could be surrounded by their food bags while they sleep to help block them from exposure. But that protection would diminish as their contents are imbibed. “Does that mean that you put the person's waste back in those bags?” Derleth asks.
Researchers will also have to investigate potential side effects of torpor, like an erratic heartbeat, infections, or blood clots. And we don't know yet how torpor will affect cognition and memory, or what it will feel like for a healthy person.
“Below a certain degree of temperature…there is probably no consciousness anymore,” Cerri says. “But in the beginning, it could be quite odd, maybe even unpleasant.”
Bound For Torpor
One thing torpor can't do is stop astronauts from aging. Hibernating animals do tend to live longer compared with other species similar in size, so it's possible that torpor would slow human aging a little, but not enough to send people on 100-year jaunts through space.
For that, we would need to freeze astronauts, replacing their blood with an antifreeze to prevent their cells from bursting. Since we don't know how to resurrect people from this chilly oblivion, cryonics isn't yet a practical option for deep space travel. “Even if you were defrosting the body with no damage to the tissues, the body will still be dead when you warm it up,” Cerri says.
Related: Warp Speed Won't Get Us to the Stars, But This Just Might
Torpor is a much better bet. And it wouldn't only be useful for space exploration. Soldiers wounded on the battlefield could be put into torpor until help can arrive. Or it could keep donor organs viable longer.
Cerri is now investigating whether torpor or hypothermia can protect healthy cells from radiation damage. If so, people could be put into torpor for cancer treatment. Doctors could then use a more intense dose of radiation to blast tumors because the surrounding tissue would be less vulnerable.
Bradford thinks technologies to use torpor could be ready by the early 2030s, when people are setting off on the first missions to Mars. NASA is not currently planning to use torpor for any future journeys, but if torpor proves its mettle, it could enable more ambitious voyages, Derleth says. “It does open up the possibility for 100 years from now traveling out to asteroids or even deeper in space.”
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Baltimore linebacker Za'Darius Smith and Washington cornerback Bashaud Breeland have been fined $18,231 by the NFL for hits last weekend.
Smith was called for roughing the passer after hitting Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger in the Ravens' loss to the Steelers.
Breeland made a horsecollar tackle of Kansas City running back Kareem Hunt in the third quarter of the Redskins' loss to the Chiefs last Monday night.
Oakland punter Marquette King was docked $9,115 by the league after he threw a football at a Denver Broncos player following a failed fake punt. He was penalized 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Jacksonville linebacker Paul Posluszny was fined $9,115 for taunting Jets linebacker Dylan Donahue after Donahue got hurt during a punt when he hit the Jaguars veteran.
Philadelphia's Vinny Curry and Indianapolis' Jonathan Hankins were also fined $9,115 - both for unnecessary roughness.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
President Trump will travel to Wisconsin Tuesday, where he will sign an order aimed at changing a visa program that brings in highly skilled workers from overseas.
The order, dubbed “Buy American, Hires American,” would direct the departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse. Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the “most-skilled or highest-paid applicants.”
The White House said the H-1B program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects, as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects. The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president.
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements. The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be “renegotiated or revoked.”
During his campaign, Trump said at some points he supported high-skilled visas, then came out against them. At one debate, he called for fully ending the program, saying: “It's very bad for our workers and it's unfair for our workers. And we should end it.”
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas, changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives.
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery. Many go to technology companies, which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers.
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans. The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work.
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders. Adding to the indignity: The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages.
On the planned order by Trump, Ronil Hira, a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program, told the Associated Press, “It's better than nothing.” But he added, “It's not as aggressive as it needs to be.”
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties — and they can't always find enough American workers with the skills they need.
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program. One, introduced by Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill. and Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans, a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses; and give “the best and brightest” foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas.
Trump will sign the order at the Kenosha headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc. His visit comes as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin, a state he barely won in November. The visit also would take him to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who won't be joining the president because he's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries.
Trump has traveled to promote his agenda less than his recent predecessors. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit “a company that builds American-made tools with American workers.”
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making him the first Republican to win the state since 1984. He campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states.
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920, Snap-on makes hand and power tools, diagnostics software, information and management systems, and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries, including agriculture, the military and aviation. It has eight manufacturing sites in North America, including one in Milwaukee. The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Four people found dead in a South Carolina home Sunday evening were killed in an apparent murder-suicide, local authorities said.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher identified the victims in a statement as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of her children, 4-year-old Elijah Chavez and 1-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
The coroner said the bodies were found at around 8 p.m. Sunday.
The Lexington County Sheriff's Office initially said that Jorge Luis Chavez was a person of interest in the murders and circulated a photo of him on social media. Early Monday, however, the sheriff's office said the deaths were likely a murder-suicide and they were no longer searching for Chavez.
Fisher said Reynoso had an older child who wasn't at the home at the time. The investigation is ongoing.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Looking to get a nice job in the IT sector? A good first step is gathering up as many relevant certifications as possible. And if you're looking to streamline the process, you're going to want some study guides to help you focus on the most important info. Thankfully, the folks at StackSocial are offering a massive discount on three CompTIA guides for a limited time.
• CompTIA core certification bundle for $29 (List price: $1035.72)
When you buy this bundle, you'll get the following three guides:
• “CompTIA A+ certification prep” (a $437.72 value)
• “CompTIA Security+ study guide” (a $299 value)
• “CompTIA Network+ study guide” (a $299 value)
A+ certification shows that you have an understanding of the hardware and software of standard machines, and you're capable of troubleshooting problems. Security+ certification shows that you understand IT security risks, and know how to maintain proper bulwarks. Finally, Network+ certification lets potential employers know that you can handle various networking setups. All together, having these certifications illustrates your IT competency, and might just keep you in the running during the hiring process.
If you bought all of these separately, you could end up paying more than a thousand bucks just to have a solid study tool. But if you buy all three together from StackSocial, you'll save a whopping $1006.72 — 97% off the standard pricing. This deal won't last very long though, so get your order in quickly.
Note: All sales final. Terms and conditions apply. See the StackSocial site for more information.
Our commerce group sources the best deals and products for the ET Deals posts. We operate independently of Editorial and Advertising and may earn a percentage of the sale, if you buy something via a link on the post. If you are interested in promoting your deals, please contact us at commerce@ziffdavis.com.
For more great deals, head over to TechBargains.
Why it matters to you Cyclists who want a fast, efficient way to add GPS navigation to their bikes will find the Beeline smart compass to be an excellent option.
Navigation options for cyclists continue to get more sophisticated while also becoming easier to use. Case in point is the Beeline smart compass, which has been designed to attach to the handlebars of nearly any bicycle. It offers turn-by-turn navigation to riders, allowing them to keep their smartphones safely tucked away in their pocket for the entire ride.
Small and lightweight, the Beeline is both water- and shock-resistant, making it durable enough to survive daily commutes through the city or along single-track routes on a mountain bike. The device comes in a silicone case that doubles as a handlebar mount, making it easy to install and remove.
The compass pairs with a smartphone via Bluetooth, and connects to a companion app available for both iOS and Android. The app gives users the ability to configure the Beeline and find directions to wherever they want to go. It also keeps a log of the user's ride history, tracking distance, time, route, and other important metrics.
When locked in place on the handlebars, the compass provides navigational cues in the form of an arrow that points toward the destination. The Beeline offers two different modes of navigation, either providing turn-by-turn directions for the fastest route, or a more free-flowing option that points the rider in the general direction, but allows him or her to choose the path for themselves.
The Beeline's LCD screen is bright enough to be seen even in direct sunlight, and can display a variety of information as needed. In addition to the compass needle indicating which direction to ride, it calculates the distance to the destination and estimated time of arrival. It can also display the current speed, a trip odometer, and the time. And since i'is powered by a rechargeable lithium-ion battery with a 30-hour life span, riders can go for days without having to plug the Beeline in for a charge.
Available through Amazon, the Beeline sells for $139, making it a relatively inexpensive way to add smart features to any bike. Find out more at beeline.co.
Of Guatemala's 14 million inhabitants, approximately half have indigenous roots, including Maya, Garifuna and Xinca peoples. Throughout the centuries, indigenous communities have endured much turmoil, from the Spanish conquest to a 36-year civil war that resulted in more than 200,000 deaths where more than 80 percent of those were Mayan, according to a U.N.–based report.
But what's remarkable is that despite violence and death, these communities' ancient practices have prevailed.
A visually stunning new book details one of the Maya's most enduring traditions, their healers.
“I was privileged to be allowed to photograph the healings, to listen to their stories and dreams, and to enter the forest with them to photograph Maya ceremonies performed at sacred sites," said award-winning photographer Fran Antmann, author of the recently published "Maya Healers: A Thousand Dreams."
Pedro Mendoza tries to walk again with the help of his mother and brother. After a work-related accident, Pedro's broken leg was healed over several weeks by healer and bonesetter Berta Navichoc. Fran Antmann
Antmann, who is known internationally for her several books and photography collections, said she chose the word "dreams" in the title not just because it's poetic, but because it's a big part of understanding their centuries-old practices.
“The healers (curanderos) are said to derive their power and knowledge from dreams,” she said. “The healers are believed to have connections with the supernatural.”
Antmann focused her research in a village called San Pedro La Laguna on the shores of Lake Atitlán.
In rural parts of Guatemala, medical care is usually expensive and geographically inaccessible. Spanish is also sometimes a foreign language to the indigenous population, and many feel disdain from doctors. This explains, Antmann said, why it is more comforting for members of some indigenous communities to go to their local healer.
Healers are determined at birth, and it is believed that individuals are born with this “don,” or gift. It's considered a sacred profession, and one decides to accept it or not. They don't go to medical school, nor do they get paid.
Healers who use objects to realign the bones, and then their hands to finish the treatment are called “hueseros” or “bonesetters.” They feel like they don't even guide their hands to heal, explains Antmann, their hands guide them.
Healer, bonesetter and midwife Josefina Vasquez, photographed by Fran Antmann during a healing. Fran Antmann
“The bonesetters often describe how they found through dreams the sacred bones they use for healing,” said Antmann. “For the Maya, the place and role of dreams is ingrained in their culture.”
Antmann was impressed by the faith of the patient and the healer.
“The healing takes place where the patient lives, or sometimes in their sacred Maya spaces,” said Antmann. “The whole family is involved – it's a communal affair. Family members are praying in the adjacent room, and their participation is integral in the healing process.”
Fran Antmann's book "Maya Healers" Nirala Publications
The Maya's rich traditions has survived much upheaval and violence since the arrival of the Spanish in the fifteenth century.
For Antmann, who was born in the Bronx, New York to German and Austrian Holocaust survivors, it's been a privilege to be able to witness the Mayan way of life.
“I feel an umbilical cord to Guatemala,”Antmann said, adding that her adoptive daughter is from San Pedro.
As a Fulbright scholar, she spent 1979 through 1981 in the Peruvian Andes recovering the work of the late acclaimed but forgotten photographer Sebastian Rodriguez. A current professor at Baruch College in NYC, she spent the past 12 summers in Guatemala. Though she has recently focused on Guatemala, she has devoted much of her award-winning photography to documenting the people and places of Mexico and Peru.
A view of Lake Atitlan, which as Antmann explains in her book, is threatened by pollution and overpopulation. Fran Antmann
“What is most significant to me is the way I was accepted into this community, and how I gradually gained access to and built a bridge of trust to the families and natural healers,” said Antmann.
Another important part of this long trajectory was the experience of going back to San Pedro with the book in hand, sharing it with the healers, and seeing how much it meant to them," she said. "I can't think of anything more gratifying for a photographer working in another culture.”
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK, TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
The Easton Redding Community Care Coalition Parents Committee continues to reach out to the Easton Redding communities, inviting community members to attend monthly meetings to discuss how to provide safe environments for teens in our homes, at schools and in the larger community.
All community members are invited attend. The next meeting is Wednesday, Oct. 11, at 6 p.m. in the Joel Barlow High School choral room.
The focus for the October meeting includes how to create a safe home for teens, social hosting laws, and the Safe Rides program. We are also researching a student survey and conducting a mock crash simulation.
The coalition's Parent Committee had informational tables set up and met with many concerned parents at three back-to-school open houses at John Read Middle School, Helen Keller Middle School and Joel Barlow High School. For more information or to be added to the email distribution list, contact [email protected]
Finally, Mike Santangeli, administrator of athletics and health education at Barlow, is forming a student subcommittee of the Easton Redding Community Care Coalition. The organization is continuing to grow.
For further information, look at eastonreddingccc.com or contact Santangeli, [email protected]
Men are more likely to have a heart attack after a snowfall, and it's probably from the exertion of shoveling snow, Canadian researchers reported Monday.
They found a slight increase in both heart attacks and deaths from heart attack in Quebec after a storm. The likelihood went up with each extra day of snow, they reported in the Canadian Medical Association Journal.
A man shovels snow from a street during a winter storm in New York on Feb. 9, 2017. Jewel Samad / AFP - Getty Images
"We suspect that shoveling was the main mechanism linking snowfall with myocardial infarction (heart attack)," Dr. Nathalie Auger of the University of Montreal Hospital Research Center and colleagues wrote.
"Men are potentially more likely than women to shovel, particularly after heavy snowfalls. Snow shoveling is a demanding cardiovascular exercise requiring more than 75 percent of the maximum heart rate, particularly with heavy loads," they added.
The team studied 128,000 heart attack cases between 1981 and 2014, and more than 68,000 people who died.
A single day of snowfall raised a man's risk of heart attack by just less than 1 percent, they wrote, and it raised his risk of dying from a heart attack by 12 percent.
Related: Teens Shoveling Snow for Cash Save Stranger's Life
Eight inches of snowfall raised the risk 16 percent compared to a day in the same month that did not have snow, they reported, and men were one-third more likely to die of a heart attack the day after an eight-inch snowfall, compared to a dry day.
Women were not more likely to either have heart attacks or to die of them after snow, the team found.
Snow shoveling is hard. It's not a daily activity, and it strains the heart, Auger's team said. People often exhale hard with their mouths closed while lifting a heavy shovel full of snow, a dangerous habit called the Valsalva maneuver, they noted.
Related: Snow Shoveling 101: Use Your Head, Save Your Back
Using the arms intensively and repetitively, especially while standing upright, can also raise the risk that a piece will break off from a clogged artery, the researchers noted. Cold temperatures make blood vessels constrict, which adds to the danger.
It might not only be shoveling that does it. People using snow blowers have also been reported to have higher rates of heart attack, the Canadian team noted.
The National Safety Council has some advice for how to safely shovel snow:
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
PHILADELPHIA (AP) – Mikal Bridges scored 21 points and Jalen Brunson had 19 to lead No. 1 Villanova to its eighth straight win, 98-78 over Creighton on Thursday night.
The Wildcats (21-1, 8-1 Big East) tied a program record with 19 3-pointers and provided a nice diversion for a city consumed with the Philadelphia Eagles and the Super Bowl.
Yes, the best team in college basketball plays across the street from the NFC champs. It just takes a lot to notice around town this week.
Creighton (17-6, 7-4) became the latest team to learn the hard way just talented the Wildcats are and how they can win in almost any possible.
Omari Spellman hit four 3s and scored 14 points, Brunson made 4 of 5 3s and Bridges, Eric Paschall and Donte DiVincenzo each made three.
Marcus Foster led the Bluejays with 20 points.
The Wildcats are just waiting for March at this point of the season, and are cruising toward their fifth straight regular-season Big East title and yet another No. 1 or 2 seed in the NCAA Tournament.
Collin Gillespie's emergence can only strengthen the Wildcats down the stretch.
Gillespie, who had eight points and five assists, missed seven games over five weeks this season with a broken left and played his fifth game since his return. Gillespie, a 6-foot-2 freshman guard, has gone from role player to key cog with Phil Booth out indefinitely with a broken bone in his right hand. Gillespie played perhaps his best all-around game of the season and helped the Wildcats build an 18-point lead in the first half.
Gillespie had two assists early during a 7-0 run. He buried a 3-pointer then took a charge from Marcus Foster on the other end that got the Wildcats rolling. He had an assist on Brunson's four-point play during a 22-4 run that gave the Wildcats their biggest lead of the half.
Only injuries could slow the Wildcats. Gillespie and Booth have been hurt and forward Jermaine Samuels remains sidelined with a broken left hand. Bridges came up limping on his left ankle early in the second half and took a quick seat on the bench. The Wildcats used only seven players in the first half and depth issues, coupled with any more injuries, could crush their bid for a second national title in three seasons.
Is Davido's “30 Billion for the akant” phrase doing More Harm than Good? Veteran Actor Patrick Doyle thinks so
Veteran actor Patrick Doyle in an interview with Hip TV while explaining the impact of entertainment and pop culture in the people, said the '30 billion for the account' slogan is not a good message to pass to the young people. He explained that singers who are conscious of the message they pass with their […]
The post Is Davido's “30 Billion for the akant” phrase doing More Harm than Good? Veteran Actor Patrick Doyle thinks so appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Two Hamilton police officers were injured after a car ran a red light and smashed into a police van.
It happened shortly after 4:30 p.m. Sunday at the intersection of Cannon St. and Victoria Ave. North.
A marked police van was travelling through the intersection on a green light when it was struck on the passenger side by a black Toyota.
“Although the collision was very severe, the officers sustained minor injuries while the driver of the Toyota was uninjured. Through investigation police learned the driver was distracted by his cell phone at the time of the collision,” said Hamilton police in a news release.
A 28-year-old Hamilton man has been charged with careless driving.
MADRID (AP) — Former Chelsea and Real Madrid defender Ricardo Carvalho has been convicted of tax fraud in Spain.
Although he will not have to spend any time in jail, the 39-year-old Carvalho was sentenced to seven months in prison and fined almost 143,000 euros ($168,000) for irregularities committed against tax authorities in the fiscal years of 2011 and 2012.
The Spanish court says Carvalho admitted to the irregularities during the trial. He will not have to go to prison because sentences of less than two years for first-time offenders can be suspended.
The veteran Portugal defender moved from Chelsea to Real Madrid in 2010. He played with the Spanish club until 2013.
Carvalho is currently with Chinese club Shanghai SIPG.
Planning a final summer road trip? You may want to set aside some extra time for your drive — and practice some deep breathing techniques: You'll likely encounter some aggressive behavior, aka, road rage.
A new report by Auto Insurance Center analyzed over 100,000 posts on Instagram tagged with #RoadRage to pinpoint when it most commonly occurs and while March saw the most posts this year so far, summer months see #roadrage posts peak, with AIC noting August, a popular time for road trips, as the angriest month in the calendar year.
The AIC also found that #roadrage posts spike on Fridays, and are the least popular on Sundays and Mondays, and that users post most about road rage between 9 and 10 PM, a finding that surprised the AIC.
“We expected rush hour to be the most common time, but it's actually much later at night,” said Justin Loera, senior insurance market analyst for AIC. The AIC didn't look into why this time pattern has emerged, but it could have a lot to do with the age group that is most commonly posting on Instagram: millennials.
"Millennials are the largest demographic using Instagram and the ones most likely to include hashtags in their posts including #roadrage," said Andrew Selepak, a professor in the department of telecommunication at the University of Florida, and director of the graduate program in social media."Millennials often take summer jobs and internships that don't include normal 8 to 5 work hours. Instead, they are working internships or waiting tables that gives them irregular hours including later in the morning and later in the evening."
So, are millennials just angrier than everybody else? Probably not; but they are generally more tuned in with social media as a platform to make their upsets known.
Nebraska Beats Out D.C and NYC — But Road Rage Is Everywhere
Thanks to geotagging, the AIC could also identify where some #roadrage posts are coming from, and discovered yet another surprise: Nebraska drivers seem to have the worst tempers (or at least, theirs are the most documented on Instagram this year so far).
“New York and Washington D.C have historically been at top, but this year Nebraska came it at number one for #roadrage posts,” said Loera. “I can't say why Nebraska has surpassed these other places, but this year we did have a much larger portion of geotagged posts.” In other words, Nebraska's road rage problem may not be new — we just may be only now able to better measure it because more people are using location tags.
But here's the bigger takeaway about road rage: it's a problem throughout the U.S and it seems to be getting worse. Loera says that 2017 is on track to greatly surpass 2016 in terms of road rage related posts.
Tamra Johnson, a spokesperson for AAA National, said that in an AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety survey last year (its most recent on the topic of road rage), nearly two in three drivers stated that they felt aggressive driving was a bigger problem then than it was three years prior, and nine out of 10 said they perceived aggressive drivers as a serious threat to their own safety.
We're Part Of The Problem
Who are these aggressive drivers bullying us on the road? Sadly, a lot of the time, it's us.
“We found that 80 percent of drivers admitted to some form of aggression, and even more alarmingly, eight million drivers admitted to more extreme cases [of road rage] — like actually getting out of their vehicle to confront another driver, or using their car to ram another vehicle,” said Johnson. “Those instances can be extremely dangerous and even deadly.”
So, why are we so prone to losing our tempers on the road, and how can we keep our cool — even when we absolutely know another driver has done us wrong?
Patti Sabla, a licensed clinical social worker who specializes in anger management, finds that road rage often happens because we take the actions of other drivers really personally — rather than just letting it go.
Don't Take It Personally — And Lower Your Expectations
“We don't get angry because that blue truck cut off my white car. Instead we get angry because that person cut me off,” said Sabla. “Once we personalize what we perceive as bad behavior aimed towards us, it isn't hard for road rage to kick in.”
We also expect that other drivers will follow the rules of the road to a T, and be totally civil. That's fair enough — but if we lower our expectations of others, we could find ourselves pleasantly surprised, or at least, not laying on the horn.
“Unfortunately, there are people out there who just don't care about civility,” said Sabla. “So once we lower our expectations about these people, we are triggered less easily.”
Keeping your cool can be difficult for even those who consider themselves fairly chill.
“I'm generally a very calm person but for whatever reason when I'm driving I ought to be censored,” said Angela Smith, a 28-year-old in Boston. “Driving — not to mention finding parking — can be extremely frustrating especially when it seems like people are not paying attention — or worse — on their phones.”
It's tempting to call others out and let them know that you saw what they did there, and no, it's not okay. But what good can come out of that? At some point, you've just got to resolve to stay in your own lane — literally and figuratively. And if it's getting to your destination on time that you're worried about, giving yourself extra time to arrive can help.
“I used to get upset and anxious [because of other drivers], but I decided I didn't want to go through that anymore,” said Terry Bolo, a long-time Los Angeles resident. “So I just leave plenty of extra time and sit patiently in traffic. I am in no hurry, and I will get there eventually — calm and in one piece.”
2:43
Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:25
Latino barber tries to reconcile Trump presidency and immigrant roots
4:14
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 674 points, with Exxon Mobil sliding 5.3 percent. The 30-stock index also fell below 26,000. Friday also marked the first time since June 2016 that the Dow fell at least 500 points.
The S&P 500 fell 2.15 percent, with energy as the worst-performing sector. The Nasdaq composite declined 1.96 percent as a decline in Apple and Alphabet offset a strong gain in Amazon shares.
“The key for the market today is rising interest rates,” said Mike Baele, managing director at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. “The old adage is: ‘Bull markets don't die of old age, they are killed by higher interest rates.' That looms large.”
The U.S. economy added 200,000 jobs in January, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Economists polled by Reuters expected growth of 180,000. Wages, meanwhile, rose 2.9 percent on an annualized basis.
The report sent interest rates higher. The benchmark 10-year yield rose to 2.85 percent on the back of the report, hitting a four-year high. Investors have been jittery about the recent rise in interest rates, worrying they may be rising too fast.
On Friday, the 30-year yield rose its highest level since March.
TONIGHT: Clouds will gradually clear from west to east overnight as temperatures fall into the mid to upper 40s west near HWY 65 to the lower 50s east of HWY 63. Winds will diminish to 5-8 mph from the north.
TUESDAY: We'll have a partly cloudy to mostly sunny sky during the afternoon but clouds will move in from the west later in the day. It will be mild with high temperatures reaching the lower 70s with northerly winds at 6-12 mph.
EXTENDED: Two rounds of rainfall look possible this week, as upper level systems track through the region both Wednesday and Thursday night. Skies will be mostly cloudy Wednesday and it will be cooler with highs in the lower 60s and a chance of light showers. The best chance of rain Wednesday will be in areas west of HWY 63 and south of I-70 with the highest rainfall amounts up to a quarter inch near I-44. Thursday will start off dry with some sunshine and high temperatures reaching close to 70. A cold front moving through Thursday night will bring another chance of showers by mid-evening and overnight, ending by Friday morning. Friday will be cooler with high temperatures near 60. Trends continue to show one of the nicest weekends we've seen in quite some time, with highs in the low to mid 70s under sunny skies. Stay tuned to ABC 17 for the latest forecast and updates.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
The law would exempt small businesses, but several justices said that if the court opened the door, other states might tax all sales or even make the taxes retroactive.
"Do you have any doubt that other states facing insolvency will want to grab everything they can?" asked Justice Samuel Alito.
In 1967, the Supreme Court ruled that states could not force mail-order catalog companies to collect sales taxes unless a buyer lived in a state where the company had a physical presence — a retail store, a headquarters or a distribution center, for example. The court reasoned that the volume of mail-order business was minor compared to in-store sales and that catalog companies would face too big a burden in having to figure out the correct sales tax, given widely different rates around the company.
South Dakota concluded in 2016 that the explosion in online sales changed the market drastically. So it passed a law requiring all but the smallest retailers, including internet companies, to collect taxes on the sales they make in the state, even if they had no physical presence there.
Some of the court's conservatives said overturning the earlier rulings wasn't necessary, with the internet's largest retailers already collecting sales taxes because they have a physical presence in many states.
"Some say the problem has peaked, with the bigger companies already paying the taxes. The problem is diminishing," said Chief Justice John Roberts.
Several justices also worried that the task of figuring out tax rates for 12,000 different taxing jurisdictions nationwide could push small companies out of business, even though South Dakota's Jackley said software programs now make it possible for a retailer to instantly compute the correct sales tax simply by entering a buyer's ZIP code.
Internet companies opposed to the South Dakota law also said local laws vary widely on what goods are subject to sales taxes. During back-to-school tax holidays, for example, some states exempt clothing, but others don't, and the definition of what qualifies as school supplies varies widely.
Forcing internet retailers to pay sales taxes everywhere would stifle competition and make it much harder for start-ups to get into the market, the companies say. In a friend-of-court brief, eBay said taxing internet sales would place "crushing burdens on small online businesses, causing many to curtail operations and damaging the national economy."
And besides, the companies argued, while e-commerce is growing rapidly, it still accounts for only about 9 percent of all retail sales — a smaller share than catalog companies had when the Supreme Court exempted them from paying sales taxes in states where they had no physical presence.
The companies also noted that the largest internet retailer, Amazon.com, now pays sales taxes in all the 45 states that collect them. That leaves out only Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New Hampshire and Oregon. Some local communities have sales taxes in Alaska and Montana, but they are not levied statewide.
South Dakota said that the states could pick up a combined $34 billion a year if the court allows them to tax internet sales. But the General Accounting Office estimated that the number would be at most about $13 billion.
The Supreme Court has never held that a sales or use tax can be imposed on a retailer who sells to a customer who lives in a state where the company has no physical presence.
President Donald Trump gave the issue renewed visibility when he tweeted in early April that Amazon pays "little or no taxes to state & local governments." That wasn't correct: The company has collected taxes since April 1, 2017, on sales to customers in the states that have sales taxes, even though it is not legally required to do it.
By contrast, the online store at Trump.com, the official website of the Trump Organization, collects sales taxes only for purchases made by customers in Florida, Louisiana and Virginia.
The court will decide the case by late June.
Adewole, others advocate lifestyle change to reduce cancer scourge
…FG working towards reducing cost of treatment
Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole; Radiotherapy and Cancer Specialists, Prof. Abayomi Durosinmi-Etti; Oyo State Governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi and others have advised against carefree habit and lifestyle that promote risk factors to cancer diseases.
They gave the advice in separate addresses at the launch of the Oyo State five-year cancer control strategic plan, spanning five years (January 2018 to December 2022), in Ibadan, on Tuesday.
Wife of the state governor and founder of Access to Basic Medical Care Foundation, Chief Florence Ajimobi, who was the initiator of the project, as well as the state Commissioner for Health, Dr. Azeez Adedutan, said that the strategic plan was aimed at reducing cancer-related incidence and mortality.
In their goodwill messages, Wife of Niger State Governor, Dr. Amina Bello; Chief Medical Director, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof. Temitope Alonge; and representative of wife of Kwara State governor, Mr. Lanre Bello, harped on early detection and preventive measures to reduce the cancer scourge.
The minister lauded the state government and ABC Foundation for setting the pace for other states in the country with the cancer control strategic plan, an initiative he said Oyo State pioneered in the country.
Adewole, who rued what he called the low level of information and awareness on the debilitating effect of the disease across the country, said that the Federal Government was working hard to cause a significant reduction in the cost of cancer treatment.
Although he put the cost at conservatively $2,000 (N734,000) currently in the country, he said it was still a far cry to the $10,000 (N3.7m) it cost to treat cancer in neighboring Ghana.
He said that the FG would have loved to establish more cancer treatment centres across the country, in spite of the prohibitive cost, but was being hampered by competing demands of other life-threatening diseases such as heart diseases, hypertension, kidney failure, cirrhosis, among others.
The minister said, “This is the first time in the history of cancer in Nigeria that a state will make a strategic plan on it. We now know that 40 per cent of cancer can be prevented if we change our habits and lifestyle, while 40 per cent can be cured if detected early.
“In nearby Ghana, it cost $10,000 to treat cancer while it cost $2,000 to treat the same disease in Nigeria. But, even at that amount, it is still expensive for our people. We are working hard to make the treatment affordable.
“It is also advisable to localize this cancer plan, as this will be strategic to its success. Involvement of the local government administrations and other health platforms like the Primary Health Care should be integrated into the programme.”
In his keynote, Durosinmi-Etti, who was the pioneer chief medical director of the National Hospital, Abuja, identified smoking, excessive alcohol intake, albinos' exposure to sun and excessive body weight as some of the habits and lifestyles that promote cancer.
He said, “We need to pay attention to the spread of cancer in Nigeria in order to bring it to a near zero level. From research, we discovered that breast and cervical cancer account for 50 per cent of female mortality.
“Apart from Gombe, Ibadan is the only state in Nigeria with facilities to treat cancer and this call for absolute readiness to campaign for prevention rather than treatment. 33 per cent cure is sure with prevention and early detection.
“But, if people will just be careful about their habits and lifestyles, such as smoking, excessive drinking, exposure to paint and asbestos chemicals, excessive weight and obesity, as well as exposure to the sun in the case of albinos, there will be a significant reduction in cancer incidence.”
Launching the strategic plan, the governor said that the initiative was birthed with the collaborative efforts of the state government and the private sector.
Ajimobi stated that effective healthcare system could not be sustained by government alone, but with the support of the private sector, adding that mortality rate attributed to cancer had been alarming and must be nipped in the bud.
The governor said, “May I reiterate the fact that effective healthcare service delivery the world over is a joint venture between government and the private sector. It is evident that health cannot be sustained by government's efforts alone.
“As a responsive government, we have taken a preemptive review of the structure of the healthcare system with the requisite intent of meeting the health needs of our people. An extensive restructuring of the sector, which involves the three tiers of service provision across the state, is currently on-going.
“Permit me to use this opportunity to commend the efforts of my wife, who I unequivocally describe as a philanthropist par excellence. She is a woman with the milk of kindness and concern for the welfare and wellbeing of others. I thank her for this initiative and others before this.”
In her welcome address, the wife of the governor said that the plight of cancer patients informed her decision to play a major role in bringing smiles back to their faces, adding that the plan would harp on prevention of the disease rather than cure.
Mrs. Ajimobi hinted that the strategic plan was targeting 500,000 people for screening annually, with 165 centers to be created across the state, while soliciting a special cancer fund to assist cancer patients in the State.
She said, “A significant proportion of the citizenry are not aware of cancer, neither are the majority equipped with much-needed information to protect themselves and their loved ones from it, leading to late presentation.
“The strategic plan is targeted at five identified priority areas and will be implemented in two phases over the next five years. Its implementation will also be supervised and coordinated by a steering committee comprising of relevant stakeholders.
“Over the next three months, 1,320 nurses across the 33 Local Government Areas of the state will be trained on cancer screening and 165 screening centers (5 in each LGA), capable of screening 500 thousand people annually, will be established.
“Although this plan has been designed to be sustainable, there is a need to establish a Cancer Fund to support cancer patients in the state. I am also aware that the State Health Insurance Agency is almost done with plans to incorporate cancer care into all its products and packages.”
The post Adewole, others advocate lifestyle change to reduce cancer scourge appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Our writers at Erin Hills on who will win the U.S. Open, sleeper picks, the winning score and the biggest issue this week.
U.S. OPEN WINNER
Rex Hoggard: These things I know to be true: Players will complain about the golf course this week, the eventual winner will love Erin Hills, and Jon Rahm will factor into Sunday's outcome. Erin Hills will be won by a bomber, which Rahm is, and a player who is confident enough to take chances, which Rahm also is. That Rahm tied for 23rd last year as an amateur after a horrid start to his week only makes him a more attractive pick.
Ryan Lavner: Rickie Fowler. Probably the hardest star to predict, but there are three reasons to believe this is his week to break through: Big hitter, imaginative short game and unflappable approach.
Randall Mell: Dustin Johnson. On this big, brawny track with its wide fairways softened by rain, Johnson will have the shortest clubs into the greens and the best angles. He'll appear to be playing a different course from everyone else.
Will Gray: The “best player without a major” title will shift once again when Rickie Fowler lifts the trophy Sunday evening. Fowler has been rock-solid since his win earlier this year at PGA National, and he leads the Tour in total driving and sits third in scoring average. It's time.
SLEEPER OUTSIDE THE OWGR TOP 25
Hoggard: Since 2010, Billy Horschel has the third lowest scoring average at the U.S. Open, following four consecutive finishes inside the top 32 at his national championship, and his confidence is high following his victory last month at the AT&T Byron Nelson. He may not be the bomber everyone thinks will win, but he checks off all of the other boxes.
Lavner: Martin Kaymer. With closely mown areas surrounding nearly every green, Erin Hills somewhat recalls the new look at Pinehurst, where Kaymer dominated in 2014. Having options around the green should help the German, whose chipping and pitching keeps him from contending more often.
Mell: Lee Westwood. If Sergio Garcia can break through after all the heartache and doubt, why not Westwood? He has been third or better nine times in majors.
Gray: Shane Lowry. The Irishman had one hand on the trophy last year, but he has found his form once again with a T-6 finish at Wentworth and T-15 at the Memorial. Lowry loves tough courses (see his win at Firestone in 2015) and cracked the top 10 at Chambers Bay before last year's runner-up.
WINNING SCORE
Hoggard: Forget the total yardage. Forget that looming fescue and a forecast that will quickly turn Erin Hills into a muddy mess. The winning score will be under par this week. Let's go with 10 under par, largely because the layout has four par 5s and will not play nearly as long as some might think.
Lavner: 7 under. Don't even look at the scorecard yardage. It'll be significantly shorter than that, even with conditions that will be much softer than the USGA wanted. Four par 5s, a couple of drivable par 4s and perfect greens should lead to plenty of birdies. If the wind doesn't kick up, scores should be pretty good, at least by U.S. Open standards.
Mell: 12 under. With rain expected to soften the course, with four par 5s, with the USGA likely to error on the side of caution, the winner reaches double digits under par.
Gray: Anyone that tells you they have a confident read on how scoring will shake out on a brand-new venue is lying. But given the soft conditions and four par-5s facing players, I'll estimate that the winner will hit 6 under – one shot deeper into the red than Jordan Spieth reached two years ago at Chambers Bay.
WHAT WILL BE THE BIGGEST ISSUE
Hoggard: Although the fescue that frames Erin Hills has been the hottest topic this week, it will not be the headline on Sunday. The final takeaway will fixate on a common theme: pace of play. Although officials have set the pace at 4 hours, 52 minutes for Rounds 1 and 2, most players say it will be closer to the six-hour mark largely due to the tall fescue rough, four par 5s and the drivable par-4 second hole.
Lavner: Those dastardly bunkers. With ragged edges, uneven lies, unusual sand, awkward widths and even some holes surrounding them because of erosion, there's a good chance a player gets caught in one of those little devils and makes a big number.
Mell: Slow play. The biggest issue could end up being the penal bunkering, all the lost balls in the fescue or heavy winds, but you add all of these to four par 5s and some reachable par 4s, and this might be the slowest-played U.S. Open in history.
Gray: Forget the fescue. The biggest gripe by the end of the week will be the bunkers, which are fraught with nooks, crannies and uneven lies. Someone will bounce into a small finger of sand at an inopportune time, and the unusual design of these hazards will become a major storyline by week's end.
Cypriot television networks may face fierce competition from a planned new Russian-language channel which could attract a considerable number of advertisers.
Even though no formal complaint has yet been submitted to the Cyprus Broadcasting Authority, there is a lot of behind-the-scenes pressure on authorities to drop the condition of Greek subtitles in Russian-language broadcasts. In this way, they hope to limit the Russian channel's number of viewers and hence the interest of Cypriot businesses in advertising.
The Russian-language channel has only recently secured a temporary broadcast licence, subject to the rule that its broadcasts will have Greek subtitles. This term was applied because the Cyprus Radio Television Authority needed to be able to control the channel's broadcasts without hiring additional personnel fluent in Russian.
This channel's licence, as well the licences of all other non-subscription channels in Cyprus, expired on 30 June 2018. The Cyprus Radio Television Authority is currently reviewing applications submitted for new temporary licences which will be valid until 30 June 2019.
Shareholders of the company behind the creation and operation of the Russian-language channel network were willing to abide with the directives of the Cyprus Broadcasting Authority from the start and have already approached companies with relevant experience in subtitling.
According to sources, members of the Board of Directors of Cyprus Broadcasting Authority are considering withdrawing the demand for subtitles. Overall, it appears that the broadcasting Authority is heading towards a partial withdrawal of the term: in particular, it is probable that some of the broadcasts and not all of them will be subtitled.
Former Temptations member Dennis Edwards, who contributed lead vocals to such hits as "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone," "I Can't Get Next to You" and "Ball of Confusion," died Thursday in a Chicago hospital after a long illness, the singer's manager confirmed to ABC News.
He would have turned 75 on Saturday.
Edwards joined the Temptations in 1968 after original member David Ruffin was fired. His gritty, gospel-influenced vocals were featured prominently on most of the band's ensuing hits.
Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images
He was fired from the group in 1977, and that same year he married Ruth Pointer of the Pointer Sisters. Although the marriage was brief, the couple had a daughter, Issa, in 1978.
Edwards rejoined the Temptations in 1980 and stayed with the group until 1984. As a solo artist, he scored a No. 2 hit on the R&B charts with "Don't Look Any Further" in 1984. Dennis returned to the band for one more stint that lasted from 1987 to 1989. He was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Temptations in '89.
Since the 1990s, Edwards had toured with his own version of the Temptations called the Temptations Review Featuring Dennis Edwards. The group's lineup also featured Paul Williams Jr., son of late founding Temptations singer Paul Williams.
Paul Redmond/WireImage/Getty Images
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE: TSM), or TSMC for short, is the largest contract chip manufacturer. As such, its financial performance can be a reasonable indication of how things are going for many other chipmakers, particularly those chipmakers that sell products into mobile devices (since more than half of TSMC's revenue comes from sales of chips into communications applications).
Continue Reading Below
In this column, I'd like to look at the comments that TSMC made about its business expectations and the overall chip industry on its most recent earnings call, which should be useful not just to investors in TSMC, but more generally to investors with exposure to the semiconductor industry.
TSMC relies on sales of phones like the iPhone for much of its revenue. Image source: Apple.
Second-quarter drop explained
TSMC CFO Lora Ho explained that the company will see lower demand during the second quarter of the year (that's the current quarter) “due to supply chain inventory management during the second quarter and mobile product seasonality.”
TSMC co-CEO Mark Liu added some additional color to the inventory situation, saying that the company's guidance in the second quarter “reflects a quite severe inventory adjustment by [TSMC's] customers, particularly in smartphone and PC market.” Despite that, Liu claims that actual smartphone demand in the marketplace “appears stable in the second quarter [of 2017].”
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
In other words, the sky doesn't appear to be falling in the smartphone market (Liu didn't explicitly address end-demand in the PC market), but TSMC's customers may have gotten ahead of themselves in terms of the kind of inventory they built up.
Market view and TSMC's guidance
Liu also offered TSMC's view of the overall chip market as well as TSMC's growth expectations for the year. He said TSMC's view of the semiconductor market — excluding memory (i.e., NAND flash and DRAM) — will grow 4% this year. TSMC's growth expectations for the contract chip manufacturing market, Liu indicated, is now 5%, down from a previous expectation of 7% thanks to “elevated inventory in the supply chain.”
Interestingly, Liu reiterated the company's previous full-year revenue growth target of between 5% and 10%, highlighting that this forecast indicates that TSMC expects to gain share in the contract chip manufacturing market.
It might come down to Apple
I think one of the keys to TSMC's performance this year — particularly in the second half of the year — will be the performance of Apple‘s (NASDAQ: AAPL) upcoming iPhone models in the marketplace.
Apple's upcoming iPhone models are hotly anticipated, and many analysts and investors appear to be expecting a “super cycle” for Apple once these new phones launch. Considering that TSMC generates significant direct revenue from Apple (Apple has TSMC build its internally designed chips) as well as significant indirect revenue (Apple suppliers build their chips at TSMC), robust iPhone performance in the marketplace would clearly be a positive for TSMC.
Moreover, it's worth noting that, broadly speaking, to the extent that Apple captures share against the major Android device vendors, TSMC should benefit. This is because most non-Apple flagship phones use integrated applications processors and modems designed by Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) and built by TSMC's direct rival, Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF).
This year's iPhone models, on the other hand, will likely feature applications processors built by TSMC as well as cellular modems also built by TSMC.
The better Apple does in the second half of this year, the better off TSMC should be.
10 stocks we like better than Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Ekiti got N8.8bn Paris Club refund first tranche – PDP
Ado-ekiti—The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ekiti State has dismissed claim by the Progressives Congress, APC, in the state that N9.5 billion was received by the state as first tranche of the Paris Club refund, saying that “Ekiti State and the 16 Local Councils received N8.8 billion out of which the State got N5.4 Billion and the Local Councils got N3.4 billion and no kobo has been received as second tranche of the refund by any State in the country.”
In a statement yesterday, by State publicity Secretary of the party, Mr Jackson Adebayo, the party said Nigerians were aware of the fact that the Nigeria Governors' Forum (NGF) hired a team of consultants to help secure the repayment of the over-deducted funds from the Federal Government when the FG was dragging its feet on the issue.
“It is even an irony that states and local councils in Nigeria are being treated like beggars on the refund of money belonging to them that was illegally deducted by the federal government. It is sad that instead of the federal government refunding the money it illegally deducted with apology to the States and Local Councils, it is the one giving terms,” the PDP said.
The party said it was funny that the same APC that ran the State aground, plunging the State into the debt that has caused financial embarrassment to the State during its four years rule is the one trying to get back to the minds of Ekiti people through false information.
“Everyone in Nigeria would also recollect that the consultants collected a certain percentage of the funds released to the 36 States of the federation and the FCT as consultancy fees and the issue of consultancy fees became a national issue as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) investigated the matter for several months,” the party said.
The post Ekiti got N8.8bn Paris Club refund first tranche – PDP appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HARTFORD, Conn. — Lawyers for a Connecticut city where a teenage girl was stabbed to death at her high school are asking a state judge to end a wrongful death lawsuit by the student's mother, saying school officials should not be held liable for the killing.
Attorneys for Milford and the city's schools filed the request in Superior Court earlier this month in the case involving 16-year-old Maren Sanchez.
Sanchez was killed at Jonathan Law High School by fellow student Christopher Plaskon on April, 25, 2014. Police alleged Plaskon was upset Sanchez rejected his prom invitation — a claim disputed by his lawyer. He pleaded no contest to murder and is serving a 25-year prison sentence.
In November 2013, Sanchez told her guidance counsellor that Plaskon had threatened to kill himself, and she worried he might be a danger to himself or others, the lawsuit says.
The lawsuit, filed by Donna Cimarelli-Sanchez two years ago, alleges school counsellors failed to fully follow rules, procedures and state law after hearing Sanchez's concerns.
Counsellors did not report those concerns to school administrators or state child welfare officials as required, did not send Plaskon to the school nurse for an evaluation and did not create a safety plan for his being in school, the lawsuit alleges. School officials also are accused of failing to prevent Plaskon from bringing a knife into school.
The motion filed April 6 by Milford's lawyers, James Tallberg and Patrick Allen, includes the city's most detailed responses to the allegations to date. It says there was never any indication that Plaskon was at risk to harm others.
After Sanchez relayed her concerns, her guidance counsellor called Plaskon's father, who said there were no previous indications that his son would harm himself and that he already was in counselling for possible depression, the motion says. Plaskon's parents immediately made an appointment for him with his therapist, who concluded he wasn't at risk for harming himself, the city's lawyers said.
Christopher Plaskon's guidance counsellor and a school social worker also evaluated him before allowing him to return to classes, and he assured them he was not suicidal, the motion says.
The city's lawyers say school officials took immediate action, but acknowlege they may not have fully followed the school's suicide policy.
“No doubt all of them (school officials) would have acted to their own risk and harm to prevent it if they had seen any signs of what was coming. But there were no signs,” Tallberg and Allen wrote. “Governing law and the facts of this tragic case establish that legal responsibility for the injuries and death of Maren Sanchez must not reach beyond Chris Plaskon himself.”
David Golub, a lawyer for Cimarelli-Sanchez, said he will submit a detailed response to the city's motion next month.
“The town is trying to avoid this case on a technical basis,” Golub said. “We think this case should be decided, and will be decided, on the evidence.”
Cimarelli-Sanchez also sued Christopher Plaskon and his parents in the same lawsuit. Plaskon and his parents settled for $1.6 million.
OAKLAND, Calif. — The NBA's Golden State Warriors will buy the popular half-time entertainer known as the Red Panda Acrobat a custom-made, $25,000 unicycle to replace the one stolen from San Francisco's airport.
KTVU-TV reports Friday that the team notified Rong Niu's agent of its plan to replace the 7-foot (2.13-meter) unicycle the acrobat uses in her plate-juggling routine at halftime shows across the country. Agent Pat Figley says the unicycle will be built in China.
Police released surveillance photos from San Francisco International Airport's baggage claim area showing a man wheeling away black bags containing the unicycle. Niu has had the unicycle stolen Jan. 24 for 30 years.
She is a regular performer for the Warriors, the Los Angeles Clippers and Los Angeles Lakers. She's also appeared on America's Got Talent.
——
Information from: KTVU-TV.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
Bill O'Brien scoffs at speculation about leaving Houston
Houston Texans coach Bill O'Brien didn't seem thrilled to be asked about his future on Monday.
O'Brien was asked to respond to speculation that an early playoff exit could see him leave the Texans. That was not a question he wanted to hear.
Bill O'Brien on speculation he could be leaving if Texans lose to Raiders: 'I don't even know if that's worthy of an answer.' — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) January 2, 2017
O'Brien has a playoff game to prepare for. The last thing he wants to hear about is speculation regarding his future, especially when said speculation seemed to come out of nowhere over the weekend. Perhaps there are things we don't know, but at this juncture, O'Brien departing the Texans seems pretty far-fetched.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 344 Hit-and-run suspect talks too much in Miami bond court Pause 52 Man on tricycle steals laundry detergent from apartment building 103 Seattle police surprise thieves sneaking out back door of Costco 562 Pulse shooter calls 911 a second time (unedited) 55 Pulse shooter pledges allegiance to ISIS 81 Broward couple charged with ripping off Miami of $700,000 55 Watch live shooter training drills conducted by Miami-Dade police 359 Watch surveillance video outside Douglas during school shooting 1622 Watch surveillance video outside Douglas during school shooting 130 Ex-medical student accused of posting UM classmates' pics on fetish websites Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Earl Lewis, who is accused of killing a father and son in a crash on the Dolphin Expressway, made his first appearance in Miami-Dade circuit court. Courtesy Pool
Earl Lewis, who is accused of killing a father and son in a crash on the Dolphin Expressway, made his first appearance in Miami-Dade circuit court. Courtesy Pool
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: blagogee.com
2017-10-06
Miss Universe Ghana took place at the Labadi beach hotel, Ruth Quarshie crowned new Queen
Over the weekend a successful Miss Universe Ghana took place at the Labadi beach hotel as top 10 finalists of the pageants battled it out for one crown.
A 23-year-old business administration graduate, Ruth Quashie was crowned as Miss Universe Ghana 2017.
The runners-up were Hephie Armah, a final year student of the Ghana Institute of Journalism, and Emily Randolph, also a student at the Ghana Institute of Journalism who came in second and third respectively.
Miss Quashie drove home in a lustrous brand-new Hyundai Elantra, scored herself a one year-contract with a modelling agency in Italy and is expected to represent Ghana at the international pageant (Miss Universe).
The 10 ladies who were shortlisted out of several, before the grand finale had engaged in fierce competitions, training programmes to prove which one of the contestants merited the Miss Universe Ghana 2017 crown.
The ladies each represented regions in the country and gave brief speeches amid spectacular performances on why one should visit their respective regions.
Further, into the pageant, the contestants were reduced to five and then three finalists, each of them was made to answer questions from the judges.
After much scrutiny and assessments, the winner of the 2017 Miss Universe Ghana was crowned.
Speaking on the night CEO of MALZ Promotions Mrs. Menaye Donkor-Muntari, Miss Universe Ghana 2004 said: the pageant gives the winner the rare opportunity to be an ambassador of Ghana, being a reflection of what Ghana has to offer to the international market hence the need for massive support from Ghanaians on all platforms possible.
She continued that: “we need support from the Nation, whether online, Twitter, Instagram or whatever means to push our queen to win and that is our focus. We are not here to play, we are not here to have a winner and get a dinner and that is it.
If we have a product here why don't we promote her in Miss Universe, that is the focus and that is the drive.”
The night saw thrilling performances from Wutah and Cina Soul as well as intriguing dance performances and live band music.
Quyon JILL YOUNG 819-918-0623 jillianyoung6@gmail.com
Congratulations to Brittany McKenny and Kris Belsher on the birth of their first child, a beautiful baby boy named Emeric Frank. He arrived safely on Sept. 30 and is a grandson for Leo and Janet McKenny and Robert and Joan Belsher. Best wishes to the whole family.
This article is available only to subscribers to THE EQUITY (home delivery or online) who have registered for the News Alerts Service. If you have already registered for THE EQUITY's News Alerts Service, please log in here. If you wish to register for the News Alerts Service, you may register below. (For online subscribers please use the same email address used for your online subscription.)
Existing Users Log In Email Password Remember Me
Specialist officers are today continuing the search for a 25-year-old man who went in Leeds last week.
Daniel Hirst was last seen at about 9.30pm on Thursday near the Royal Armouries in Hunslet.
The 25-year-old from Beeston is described as white and was wearing a black thigh length jacket, dark bottoms, a black baseball cap and a cream coloured shirt.
Detective Inspector Richard Holmes, of Leeds District CID, said: "We are concerned for Daniel's welfare and have been conducting enquiries to find him.
"He is known to frequent the Beeston area and Leeds city centres areas. I would ask anyone who has seen him or has informaton about his whereabouts to contact Leeds CID on 101 referencing log 1754 of 13/4/17. "
Supasundae proved too strong for Faugheen as he won the BHP Insurance Irish Champion Hurdle at Leopardstown.
The Willie Mullins-trained Faugheen had plenty to prove following his Christmas eclipse at this track and for a long way it looked as though he might return to form in a blaze of glory in the Grade One feature.
However, after being closely tracked by the Jessica Harrington-trained winner throughout, Faugheen ultimately had no answer as Robbie Power kicked after the last and Supasundae (8-1) powered home to get the better of the 9-10 favourite by two and a quarter length.
Mick Jazz came home in third place with Davy Russell on board.
Power was over the moon with the victory and paid special compliment to Supasundae's improved hurdling.
"He's a fantastic horse and he has improved a hell of a lot – the better ground helped him I'd say," he told the HRI.
"The most pleasing thing today was his jumping, he's never jumped like that in his life. And Faugheen is not easy to get past and ran a cracking race – so this is special."
Harrington added that the horse's only entry in Cheltenham is in the SunBets Stayers Hurdle and that's where the winner would go next.
"Robbie was sure when he had Faugheen in his sights at the last hurdle that he'd stay all the way. I came here as a prep run for the 3m hurdle at Cheltenham – that's some prep run. He's only in the 3m hurdle at Cheltenham so that's where he's going. He does not like soggy ground and comes to his own in the spring."
Staffing at the Office of the Director of Corporate Enforcement has fallen by more than 18% since 2010, according to figures released by the Government, or 24.5% when the number of gardaí working in the office is included.
In response to a parliamentary question from Fianna Fáil's Spokesperson on Jobs Niall Collins TD, Minister for Jobs Mary Mitchell O'Connell said that there were 35 people employed in the ODCE last year.
That compares to 43 in 2010, with reductions in staffing across a number of senior grades.
The number of Gardaí working at the ODCE has also fallen, from ten in 2010 to five last year.
The ODCE is tasked with ensuring that businesses operating in Ireland comply with the Companies Act and has powers of enforcement including the pursuit of criminal prosecution.
Mr Collins described the staffing levels at the office as “dangerously low” and said the situation could hinder its ability to identify and deal with issues.
“White collar crime can have no place in the Irish economy,” he said.
“Without adequate staffing support, due to the retirement of existing staff and delays in filling vacant roles, the ODCE's ability to stamp out white collar crime is being severely hampered.”
In a statement Minister Mitchell O'Connell said the structure of the ODCE, including its staffing, had been reviewed by its director Ian Drennan following his appointment in 2012.
Following this the office sought sanction to recruit a number of new accountants, which has seen staffing in that area grow from two to five since 2010.
The office is seeking to hire another two accountants, while more recently it has been given approval to recruit a digital forensics specialist.
The statement also says that a “combination of retirement, promotion and transfer” has led to three vacancies at senior enforcement level.
Meanwhile retirements will also leave three vacancies in the office's Garda compliment, which the director has sought to have filled as a matter of urgency.
However the number of gardaí working at the ODCE will not return to the levels seen between 2010 and 2013, as that reflected the additional resources given to the office during its investigation into Anglo Irish Bank.
Researchers at Carnegie Mellon University have developed a paper that can track touch, which, among other applications, could lead to an inexpensive way to digitize writing. They're presenting their work this week at the ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems.
The paper itself is your typical, run-of-the-mill paper, but conductive material is applied to the back. While looking for the best conductive material to attach to the paper, the researchers wanted to make sure it was as inexpensive as possible and could be applied in a high-volume production scenario. Many materials were eliminated due to high costs, non-scalability and poor interaction with paper, but the researchers found two that were suitable -- a carbon-loaded plastic sheet that can be adhered to the paper and carbon-loaded paint that can be silk-screened, brushed or sprayed on.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). A plane drops fire retardant on a wildfire Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Fire crews search for hot spots among destroyed homes in the Rancho Monserate Country Club community Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed do...
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Dick Marsala looks through debris from his destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Bonsall, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuat...
(Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP). In this early morning Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, firefighters working on structure protection, keep a close eye on nearby flames atop Shepard...
(AP Photo/Noah Berger). Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Rd. near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
5:30 a.m.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest.
The fire, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday. It's just 10 percent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometers).
Officials say the blaze, which broke out a week ago in neighboring Ventura County, is now the 5th largest in California history.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
"It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer," said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
"It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend," Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokeswoman Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
Bill O'Brien admits he erred putting Tom Savage back in game
The Houston Texans are coming under heavy criticism for their handling of quarterback Tom Savage's head injury, and coach Bill O'Brien is taking full responsibility for it.
O'Brien admitted Monday that had he seen the video of Savage seizing up on the ground after a big hit, he never would have let his quarterback return to the game.
Texans coach Bill O'Brien says if he'd seen the video, Tom Savage wouldn't have gone back in: "I'm not passing the buck." OB expects TJ Yates to start Sunday. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) December 11, 2017
O'Brien is right to take the fall here — in the end, it falls on him that Savage played another offensive series after this before being pulled for good. That said, someone had to medically clear him to return. Clearly, there was more than one breakdown in the process here.
CLEVELAND, Ohio (AP) — Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
“He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Police update on Steve Stephens case https://t.co/p2QiXCCsk2 — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
Watch: Monday morning's press conference held by Cleveland officials
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
Law enforcement officials said that the last place his cellphone signal was tracked was in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland, on Sunday afternoon.
And nine schools were locked down Monday in Philadelphia, a more than six-hour drive from Cleveland, as police investigated possible sightings of Stephens.
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, his daughter said.
“Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone.”
She said her father, who had 10 children, was a gentleman with nothing mean about him. “We called him the junk man,” she said. “He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. He picked up bikes and he fixed them.”
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded his face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens mentioned, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
She also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was generous to everyone and was “kind and loving” to her and her children.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
In the separate video, Stephens said: “I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak.”
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. He helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer.
Mayor Jackson: Reward of up to $50,000 from ATF, FBI, Crimestoppers for information leading to the arrest of Steve Stephens. — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome, she said.
“We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured,” she said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up his employee identification and said: “I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too.”
This is a developing story. Check back here for updates.
Jeremy Clements and his family owned Xfinity Series team been doing a lot of “running around” in the weeks leading up to the 2018 season.
Clements' team has been “burning some gas” as they get their No. 51 Chevrolet compatible with NASCAR's new Hawkeye inspection system, which will debut at Daytona International Speedway.
“Coming from a small team, going to that (Hawkeye system), we've been to that of course (at the NASCAR Research and Development Center),” Clements said Saturday on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio's “The Front Stretch.” “Our cars all failed like first time, each time. We had to go back to the body guy. He had to take another swing at it and he got her fixed up. It's definitely been tough at first to be honest. We don't have any of that stuff.”
Ryan Newman said at the NASCAR Media tour that Richard Childress Racing spent $350,000 to install its own Hawkeye inspection rig at its shop in Welcome, North Carolina.
The process includes 17 cameras and eight projectors that will produce a 3D model of the car. That is then compared to the CAD model of the car to determine how far away it is from the tolerance.
Without anywhere near the kind of funding RCR enjoys, JRC has trekked to NASCAR's R&D center to become familiar with the process.
MORE: Friday Five details new pit road rules
But unlike most teams, Clements' isn't based in the Charlotte, North Carolina, area and neither is their body specialist.
The team's shop is based out of Spartanburg, South Carolina, a 75-mile trip one way from Charlotte. The specialist is near RCR's shop, which is roughly an hour northeast of Charlotte.
“He's up a good way,” Clements said. “We've been running around a lot lately. My guys have been working a lot of hours and going back and forth. It's been a problem for sure, but I think it'll get better for sure. Too early to tell right now … It's going to take it a few races to get all sorted out.”
When it is firmly established, Clements believes it will “level the playing field” for small teams like his, which earned its first NASCAR win last year at Road America and made the Xfinity playoffs.
“I don't think they (big teams) can do all the trick stuff they were doing,” Clements said. “Now I'm sure they'll figure out other ways to do other things, but that's the name of the game.”
The new inspection process isn't the only new element NASCAR has introduced that Clements' team will have to adapt to.
NASCAR is limiting the number of pit crew members allowed over the wall during pits stops from six to five. It has also mandated the use of standardized pit guns over a gun created by teams.
Clements sees the standardized pit gun as significant move that will help his team.
“That's good because that was getting kind out of hand,” said Clements, who estimated the team must pay $300 to rent a gun. “Only drawback to that is just, I hate to say it, but the money we got to spend for that.
“We're trying not trying to spend in every direction, but that's the only negative to that part. But I like that the guns are supposed to be all equal because they were definitely getting out of hand.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
University of Nebraska President, Hank Bounds, says he's sickened by senseless violence and racist, white supremacist and Neo-Nazi beliefs on display in Charlottesville, Virginia. Calling it, quote, “disgusting beliefs”, in a prepared statement, Bounds said the University of Nebraska stands with colleagues at the University of Virginia who are working to keep their community safe against hateful ideology and violence. Bounds hopes the entire University of Nebraska family will ask what more can be done to put values into action. Hundreds of people gathered on Tower Square in downtown Lincoln on Sunday evening to pay their respects. It was a chance for people to turn the conversation from hate to love. Donations collected during the rally will help victims injured in the Charlottesville crash.
Major-General Yoav Mordechai, the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories, has sent a harsh letter to the head of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) delegation in Judea, Samaria and Gaza following the incident in which a Red Crescent ambulance was documented assisting Palestinian Authority rioters in Ramallah under the guise of medical treatment.
Mordechai wrote "I view this very seriously and demand that you investigate the case and update [us] on the findings."
An update to Google's Phone app began rolling out to users earlier today. Besides enabling the seamless video calling feature with Duo, which also works on v14, this update comes with a few additions of its own. The previously discussed Assisted Dialing feature for international travelers has been enabled and is ready to make life a little easier, and users on Android 8.1 will now see the white navigation bar that's been creeping into a few of Google's apps. If you're using a dual-SIM phone, you might also be getting the option to pick your SIM immediately before a call, though this might not be live yet. As always, we've got a download link at the bottom if you want to grab the apk right away.
What's New
Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Assisted dialing for international travelers
White navigation bar
Assisted dialing for international travelers
A teardown of last month's update to the Phone app turned up signs of a new assisted dialing feature that promised to fix phone numbers when you're traveling outside of your home country. With version 15, this feature is now live.
Open the settings screen and you'll find a new area titled Assisted dialing with an option to turn it off–it's enabled by default–and a place where you can specify your home country if it's not automatically recognized by the app.
Assisted dialing will now automatically prefix your phone calls with the appropriate country code of your home country if you venture into foreign territory. This should save quite a bit of time manually adding the code to all of your phone numbers.
White navigation bar
Left: v14. Right: v15. (Android 8.1)
If you're running Android 8.1, you've probably noticed your navigation bar getting not-so-black. As OLED displays are becoming ubiquitous in many new smartphones, screen burn-in and retention issues are again becoming a common story again. Google's solution has been to switch over to an all-white navigation bar so the pixels are abused evenly. This has already happened with Maps, Gmail, Photos, and a few others. Now Google's Phone app joins the trend. If you're running a version of Android below 8.1, you won't see this change.
Teardown
Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk.
Pre-call support for dual-SIM phones
Multi-SIM phones have become a common topic in teardowns lately, and after some clues turned up in last month's teardown of v14, it's no surprise to see that the v15 release has something new to share. This time we're strictly looking at a pre-call interface for choosing which SIM you want to use before making a call.
Upon starting a call, the Phone app will prompt users to choose which of their SIMs to use, assuming they have more than one installed. There's an option to remember the selected option and hints about which one was used previously.
Again, I don't have any dual-SIM phones to test with, so I can't be sure if this is live or not. If you're in a position to test this, let us know in the comments if v15 enables pre-call support for dual-SIM phones.
strings Choose SIM for this call
Recently used
Uses same carrier
Remember this choice
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
Version: 15.0.178328112
LOS ANGELES COUNTY
“Bullshot Crummond”
A parody by John Neville Andrews, Derek Cunningham, Ron House, Alan Shearman and Diz White of low-budget 1930s detective movies.
When: Opens 8 p.m. June 1. Show runs 8 p.m. Friday-Saturday; 2:30 p.m. Sunday through June 24. Also, 8 p.m. June 7 and June 21.
Where: West Valley Playhouse, 7242 Owensmouth Ave., Canoga Park.
Tickets: $28; $26 seniors and students.
Information: 818-884-1907, www.wvplayhouse.com
“Coriolanus”
William Shakespeare's tragedy about political manipulation and revenge.
When: Opens 8 p.m. June 2. Show runs 8 p.m. June 9; 4 p.m. June 16 and 23; dates through Sept. 23.
Where: Will Geer's Theatricum Botanicum, 1419 N. Topanga Canyon Blvd., Topanga.
Tickets: $25/$38.50; $15/$25 ages 65 and older and students; $10 ages 5-15.
Information: 310-455-3723, www.theatricum.com
“A Midsummer Night's Dream”
William Shakespeare's romantic comedy.
When: Opens 4 p.m. June 3. Show runs 4 p.m. June 10, 17 and 24; dates through Sept. 3.
Where: Will Geer's Theatricum Botanicum, 1419 N. Topanga Canyon Blvd., Topanga.
Tickets: $25/$38.50; $15/$25 ages 65 and older and students; $10 ages 5-15.
Information: 310-455-3723. www.theatricum.com
“With Love, Marilyn”
One-woman play by Erin Sullivan about Marilyn Monroe.
When: 8 p.m. June 4.
Where: Rockwell Table & Stage, 1714 N. Vermont Ave., Los Angeles.
Tickets: $20-$40 (plus two-item drink/food minimum).
Information: 323-669-1550.www.rockwell-la.com
Hollywood Fringe Festival
Various entertainment including absurd, comedy, dance, drama, dramedy, dark humor, ensemble, historical, inspiring, LGBT, musical theater, political, solo, storytelling and women.
When: June 7-24. Some shows have earlier previews, May 31-June 5.
Information: Check www.hollywoodfringe.org for shows, tickets, opening and closing parties and venues.
ORANGE COUNTY
“Clyburne Park”
Bruce Norris' spin-off of Lorraine Hansberry's groundbreaking drama “A Raisin in the Sun” looks at the evolving state of race and real estate in a Chicago neighborhood with sharp satire. Note: The play contains strong language.
When: Previews begin Wednesday, June 6. 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, June 6, and 2 and 7:30 p.m. Thursday, June 7. Regular performances begin Sunday, June 10 and continue through June 24.
Where: Laguna Playhouse, 606 Laguna Canyon Road, Laguna Beach
Tickets: $51-$71 for previews; $56-$81 for regular performances
Information: 949-497-2787; lagunaplayhouse.com
“Elvis '68”
Casey Ryan stars as Elvis Presley in this behind-the-scenes recreation of the TV performance that came to be known as the '68 Comeback Special.
When: 8 p.m. Friday, June 1 and Saturday, June 2; 6 p.m. Sunday, June 3. Show runs through June 9.
Where: Maverick Theater, 110 E. Walnut Ave., Fullerton
Tickets: $30 general admission, $15 students with ID
Information: 714-526-7070; mavericktheater.com
RIVERSIDE COUNTY
“King Lear”
Shakespeare in the Vines kicks off its season with the classic tragedy from the Bard where the titular character descends into madness.
When: 7:30 p.m. June 7-10, 14-17 and 21-23.
Where: Baily Vineyard & Winery, 33440 La Serena Way, Temecula
Tickets: $22 general admission; $30 reserved seating; $17 for seniors (55 and older), students and military with valid photo ID.
Information: www.shakespeareinthevines.org; 951-402-7488
“Sister Act”
The Temecula Valley Players will put on the musical based on the Whoopi Goldberg movie about a singer in the witness protection program posing as a nun.
When: 7:30 p.m. June 7-9, 14-16, 21-23; 2 p.m. June 10, 17 and 24.
Where: Old Town Temecula Community Theater, 42051 Main St., Temecula
Tickets: $12 on Thursdays; $17 and $27 on Fridays; $22 and $27 on Satursays and Sundays.
Information: tickets.temeculatheater.org; 866-653-8696
SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY
3 on the Edge Festival
The Chino Community Theatre will present three plays from Edward Albee, including “A Delicate Balance,” “Seascape” and “Marriage Play” at various times through June 10.
When: June 1-3 and June 7-10
Where: 13123 7th St., Chino
Tickets: $15 for adults; $12 for seniors and students. Festival pass $36 for adults; $30 for seniors and students. Festival tickets must be purchased by calling the box office.
Information: www.chinocommunitytheatre.org; 909-590-1149
NEWBERRY — Newberry County's proposed operating budget for fiscal year 2017-18 is balanced, with totals for revenues and expenditures equalized at $23,911,852.
According to County Administrator Wayne Adams, the balance was not achieved without difficulty.
“The difficulty arises from two very basic objectives, manage the three property tax levies under county council's control and maintain fund balance at a level that preserves the County's liquidity, financial flexibility and credit rating,” he said. “From a high watermark in 2008 to the current fiscal year, total tax liability under the three council determined property tax levies have dropped from 159 mills to 141.2 mills.
“That 17.8 mill (11.2%) decrease occurred even as annual revenue from state aid to subdivisions decline by approximately $660,000, the equivalent of 5.1 mills,” he added. “During the period, growth in recurring expenditures has been held within the bounds of growth in the tax base.”
Adams added that this new fiscal year will bring new spending pressures, on what the staff is conservatively estimating to be a flat revenue base. The most notable is the operating costs resulting from capital projects approved under the penny sales tax.
This will add more than $400,000 in recurring expenditures, $335,000 for the 800 MHz radio system and $70,000 for the Newberry Museum. There are also increased employer contribution requirements under the South Carolina Retirement System (SCRS) and South Carolina Police Officers Retirement System (SCPORS).
These total $99,388 for the new fiscal year, and are expected to climb in the years ahead.
“New pressures on capital budgeting come from the need to develop site inventory in order to attract economic development prospects. Today, inventory translates into spec buildings and pad-ready building sites that can accommodate up to 300,000 square feet of building space,” Adams said. “Aside from the $178,500 council has already appropriated to engineer the earth moving to reach the 300,000 square foot threshold, the cost of the site work itself is estimated at $1 million. The proposed capital budget appropriates only $320,000 of this amount.”
Adams noted a few omissions from this year's budget, on the operations side there is no increased funding for employee salaries, and on the capital side the $205,800 budgeted last year, and previous years, for repairs to the fairgrounds is eliminated.
Also removed was the $475,000 that remained from the courthouse drainage improvement budget after the current work to provide positive surface drainage away from the building through grade changes/landscaping. The debt service levy contains no funding to purchase additional emergency service equipment.
“Staff made these choices/recommendations for the sake of remaining within parameters already discussed: managing the overall levy and marinating six months' operating expenses in reserve (fund balance),” Adams said.
While the staff did not recommend increased indebtedness or increased millage for the new fiscal year, they did recommend would recommend alternatives over increased use of fund balance. Moody's recently awarded an essential Double-A bond rating, based partly on the strengths of its history of maintaining strong reserve levels.
“Moreover, in my opinion, our reserve levels represent the backbone of our fiscal policy and should be guarded jealously,” Adams said.
Councilman Scott Cain said he believed they should have a vote to not include the $205,800 for the fairgrounds repairs.
“Several years ago we met at the fairgrounds, we walked around it, we looked at it, we came back and had an open vote to put it in our budget. We have not done it, so I do not think we can just delete it if we voted it in, I think we need to have a vote to delete it or not, we already voted to do it, we just have not done it,” he said.
Adams said council can have a specific vote to do it or not, but said the thinks if council approved this budget as it is drafted, than they will have had a specific vote not to do it, because it is not budgeted.
General Operating Budget
The General Operating Budget is balanced, with both revenues and expenditures equalized at $23,911,852, according to Adams this is a little under $6,000 over fiscal year 2016-17. With the revenue data, and recommended spending levels, Adams believes the fiscal year 2017-18 revenue requirements will be met without the need for an increase in the millage levy for county operations.
The top three revenue sources for Newberry County for fiscal year 2017-18 are current real estate taxes at $12,986,625, vehicle taxes at $1,974,719 and the local government fund at $1,417,103.
When it comes to expenditures four departments had changes greater than 10% or $50,000 for the new fiscal year. Non Departmental is recommended at $420,400 for the new fiscal year, which is $85,630 less than last year. Communications expenditures are recommended at $1,164,710 which is $277,477 more than last year. Economic Development decreased by $165,712 to $876,955 and the Newberry Museum, a new line item, is at $70,000.
The change in Non-Departmental is due to changes in areas such as Worker's Compensation and health insurance. The increase in Communications is for recurring charges that will be incurred for the 800 MHz Radio Communication CPST project.
“The $70,000 recommended for the Newberry County Museum is an entirely new expenditure line item and is intended to assist in operating costs associated with the new facility,” Adams said.
By Andrew Wigger [email protected]
Reach Andrew Wigger at 803-276-0625 ext. 1867 or on Twitter @ TheNBOnews.
Reach Andrew Wigger at 803-276-0625 ext. 1867 or on Twitter @ TheNBOnews.
LAKELAND, Fla. (WFLA) – A Lakeland man is suing a friend who he says cheated him out of money from a $1 million lottery ticket.
Court records show John Rhoades filed a lawsuit against Tyler Scott, and Scott's girlfriend Brittany Causey. Wells Fargo Bank is also listed as a defendant.
Rhoades tells News Channel 8 he used his own money to purchase a winning Florida Lottery scratch-off ticket from a Wawa gas station located on Highway 98 in Lakeland.
He says he showed Scott the winning ticket, and his friend told him it was only worth $100,000. Rhoades alter learned it was worth $1 million.
According to the lawsuit, Rhoades has limited education and comprehension, and he did not have a driver's license. He asked Scott to drive to the Florida Lottery office in Tallahassee to cash in the winning ticket and agreed to give Scott $10,000 for the task. Rhoades was living with Scott at the time. He says he trusted his roommate and didn't think twice about letting him cash in the ticket.
The lawsuit claims Scott didn't hand over any money, and deposited the tax amount into a bank account instead. He allegedly gave Rhoades $35,000 two weeks later, then refused to fork over the remaining $29,000. At this time, Rhoades tells us he was still under the impression that the ticket was worth $100,000.
Kevin Cox, the plaintiff's attorney, called Scott to have him wire over the remaining $29,000 to Rhoades and the defendant obliged, according to the lawsuit.
Scott is currently on probation and his attorney, Paul Reed, claims his client was threatened by Rhoades' lawyers and decided to wire the remaining $29,000 to avoid a lawsuit and more jail time.
Reed also claims the winning ticket never belonged to Rhoades because it was bought for Scott with Scott's money.
Rhoades became suspicious when he noticed Scott had purchased an expensive truck and had been doing “outrageous spending” and decided to have someone call the Florida Lottery office. That's when he learned the ticket's real amount.
The lawsuit claims that Scott denied Rhoades access to his right of the money by cashing a ticket ten times the amount Rhoades thought it was worth.
A circuit court judge has ordered that Wells Fargo accounts where Scott deposited be frozen until the case is resolved.
Taylor Nash, the Deputy Communications Director of the Florida Lottery said the organization is aware of the lawsuit, but would not comment on the lawsuit or explain why there will be no response from the Florida Lottery regarding this matter.
The case is expected to be argued during a jury trial.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
The Texas Tech Student Chapter of the Mathematical Association of America (MAA) is a social club on campus for students who are interested in mathematics. We host meetings and social events once a month. If you become a national member, we will pay for you to attend the social events, free of charge to you! Our fundraiser for the semester is selling math finals from previous semesters during the last week of school. If you help out, we will treat you to a free steak dinner! To find out more information and meet us, come join us for free food and our meeting on February 7th at 5:30PM in Math 238!
This announcement is represented by a registered student organization.
The top player in the Duke Blue Devils' freshman class missed 11 games with an unexpected preseason knee surgery. Two other wheels in that hot rod of a rookie crew also missed time with injury. With one ill-timed foot-jerk reaction, its Wooden Award candidate earned himself an indefinite ride on the bench and the end of his team captaincy.
And now its Hall of Fame coach is out for up to four weeks.
Still think Duke gets all the breaks?
What began as a charmed season for the Blue Devils, starting atop the preseason polls thanks to an embarrassing largesse of talent and experience, has devolved into a whirling dervish of chaos in Durham.
And make no mistake this latest injury report --? Mike Krzyzewski will have back surgery to repair a herniated disc on Friday and could miss up to four weeks?--?is the most significant.
Krzyzewski may not have scored a point or dished an assist in more than four decades but he is the one absence you simply cannot X and O around. No disrespect to Jeff Capel, who will slide over to Krzyzewski's seat and who has been a successful head coach, but you don't simply call up the next guy on the bench to replace your Hall of Fame, 1,000-plus game-winning the greatest coach of all time.
Especially not now.
With Grayson Allen's tripping tendency still a hot-button issue and his punishment still open-ended with the jaws of the ACC season about to open wide, what Duke desperately needs right now is stability. There's not a more reliable visage in college hoops than Krzyzewski's poker face.
Twelve Final Four appearances, five national titles and three gold medals tend to act like a soothing balm to even the most frenetic teams.
Not that the Blue Devils are in a tailspin. Truth be told, considering all of the upheaval, their 12-2 record is pretty remarkable.
But they are at a critical and potentially vulnerable juncture.The school said Krzyzewski could be out for up to four weeks, which could mean missed dates with three ranked opponents (Louisville, Florida State and Notre Dame) and potentially four road games.
And that's being conservative and sticking strictly to the four-week window. Back injuries, however, can be notoriously tricky and Krzyzewski, who has lived with one for decades, needs to put himself above the team here. He owes it to himself to heal properly.
But while he recovers it will fall to Capel to navigate Duke through this tricky period. The Blue Devils are coming off a humbling 14-point loss to Virginia Tech. While it would be easy to pin the loss on the absence of Allen, that would also both discredit the Hokies and overlook the fact that Duke couldn't defend a doorpost. Virginia Tech shot 61 percent from beyond the arc, the Blue Devils' defense so porous Krzyzewski went to a zone.
That needs to be fixed -- and quickly. The reality is that the calendar may say January, but for the Blue Devils it's more like mid-November. Earlier this season Krzyzewski said his team could barely hold a normal practice, what with all of the guys out (Allen missed time with a toe injury, too). That the bulk of the injuries have hit unseasoned freshmen doesn't help. As good as they are, Harry Giles, who has played in just three games and Jayson Tatum and Marques Bolden, who have appeared in six apiece, are still working through the learning curve.
And now they've lost their teacher.
Some would argue that coaches don't score a bucket, don't pull down a rebound and their effect on a team, especially on a well-greased machine of a team such as Duke, is minimal. But there's a reason that Kentucky went from zero to 90 as fast as you can say Billy Gillispie to John Calipari. And there's a reason Syracuse went from 4-5 a year ago under Mike Hopkins to the Final Four once Jim Boeheim returned from suspension.
Anyone can draw up a play on a whiteboard or shove a practice plan in their hip pocket.
But if it were that easy, everyone would be Nick Saban or Bill Belichick.
Or Mike Krzyzewski.
In 1995, Krzyzewski missed the final 19 games of the season, and a 9-3 Blue Devil start was followed by a 4-15 nosedive. After a particularly devastating two-point loss to Maryland, the Duke point guard at the time said, "When [Krzyzewski} was with us, we felt like we could win those games.'
The point guard's name was Jeff Capel.
Now it's Capel's turn to sub in for his old coach.
In a charmed season turned chaotic for Duke this will be the biggest challenge for the Blue Devils yet.
Marvel's super-powered private investigator Jessica Jones still has more than a few personal and professional demons to deal with after the events of the first season of her solo series, and she will return for a second season of hard-luck (and hard-drinking) adventures when Jessica Jones returns to Netflix in March for its second season. The latest update on Jessica Jones season 2 reveals the official premiere date and first trailer for the hit show's next story arc.
First-season showrunner Melissa Rosenberg reprises her role behind the camera for the second season of Jessica Jones, which will premiere March 8 on Netflix with 13 new episodes. The series brings back star Krysten Ritter, as well as first-season cast members Rachael Taylor, Carrie-Anne Moss, and Eka Darville, as well as newcomers Janet McTeer and J.R. Ramirez.
Netflix and Marvel debuted the first trailer for season 2 of Jessica Jones on Saturday, December 9 and confirmed the season premiere date. The March premiere suggests that the series will be the first of Marvel's five live-action solo series on Netflix to return in 2018, with the third season of Daredevil and the second season Luke Cage also scheduled to debut that year, but without any official premiere dates yet.
The first trailer for the new season of Jessica Jones indicates that uncovering the truth behind the source of her powers could be a big part of the second-season story arc, with Jones also dealing with the fallout from her decision to murder the mind-controlling villain Kilgrave (played by Doctor Who is a alumnus David Tennant) during the first season. Tennant is expected to reprise the role for the show's second season, but it's uncertain whether Kilgrave will actually be back in action (this is a comic book universe, after all) or simply appear in flashbacks.
In October 2016, Rosenberg indicated that all 13 episodes of the show's second season will be directed by female directors. the first season of the series was the winner of a prestigious Peabody Award, and the series has been hailed as one of Netflix's best original shows in recent years.
After making her debut as Jones in November 2015, Ritter returned to the role in August's crossover miniseries The Defenders, reuniting with Luke Cage star Mike Colter, and joining Iron Fist and Daredevil stars Finn Jones and Charlie Cox, respectively.
LONDON — Almost 20 years after the death of his mother, Prince Harry has opened up about his grief and revealed he sought counseling after years of "total chaos."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Prince Harry: I was in 'chaos' after my mother Diana's death 2:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In a candid interview with Britain's Daily Telegraph newspaper Sunday, Harry said: "I buried my head in the sand for many, many years" after the death of Princess Diana in a Paris car crash in 1997.
The 32-year-old said that he had come "very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions" and had endured "years of total chaos" because he was unable to deal with his grief.
Prince Harry (second from right), attends his mother's funeral along with uncle, Earl Spencer, brother Prince William and father Prince Charles. FNP / Express UK via Zuma Press
Harry, who is fifth in line to the throne, was just 12 years old when Diana died. He told the newspaper that he only addressed his emotions and got help in the past couple of years after his brother, Prince William, and others told him: "Look, you need to deal with this."
He was promoting Heads Together, a mental-health charity he set up with his brother and the Duchess of Cambridge, more commonly known as William and Kate.
"I started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with," he said.
"So I was a typical 20, 25, 28-year-old running around going 'life is great,' or 'life is fine' and that was exactly it," he added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Remembering Princess Diana, through the eyes of her sons 1:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Harry was known as "the playboy prince" in his 20s after partying in glamorous London nightspots and becoming fodder for paparazzi photographers.
He has been splashed on tabloid front pages wearing a Nazi armband at a costume party and completely nude at a bash in Las Vegas.
He has projected a more squared away public image recently, after serving two tours of Afghanistan in the British armed forces and dedicating a significant portion of his life to charity programs helping injured military personnel.
He was once third in line to the throne but got bumped down to fifth after the birth of his nephew and niece, Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
(and in one case, explicitly aren't)
(I really hope this is true, I've never liked Simm!Master)
(you can find it on the DVD for Survival if you're interested)
(inorite? Apropriate name or what?)
(also independently speculated by lizbee here)
How did The Doctor get him in there?
Why did the Doctor put him in there?
How do they feed him? Is he in suspended animation or what?
If Nardole has set the security to "Friends Only" (oh how we laughed at the LJ injoke) how come the Master can't just get out? After all, we all know that he and the Doctor are the nearest thing each other has to a friend.
How much egg am I going to have on my face if The Important Thing In The Vault turns out not to be Simm!Master and I have run this far with it on a wild goose chase?
This is your spoiler warning. Look, this is your last warning. Scroll away, spoilerphobes, thrice Lord Mayor...OK, if you've got THIS far you can't blame me if you see spoilers, all right? This is the contract you agree to by reading further.Also, an etiquette note: I've linked to some other people's posts to illustrate where my speculative thoughts have come from; while I'm happy for wild and potentially spoilery speculation to happen in the comments to this entry the people I link to might not beso please respect that if you follow the links.Right, so, we all know Missy AND Simm!Master and going to be in this series, because they are both in the trailer and the BBC has put up news articles about it . Moffat says in that article that they work really well "face to face", so that says that they are actually going to be on screen at the same time, and we are going to get a multiple Master story.Here's where the rumours come in:Rumour 1: Missy is going to kill Simm!Master who will then regenerate into Missy. Two Missies on screen at once will be ace if this is true!Rumour 2: There's going to be more than two Masters: there's some footage of Ainley!Master that was filmed for the Destiny of the Doctors PC game in the ninetiesand they're going to use that in the episode with Simm!Master and Missy.speculated that The Important Thing In The Vault is Simm!Masterwhich would, as further speculates , explain what Missy says about being abandoned rather better than the assumptions we have made so far. IMHO It would also explain why the vault looks a bit Pandorica-y in a Watsonian way (as opposed to the Doyle-ist explanation that "the sets and effects are done by the same people and sometimes they re-use bits").Questions I have about this imprisonment:
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
A Maryland man who joined and fought with the Somali terrorist group al-Shabab was sentenced to 35 years in prison on Tuesday, the Justice Department said.
Maalik Alim Jones, 33, of Baltimore pleaded guilty in September to three charges of conspiring to provide material support to al-Shabab, conspiring to receive military training from the terror group, and carrying and using an AK-47 machine gun, rocket-propelled grenades and other destructive devices, federal prosecutors in New York said.
Judge Paul G. Gardephe sentenced Jones in U.S. District Court in Manhattan. His sentence will be followed by five years of supervised release, the Justice Department said.
Prosecutors have said that Jones traveled to Somalia in 2011 to train, work and fight with al-Shabab.
Court documents say that he became a member of al-Shabab's specialized fighting force, known as Jaysh Ayman, and fought against Kenyan government soldiers, and that Jones appeared with other al-Shabab fighters in at least two videos recovered from another al-Shabab fighter.
"U.S. citizens who travel overseas to fight with a terrorist organization — which is what Jones did — betray our country and pose a serious threat to our national security," Assistant Attorney General John Demers said in a statement.
Jones was arrested by Somali authorities on Dec. 7, 2015, as he tried to get a boat to go to Yemen, federal prosecutors said, where he aimed to join the Islamic State terror group.
Jones' defense attorney said in court documents that Jones, a Muslim, "has expressed his sincere remorse" for committing the crimes and "unequivocally states that he was wrong for believing that his religion provided any justification for violence." The attorney did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment Tuesday night.
Prosecutors said Jones "did not merely join and swear allegiance" to al-Shabab or "engage in isolated or relatively minor acts of support."
"Rather, over the course of more than four years, he fully committed himself to al-Shabab, traveling halfway around the world to join and train with one of its most specialized and violent units," prosecutors said in a May 22 filing. "By his own admission, the defendant took up arms and engaged in battle in furtherance of the organization's murderous goals."
The Jaysh Ayman group is responsible for killing around 40 people in a 2014 attack on a hotel bar in Mpeketoni, Somalia; an attack on a church in Kenya that killed nine people that same year; and an attack in 2015 that targeted a Kenyan military base, the Justice Department said.
Al-Shabab claimed responsibility for an attack on the Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya, in 2015 that left at least 67 people dead. The group also claimed responsibility for an attack on Garissa University College in Kenya in 2015 that killed 147 people. Jones was not accused of being involved in those attacks.
Women's & Gender Studies and the University Library proudly announce an endowment fund named in honor and memory of our friend and colleague, the
This scholarship will provide assistance to a student at Texas Tech, with preference, to outstanding graduate or undergraduate students who present library and/or archival research in gender studies or related fields at the annual
About Sandy was active in professional organizations at the state and national level. Her honors include the Association of College and Research Libraries Women's Studies Section Career Achievement Award in 2007. She was selected as a Texas Library Association Tall Texan (Texas Accelerated Library Leadership Institute) in 1998. Sandy had a distinguished career of service to Texas Tech. She was active in the Women's Studies Council and Advisory Committee; she served in the Faculty Senate (1995 - 1998, 2007-2012), including terms as President and Parliamentarian. Sandy served as Faculty Senate Secretary from 2012-2013.
How do I apply? Students must submit an abstract for an individual paper by the deadline of to submit the abstract by the DEADLINE of February 23.
CONTACT: Unit Supervisor/Academic Advisor, Women's & Gender Studies, T (806) 742.4335, DOAK 125, MS 2009 On May 12, 2012, the Women's Studies Program lost a good friend, Sandy River. Sandy served as our library liaison, a member of the Women's Studies Advisory Board and provided countless other small and large acts of support and encouragement that will be sorely missed by all of us in Women's Studies.and theproudly announce an endowment fund named in honor and memory of our friend and colleague, the Sandy River Memorial Endowment. This scholarship will provide assistance to a student at Texas Tech, with preference, to outstanding graduate or undergraduate students who present library and/or archival research in gender studies or related fields at the annual All University Conference (Spring).Sandy was active in professional organizations at the state and national level. Her honors include the Association of College and Research Libraries Women's Studies Section Career Achievement Award in 2007. She was selected as a Texas Library Association Tall Texan (Texas Accelerated Library Leadership Institute) in 1998. Sandy had a distinguished career of service to Texas Tech. She was active in the Women's Studies Council and Advisory Committee; she served in the Faculty Senate (1995 - 1998, 2007-2012), including terms as President and Parliamentarian. Sandy served as Faculty Senate Secretary from 2012-2013.Students must submit an abstract for an individual paper by the deadline of the "Call for Proposals" (CFP) of the Texas Tech Annual All University Conference. Read the detailed CFP page to follow the official conference submission guidelines andby the Tricia Earl, Unit Supervisor/Academic Advisor, Women's & Gender Studies, T (806) 742.4335, DOAK 125, MS 2009 Posted:
2/2/2018
Originator:
Patricia Earl
Email:
patricia.a.earl@ttu.edu
Department:
Womens Studies Program
Categories
Research
Academic
Departmental
Amid Model 3 Hoopla, Tesla's Losses Mount
As Tesla begins ramping up production of its crucial Model 3 sedan, the company on Wednesday reported a second-quarter net loss of $401.4 million.
The loss, which comes to $2.04 a share, was better than analysts had expected but still 37% higher than what the company reported in the same quarter last year.
Tesla recorded revenue of $2.79 billion in the second quarter, up 34% from a year earlier.
The company said it used up $1.16 billion of cash during the quarter, but it has $3 billion cash on hand, enough for "sufficient liquidity."
Efraim Levy, equity analyst at CFRA, said he believes that will carry the company through 2017, but "we do think a capital raise in 2018 is likely to support production of the Model 3." He retained his sell recommendation on the stock.
The report comes days after the company began selling its long-awaited Model 3 [pictured above], which the earnings release called "a huge milestone."
The future of the company hangs on the Model 3, described as a mid-market with a price range of $35,000 to $60,000. The company delivered the first 30 to buyers July 28, all of them Tesla employees. A hundred more will be built in August, 150 in September, followed by a ramp up to 5,000 a week by the end of December, the company said.
Tesla, which sold 76,000 Model S and X luxury cars in 2016, said it plans to turn out 500,000 cars by the end of 2018.
But to get there, Tesla faces six to nine months of "manufacturing hell" and "production hell," Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk told workers and reporters last week.
If Model 3 sales meet Tesla's expectations, the federal government's $7,500 consumer credit per vehicle will run out for its customers, with unknowable effects on Model 3 sales. The company is lobbying the California Legislature to make up the difference if the federal subsidies run out. A bill to spend $3 billion on electric car subsidies is currently in a state Senate committee.
Musk told reporters last week that more than 500,000 people had put down $1,000 refundable reservations on a Model 3.
Musk told stock analysts Wednesday the figure he gave "was just a guess." The total actually is 455,000 when cancellations are subtracted, he said.
Complaints about long waits for cancellation refunds are appearing on Twitter and other online forums. A Tesla spokeswoman said, "At times, refund processing slows down when additional confirmation is needed to prevent fraud via identity theft."
Since last week's Model 3 introduction, the company said, it's received about 1,800 new reservations a day.
Aside from the Model 3, some investors and analysts wonder whether growth in Model S sales is tapped out. For this year's second quarter, which ended in June, Tesla had reported 22,046 Model S and X deliveries. That's 53% higher than the second quarter of 2016, the company said. It also marks four consecutive quarters of flat or declining unit growth.
"We expect Model S and Model X deliveries to increase in the second half of 2017, as compared to the first half of the year," Tesla said.
The company said second-quarter deliveries would have been higher but for severe production problems at its massive Gigafactory battery plant in Nevada, involving new technology on a new production line. Those problems have been resolved, the company has said.
It's unclear whether those problems are related to the departure of Kurt Kelty, senior director of battery technology at Tesla.
Asked whether Kelty quit or was fired, a company spokesman offered a statement: "We can confirm that Kurt Kelty has left the company to explore new opportunities and we want to thank him for everything he's done for Tesla. Kurt's responsibilities will be distributed among Tesla's existing teams."
Kelty could not be reached for comment.
Kelty was in charge of battery cells for Tesla. Cells are the basic components in an electric vehicle battery pack. The lithium-ion cells look similar to AA batteries, but a bit bigger. Hundreds or thousands of them are clustered and packed together to power modern electric vehicles.
Tesla has a contract with Panasonic of Japan to manufacture cells at the Gigafactory. Kelty worked in research and development at Panasonic for 15 years before he joined Tesla in 2006. Tesla is locked in to a take-or-pay contract with Panasonic, which Kelty negotiated. That means Tesla is bound to purchase set amounts of cells at the negotiated price.
Some analysts say lower cell prices from other manufacturers in Asia could put Tesla's battery costs above those of competitors. Cell pricing is publicly opaque, however, and absent Tesla disclosures any effect would be hard for outsiders to determine.
In a conference call, Musk said newly introduced solar roofs from the company's SolarCity arm have been installed on some Tesla employee rooftops, including on his own Bel Air residence.
Solar power and battery storage currently make up a small percentage of Tesla revenue, but it has high hopes for both.
Tesla shares rose $6.32, or 2%, to $325.89 on Wednesday before earnings were released. They rose 8% in after-hours trading.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Joseph Bologna has died, aged 82.
The actor, playwright and screenwriter was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer three years ago, and passed away Sunday morning at City of Hope hospital in Duarte, California.
His wife of 52 years, actress Renée Taylor, released a statement:
“He had a beautiful life and a beautiful death having fully and gratefully experienced three years since being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer at Cedars Sinai,” she explained.
– Arnie's Greatest One-Liners
– Vote For Your Bond 25 Dream Team
– Jeanne Moreau Has Died Aged 89
“[He received] a Lifetime Achievement Award at the Night of 100 Stars on February 26, of this year,” she added, “[taking] a month-long trip to his favourite place, Italy, with his family in June, and [attending] the 35th Anniversary celebration of My Favorite Year, on July 27th.”
Joseph Bologna in My Favorite Year – Credit: MGM More
Joseph Bologna was perhaps best known for ‘My Favorite Year' – the hit 1982 comedy starring Peter O'Toole, Mark Linn-Baker, and Jessica Harper. He was also known for the likes of ‘Transylvania 6-5000' and in recent years, appeared in Adam Sandler's ‘Big Daddy' as well as lending his voice to ‘Ice Age: The Meltdown'.
But he was also known for his writing.
Bologna received an Oscar nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay, which he shared with his wife and David Zelag Goodman, for his work on ‘Lovers and Other Strangers' – a movie based on the couple's earlier Broadway play.
In fact, they penned 22 plays in total, including ‘It Had to Be You', ‘Bermuda Avenue Triangle' and ‘If You Ever Leave Me I'm Going With You!'.
They also won an Emmy Award for ‘Acts of Love and Other Comedies'.
Bologna's final movie is yet to be released – ‘Tango Shalom', starring himself, his wife, and their lifelong friend, Lainie Kazan. Rather fittingly, the movie is a bit of a family affair, with his daughter Zizi Bologna serving as music supervisor with his son, Gabriel as director.
RIP Joseph Bologna, who died 13 August 2017.
– Arnie Celebrated 70th Birthday With Stallone
– IT Filmmakers Wanted Tilda Swinton Aa Pennywise
– George Clooney Threatens To Sue French Magazine
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
To some people, climate change seems like a problem only for future generations. But for residents of many coastal cities, the future is already here — in the form of rising sea levels and frequent, destructive floods. And the problem is only going to get worse. The latest research suggests that by 2100, up to 60 percent of oceanfront communities on the East and Gulf Coasts of the U.S. may experience chronic flooding from climate change.
The fix for inundation might seem pretty simple: just erect tall seawalls and other barriers to keep the ocean at bay. But barriers can fail. Even when they don't, they can have the unintended consequence of harming delicate coastal habitats and the animals that live in them.
"Fundamentally, there is an issue with the concept of building walls to stop flooding," says Rachel Gittman, an environmental scientist and ecologist at East Carolina University. "We should not be thinking that we can stop every flood."
Surfers walk the sand in Solana Beach, Calif., in 2013, below a seawall which holds back the ocean and supports the hillside where homes sit precariously perched atop cliffs. AP file
The good news? Walls aren't the only option. Environmental scientists and engineers have devised a range of clever ways to prevent coastal flooding by sopping up water and limiting erosion and wave energy. And then there's permeable pavement, which allows floodwaters to seep into the ground below rather than pool on the surface.
Many experts, Gittman included, are convinced that these and other “green” alternatives will hold the key to saving our coastal communities.
"Hard" vs. "Soft" Defenses
Seawalls, along with bulkheads (vertical walls that retain soil but provide little protection from waves) and revetments (sloping structures on banks and cliffs) have long been the go-to defenses against coastal flooding. Fourteen percent of all continental U.S. shoreline has been armored with these “hard” structures — and that number is rising. At the current rate, it's estimated that nearly one-third of U.S. coastline will be armored by 2100.
But there are big problems with these bulwarks.
For one thing, instead of damping wave energy, these structures simply deflect it to adjacent areas. So if waves batter a seawall along one coastal property, their energy will be redirected to neighboring properties. That means these properties will experience wave energies even greater than would be experienced in the absence of seawalls.
And even carefully constructed barriers are prone to failure. This can happen, for example, when wave action erodes soil or sand at the base of a wall and causes it to collapse.
Then there is the environmental toll of armored shorelines. These barriers compromise delicate coastal habitats and reduce biodiversity.
"You end up losing the structural complexity that organisms like to use," Gittman says. "The wall is just a wall and it's not providing any habitat."
A better approach, Gittman says, is to create so-called “living shorelines.” The term encompasses various “soft” shore-protecting techniques and technologies involving mostly natural materials.
The components of a living shoreline are site-specific. For shores with relatively calm waters, the best bet is often a water-absorbing salt marsh, possibly fortified with sill-like ledges made of rocks, oyster shell bags, or “logs” made of coconut fiber. Alternatively, a shoreline may benefit from the planting of mangroves, which develop hardy root systems firmly anchored in mud.
A bulkhead constructed directly adjacent to a natural marsh shoreline in Frisco, NC Northeastern University
"Building a living shoreline starts with a good understanding of what the natural condition along that shoreline once was," says Steven Scyphers, a coastal scientist at Northeastern University. He adds that the process of creating a living shoreline might be as straightforward as restoring what once existed at the site — whether it's oyster reefs, coral reefs, or other living breakwaters that dissipate wave energy.
The newly protected shorelines become more stable over time as plants, roots, and reefs grow. This brings a number of benefits.
Salt marshes and mangroves trap sediment and organic matter, allowing them to grow in elevation. That affords rising protection against inundation. Similarly, the growth in height of oyster reefs can outpace sea level rise, allowing them to continue protecting shorelines well into the future. And according to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, just 15 horizontal feet of marshy terrain can absorb 50 percent of incoming wave energy.
Direct comparisons between hard and soft defenses are hard to come by. But Gittman's research suggests that marshes are significantly better than bulkheads at protecting shorelines. In a survey of three coastal regions of North Carolina, Hurricane Irene damaged 76 percent of bulkheads. Shorelines protected by marshes sustained no damage.
Living shorelines aren't suitable for all situations, Gittman says, adding that protecting New York City from a powerful storm like Hurricane Sandy would have required establishing miles of natural habitat, like oyster reefs, to dissipate the big waves. But a mix of natural and artificial protections could work quite well in similar situations.
If a shoreline is already armored, Scyphers says, the structure could be augmented with natural components. The Alabama Nature Conservancy is doing just that along walled coastline areas, strengthening bulkheads with square wire cages. Over time, marsh plants will grow through the cages, creating a slope of plant matter that lessens wave impact against the wall.
Going Green
If living shorelines can help keep coastal communities safe from water that from the sea, what about water that falls from the sky?
Aside from raising sea levels, warmer global temperatures are expected to increase the intensity and frequency of heavy downpours. That means more localized flooding (when rainfall overwhelms urban drainage systems) and riverine flooding (when river channels overflow their banks).
"If we had developed urban patterns differently, we wouldn't have these issues," says landscape architect and urban ecologist Alexander Felson, an assistant professor at the Yale University School of Forestry. "What we've done is we've put in a lot of impervious surfaces and blockage to the natural hydrology of the landscape."
Felson says green infrastructure can help mitigate the flooding that can arise when much of the ground in an area is covered by asphalt and other impervious surfaces. Like living shorelines, green infrastructure encompasses many systems, but all are basically natural designs that absorb rainwater and storm water, thus channeling it into the ground.
One simple type of green infrastructure is the rain garden — essentially a “bowl” of dirt measuring about 100 to 300 square feet in diameter — that's been filled with soil (typically clay and sand), plants, and mulch. These small-scale designs collect storm water runoff from houses or small buildings so that it can evaporate or be absorbed by plants and returned to the atmosphere as water vapor (via a natural process known as evapotranspiration).
In some communities, it makes sense to create larger versions of rain gardens known as bio-retention gardens. Felson recently spearheaded a project to do just that in flood-prone parts of Bridgeport, Connecticut, on Long Island Sound.
"In our case, the site was a former wetland area that we filled, and we punched a hole through the clay layer to increase infiltration," he says. Periodically, the garden fills with rain and floodwater, turning into a full wetland that serves as habitat for wildlife. And that makes economic as well as ecological sense. As Felson says, "The cheapest thing you can do is restore natural drainage and create urban spaces that can flood."
To further boost a city'sability to handle large volumes of water, rain gardens, bio-retention gardens, and bioswales (sloped landscape features that channel water into vegetation-filled ditches) can be supplemented with other green infrastructure.
A living shoreline (granite rock sill with salt marsh, both natural and planted) in front of a house on Bogue Banks in NC Northeastern University
Green roofs and green walls blanketed with vegetation can reduce the volume of storm water runoff from buildings. On the ground, concrete and other impervious surfaces can be replaced with a hard but porous surface. A new concrete product called Topmix Permeable can absorb water at a rate of about 880 gallons per minute. That means instead of pooling in parking lots and road surfaces, water infiltrates into the ground.
And, says Felson, “simply increasing the numbers of trees and canopies in a city increases evapotranspiration.”
The Real Problem
Though they can be very effective at coping with excess water, living shorelines and green infrastructure enhancements don't address the root causes of coastal flooding — a problem that is especially severe in communities in Louisiana and Maryland.
"They are at the lowest and flattest parts of the coastal United States and also where the land is sinking," says Shana Udvardy, a Washington D.C.-based climate specialist with the Union of Concerned Scientists and co-author of a recent study on coastal flooding.
Climate change will only worsen the plight of these communities and similar ones in other parts of the country.
If global sea levels were to rise just one foot within the next 20 years (an "intermediate" scenario), the study showed, the number of chronically inundated communities would rise from 90 today to 170. More than 100 of these communities would see up to 25 percent of their livable land flooded.
By 2100, 490 communities would be chronically flooded under the intermediate scenario. Under the “high” scenario, where the sea level rises 6.5 feet, 670 communities would be chronically flooded. That includes Boston, Newark, Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, and all but one of the New York City's five boroughs.
"The high scenario is increasingly plausible as the melting of ice sheets accelerates," Udvardy says, adding that communities will have to choose either to defend against flooding with walls, living shorelines, or green infrastructure; accommodate flooding by elevating houses and buildings; or retreat altogether from flood-prone areas.
But another option exists for protecting our cities from flooding: change our collective behavior to slow the rate of climate change.
If the world steeply cuts carbon emissions and warming is limited to 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, about 380 U.S. communities could be saved from chronic flooding in this century, Udvardy says. As she puts it, "When it comes right down to it, the best way to help coastal communities is to implement the Paris climate agreement and keep global warming down."
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 How to Garden in the Arctic 00:06:21
Parsons: Mayo 'won't shy away' from qualifier challenge 14 June 2017
Mayo footballer Tom Parsons.
©INPHO/Bryan Keane. Mayo footballer Tom Parsons.©INPHO/Bryan Keane.
Mayo will face the challenge of the All-Ireland SFC qualifiers 'head on', insists midfielder Tom Parsons.
Parsons and his team-mates are being written off following last Sunday's Connacht SFC semi-final exit at the hands of their arch rivals Galway but he argued that they have shown in the past what they are capable of when their backs are against the wall...
“As a group we'd be disappointed that we didn't beat Galway and that we don't have an opportunity to win a Connacht title, something that we didn't win last year,” he remarked to The Irish Independent.
“But we have a challenge in front of us - and we won't shy away from that challenge.
“We've had challenges in years gone by; we've had challenges this year in the league, being put to the wire with relegation staring at us for our last two games.
“We had to go down and get results against Tyrone and Donegal, and we did that. Now we have another challenge. And we'll face that head on.
“Sport is about adversity. When you win, not everything is right. When you lose not everything is wrong.”
Some of the key figures in law enforcement that supporters of President Trump say are part of a “Deep State” conspiracy: Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, FBI Director Christopher Wray, former FBI Director James Comey and special counsel Robert Mueller. AP file photos
FILE - In this Friday, Oct. 9, 2015 file photo, supporters from a number of humanitarian groups gather at a vigil for border shooting victim José Antonio Elena Rodríguez in front of the federal courthouse in Tucson, Ariz., preceding the arraignment of Border Patrol Agent Lonnie Swartz in the October 2012 shooting. A federal judge has ruled that a Border Patrol agent charged in the shooting death of a Mexican teen across the international border six years ago cannot be cross-examined about his military record when his trial begins in Tucson in March. Arizona Daily Star via AP, File Ron Medvescek
When Chance the Rapper dropped “Coloring Book” almost a year ago, I was nearing the end of high school, and my best friends and I were driving early one morning before school to watch the sunrise on Lake Michigan. I immediately fell in love with the catchy hooks, goofy laughs and nonsensical yelps that filter through his lyrics.
I spent the following day memorizing every single lyric to “All Night” before starting to listen through his first two mixtapes. I spent every free moment I had blasting Chance, whether it was nearly blowing out the speakers in my car during “Chain Smoker” or running through the entire “10 Day” album. I quickly began to admire how Chance channels his frustrations and feelings of hopelessness from high school and throughout his life into poetic and unflinchingly honest lyrics.
He managed to take his 10-day suspension (after being caught smoking weed in the parking lot of his high school) and turn it into music that inspired his peers and future listeners to recognize that failure is only what you make of it. He motivated me to start writing every day and solidified my ambition to become a journalist and eventually an author.
Anyone can have talent, and with enough luck that talent can propel the brightest artists to the top of the music industry. But Chance is so much more than just a talented rapper. Unlike his role model and equally famous Chicago-native rapper, Kanye West, Chance has not let his fame or early successes inflate his ego.
He regularly advocates on Twitter for high school students to attend “Open Mike” events at the Harold Washington Library Center that he went to as a teenager. When Jordan Peele's “Get Out” premiered in theaters earlier this year, Chance took the opportunity to rent out a theater one weekend for a screening in his neighborhood of Chatham. He is a father, an activist and a true artist who is devoted to his fans more than anything or anyone else.
Following his sweep at the Grammy's this past February, Chance received national acclaim. He refuses to sign with a label, yet his songs have gained increasingly consistent airplay on the radio without him ever selling a single album.
After Illinois governor Bruce Rauner tweeted his congratulations to Chance following the Grammys, the rapper replied, asking the governor for a sit-down meeting to discuss the state of funding for Chicago Public Schools (CPS). When the meeting went poorly, Chance committed to donating $1 million dollars to 100 schools in the CPS system, presenting $10,000 dollar checks to third grade classrooms during the first week of March.
His efforts to rehabilitate Chicago's educational system are both admirable and unprecedented for the average American rapper, let alone a 23-year-old kid who has reached unfathomable success at such a young age. Chance's passion for activism and inner obligation to help those less fortunate is a rousing change of pace for all musical artists, and I'm proud to call him one of my favorite musicians.
Related
Comments
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Friday was Give Kids a Smile Day at Choffin Career and Technical Center.
Every year for the past 15 years, volunteers have offered free dental care to local kids in need.
Many of the kids who come in for an exam and cleaning have never been to the dentist before. That makes their experience Friday extremely important, according to Dr. Sergio Nadler.
“People that have no coverage and no insurance, we do this one a year, but the Ohio Dental Association reaches about 25,000 kids in the whole year, and we have 2,500 dentists throughout the state doing this,” Nadler said. “It's a neat program. We give back to the community.”
There were about 50 to 75 children from area schools at Choffin on Friday to get their teeth checked.
And another one bites the dust at Uber.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick told employees in an internal email on Tuesday that Rachel Whetstone, who had served as the company's head of public relations, would be stepping down from her position.
It wasn't immediately clear why Whetstone was leaving the company now, at a time when her guidance may be more critical than ever as Uber tries to steady itself after its deep internal issues were brought to light.
Rachel Whetstone in 2005. Andrew Parsons / PA Wire - Press Association Images file
Kalanick seemed to hint the split was amicable, even including a photo of the duo hiking together two weekends ago.
"Rachel was way ahead of the game when it came to many of the changes we needed to make as a company to ensure our future success — from promoting cross-functional teamwork to improving diversity and inclusion," he wrote. "Her commitment to excellence in every way is inspiring and I am looking forward to having her as an adviser for years to come."
Related: Uber's Handling of Susan Fowler Scandal Will Determine Its Fate
In a statement provided to NBC News through an Uber representative, Whetstone said she was "proud of the team that we've built" and that she was happy to have her deputy, Jill Hazelbaker, "a strong and brilliant woman," taking her place.
"I joined Uber because I love the product — and that love is as strong today as it was when I booked my very first ride six years ago," she said.
Whetstone's departure is the latest blow for Uber in what has been a tumultuous start to 2017.
Uber President Jeff Jones departed last month as the company began its search for a chief operating officer. Then there's the video of Kalanick arguing with a driver, which prompted him to issue an apology. And of course, an ongoing investigation led by former attorney general Eric Holder into allegations of harassment at the company after former engineer Susan Fowler shared her experiences in a blog post after leaving Uber.
1:44 TRAILER: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Pause
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
2:03 First Look at World War II Shipwrecks Off NC Coast
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60
3:11 Pet pig's botched butchering leads to arrest
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
Raheem Sterling says his controversial tattoo of a gun is partly a tribute to his father, who was killed when he was only two years old.
What next? Ban films with guns? The Arsenal badge? It's his business what kind of art he has tattooed on his body. https://t.co/T6cnZxiZML — Gary Lineker (@GaryLineker) May 29, 2018
The Manchester City winger was criticised by some social media users and anti-gun campaigners after he was seen with an assault rifle inked on his leg during England training on Tuesday (NZST).
FA backs Sterling over assault rifle tattoo
The 23 year-old moved to calm the backlash on his official Instagram page, though, explaining there is a "deeper meaning" behind the tattoo.
He also underlined his vow to "never touch a gun" following the loss of his father, who was shot dead.
"When I was two my father died from being gunned down to death," he wrote.
"I made a promise to myself I would never touch a gun in my lifetime.
"I shoot with my right foot so it has a deeper meaning." He said the tattoo was "still unfinished".
Sterling's father was reportedly killed outside the family home in Kingston, Jamaica.
Retired professional wrestler Rick Flair regrets not spending more time with his kids. Chris Pizzello Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP
BUFFALO, N.Y. — The Buffalo Sabres have signed Victor Olofsson to a two-year contract after he scored a Swedish Hockey League-leading 27 goals last season.
Olofsson was selected by the Sabres in the seventh round of the 2014 draft. The forward has spent the past three seasons in the SHL, collecting 50 goals and 49 assists in 150 regular-season games. Overall, Olofsson had 60 goals and 117 points in 200 games.
He is coming off a career-best season in which he finished with 43 points in 50 games during his second year with Frolunda HC.
The 22-year-old is listed at 5-foot-11 and 173 pounds.
The Sabres announced the agreement on Tuesday.
——
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
APC remains the true hope for Nigeria – Party Chieftain
A party chieftain of the Progressives Congress in Delta, Olorogun O'tega Emerhor has described the party as the only true hope for Nigerians in the years to come. In a statement on Sunday, Emerhor said, “The APC has struggled in 2016 to harness all the strength it has gathered and it remains the true […]
This post APC remains the true hope for Nigeria – Party Chieftain appeared first on YNaija.
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
© Peyton's Project provides the public with awareness of the dangers of venomous snakes.
A Wichita Falls non-profit wants to remind Texomans only because we are in winter months does not mean venomous snakes are not out.
"We had a bite on January 28th this year and we've had bites on January and December [before]," Tammy Reece, Peyton's Project executive director.
The non-profit spreads awareness of venomous snakes and tries to prevent snake bites from occurring.
Reece created the organizations after losing her niece, Peyton Hood, who was just shy of two-years-old. Little Peyton was bitten while she played on a slide at her family's lake house at Possom Kingdom Lake. She stepped on a baby rattlesnake and Reece said that is when 'it struck.'
"The thing I like to say is 'I'm supposed to be helping other people through her because a tragedy is sometimes the best way to reach people,'" Reece said.
Reece said the non-profit has helped save 21 lives after creating their Antivenin Program which provides nine Texoma rural hospitals with viles of antivenom. One of the lives saved was a three-year-old boy.
"That really hit home with me because he is not very much older than her but he was very fortunate that he received the antivenom within 30 min of his bite," Reece said. "He's doing fine. He's living and that's because of [Peyton]."
Reece said the non-profit does not only help someone after a bite but tries to help prevent it. She said cutting the grass, checking for snakes in bushy fields with a stick and checking a child's sandbox before they play can help.
The organization also provides seminars for children's and adult's organizations to educate them about venomous snakes.
To fund these programs the non-profit is holding its fourth annual Spurs and Pearls fundraiser. The event is open to the public for the first time. There are 140 seats available to attend but you do not need to attend to participate in the raffle. Event goers will be entertained by a musical performance from Tim Nichols.
The purpose of the event is to entertain and educate the public and honor Peyton, who the family calls their 'butterfly.'
During last year's event, Reece said the non-profit raised more than $40,000 and she said she hopes to raise $60,000 this time around.
You can go to the non-profit's Facebook page or website to purchase your tickets.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma. All Rights Reserved.
Chicago White Sox's Matt Davidson 24) celebrates his home run with Yolmer Sanchez during the second inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Chicago.
Numerous charges for an Innisfil man after he did not remain at a collision in York Region. Tuesday afternoon York Regional Police attended a three-vehicle collision in the Yonge Street and Bathurst Street area. A child and an adult were transported to hospital for treatment. The accused fled the scene of the collision… in cooperation with South Simcoe Police the 32 year old was arrested at his home in Innisfil.
The man was charged with…
– Impaired Care or Control (Over 80 mgs)
– Fail to Remain at the Scene of an Accident
– Dangerous Operation of a Motor Vehicle
– Fail to Comply with Recognizance.
He was held for a bail hearing.
Mystery Surrounds Murdered Canadian ‘Ayahuasca Healer' In Peru
Ask around in Cape Town, and you'll find someone who has tried ayahuasca soon enough.
Maybe they travelled to South America and dabbled, as has become popular on the well-trodden backpacker routes, although there are also people in and around Cape Town itself who will guide you on your journey.
Here's a story on Mahala from a few year's back, and a thread on MyBroadband with a few options.
We're focusing on events in Peru for now, and the murder of 41-year-old Canadian Sebastian Woodroffe that is grabbing headlines.
Back in 2013 he quit his job and moved to Peru to study plant medicine, having raised money for an apprenticeship with traditional healers in the Amazon.
Of particular interest was ayahuasca, “a sludgelike hallucinogenic potion used by indigenous shamans in spiritual exercises”, with IOL taking up the story:
It's not entirely clear what happened in the years that followed, or whether the Canadian tourist found the healing for which he was searching in the Peruvian Amazon. But late last week, this Canadian tourist's name and face somehow landed on a wanted poster accusing him of murdering a beloved shaman and indigenous activist in a remote rain forest in northeastern Peru. Enraged members of the indigenous community appear to have taken matters into their own hands. Peruvian authorities say a mob of locals in the Amazonian region of Ucayali lynched Woodroffe before burying him in a makeshift grave. A cellphone video that emerged in local news outlets shows a man – later identified by officials as Woodroffe – being dragged through the mud by a cord wrapped around his neck. He moans and pleads for mercy before lying motionless in the dirt.
You can see that cellphone footage here, if you're so inclined, but we're moving on.
Police found the buried corpse and identified it as Woodroffe's body, Peru's interior ministry said in a statement Saturday, vowing to pursue an aggressive investigation into both his killing and that of the shaman, Olivia Arévalo Lomas, a respected member of the Shipibo-Konibo tribe in her 80s.
The image up top shows both Woodroffe and Lomas, who wasn't just a shaman. She also had an extensive record as an indigenous-rights activist, which has led some to believe that she may have been murdered by those representing the interests of mining, agribusiness, logging, and dam projects.
That is very much disputed by locals:
Locals told an indigenous news outlet that witnesses saw Woodroffe [above] shoot Arévalo multiple times after she sang an ikaro, or curing song. He then fled, local residents alleged, prompting Arévalo's family members to post a “wanted” bulletin online and on Facebook, showing Woodroffe's photo, identifying him by name and nationality, and offering a reward.
Friends from back home in Canada dispute that Woodroffe could have been the man behind the murder, with this from VICE:
…an old friend of Woodroffe's, Yarrow Willard, told CBC that he had returned from Peru “troubled” after taking ayahuasca. Willard called Woodroffe a person “who likes to poke, and likes to test the boundaries of people's beliefs, but is very much a gentle person underneath all of that.” Willard described disbelief that Woodroffe could have been involved in the Amazonian shaman's death. He said Woodroffe had never had a gun. “We've just been in shock,” he said. “It just felt like a scam because there is no way this person is capable of that.”
Here's Lomas performing a sacred Ikaro, uploaded to YouTube by Temple of the Way of Light, a healing centre that offers ayahuasca retreats:
Authorities say they have prioritised both murders, and are determined to win back the public's faith in the justice system by getting to the bottom of what really happened.
To finish, the nasty side of making a tourism industry out of something like ayahuasca:
Ayahuasca retreats have become immensely popular among foreign tourists. Each year, thousands of people travel to the Peruvian Amazon to experiment with the hallucinogenic brew, also known as yage, and referred to by some locals as “the sacred vine of the soul.” …But the growing number of tourists in the town has added to mounting frustrations that a double standard exists in the way indigenous people are treated in the criminal justice system, local residents told Peruvian news broadcasters. “There is justice for those with money,” one local resident, Alder Rengifo Torres, told TV Peru. “A foreigner can come and kill us, day after day, like dogs or cats, and nothing happens, the State does nothing,” one local woman was captured on television telling a Peruvian vice minister who visited the indigenous community over the weekend.
Some food for thought, hey.
[sources:iol&vice]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Follow along with our live review of Monday's episode of WWE Raw.
2017 is here, which means a brand-new year of WWE Raw will begin on Monday, January 2. The show is set to begin the push toward the January 29, Royal Rumble pay-per-view, which will get us closer to WrestleMania 33 in April.
Goldberg will appear on Raw for the first time since announcing his intention of being in the Royal Rumble match in November. This came one day after his shocking 86-second victory over Brock Lesnar at Survivor Series.
In WWE.com's preview, they are teasing that the former WCW star may have a message for Lesnar. It's also noted that he “never makes an appearance unless it means something.” Could that mean he announces his spot in the Royal Rumble entrant order?
The big match set for Raw is Braun Strowman vs. Sami Zayn in a Last Man Standing match. This should put an end to this long-standing feud between these two, which last saw Zayn survive 10 minutes in the ring with the Mountain of a Man. It's going to be quite difficult for the Underdog from the Underground to get his opponent down for 10 seconds, so does he stand any chance of doing so?
The preview is also teasing that Bayley got “defeated and unfairly taken out of [Raw Women's Championship] contention.” This is despite beating Charlotte on a handful of occasions. Does that mean we're in for yet another match between these two soon?
Then there's the WWE Universal Championship scene. Kevin Owens is already set to defend the belt against Roman Reigns at the Royal Rumble with Chris Jericho locked in a shark cage above the ring. How might WWE build to this match on Raw?
Also look out for Seth Rollins potentially calling out Triple H (again), Neville's quest to reign over the cruiserweights, and the next step for Cesaro and Sheamus' Raw Tag Team Championship reign. This could all be seen when Raw goes on the air at 8:00 p.m. ET.
More from Daily DDT
This article originally appeared on
Wilma M. McWilliams, 103
MT. PLEASANT, S.C. (March 19, 2018) – Wilma Marie McWilliams, 103, of Mt. Pleasant, S.C., passed away Feb. 19, 2018, at her daughter's home.
She married Harry McWilliams; he preceded her in death.
Mrs. McWilliams was a member of United Church of Christ in Carlinville for many years, before retiring and moving to Florida with her husband. After he died, she moved to South Carolina to live with her daughter.
Surviving are two sons, Stephen (Sally) of Peachtree City, Ga., and Guy (Nena) of Greenville, S.C.; a daughter, Christy, of Mt. Pleasant, S.C.; six grandchildren; and five great-grandchildren.
A celebration of life service was held at Seacoast Church Chapel in Mt. Pleasant.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A special event is being held at Chester Racecourse this summer to celebrate English Wine Week.
The Wine School of Cheshire will host a showcase event for English Wine Week 2018 at Restaurant 1539, Chester Racecourse on Saturday, June 2.
The English Wine Producers and the UK Vintners Association have merged to become Wines of Great Britain, to be known as WineGB, representing quality wines from both England and Wales.
Julia Trustram-Eve of WineGB said: “English Wine Week is a national campaign, designed to raise awareness of English wine across the country. There are a wide range of activities which take place across the country to celebrate English Wine Week.
“It marks the start of the tourist season, and the vineyards themselves are waking up to the new growing season – there is plenty to see and enjoy.”
This year, The Wine School of Cheshire is again embracing Chester's proximity to the Welsh border to include Welsh wines within their annual feature event for English Wine Week by hosting an afternoon of food and wine tasting at Restaurant 1539 at Chester's historic racecourse.
Richard Smith, founder of the wine school, said: “I am proud to have worked together with the English Wine Producers (now WineGB) at RHS Tatton Park over the last two summers presenting quality English and Welsh wines to show visitors.
“There are around 500 vineyards in England and Wales and a selection of the best will be on tasting at this entertaining event in Chester, which will start with The Gusbourne Estate's Brut Reserve vintage sparkling which we adopted as our house fizz in January.”
Also expected to be on tasting will be The Ridgeview Estate, supplier to both Buckingham Palace and Downing Street, together with premium winemakers such as Sixteen Ridges, Camel Valley and the Bolney Estate.
The Wine School of Cheshire always features affordable wines which are available from local retailers. They do not sell wine therefore allowing guests to come along without the worry of any sales pressure at the end of the event.
The Wine School of Cheshire's signature Saturday wine tasting afternoons in Chester always include a four-course gourmet lunch by Restaurant 1539's executive chef Daniel Speak, giving guests the opportunity to enjoy the best of wine and food pairing in a relaxed atmosphere.
Dining events are usually limited to just 14 guests with the feeling of an intimate dinner party with good friends.
Tickets can be purchased via The Wine School of Cheshire's website at www.cheshire.wine
EHF Cup countdown #12: RK Nexe (CRO). With nine new players this season, the Croatian side are returning to the group phase after three years.
Huge transition, high hopes in Nasice
In the last two seasons, two eventual semi-finalists - Nantes and Magdeburg - blocked Nexe's way to the EHF Cup Group Phase. This time in qualification, the Nasice-based Croatian runners-up had an easier test with Ribe-Esbjerg from Denmark - and passed it.
For the second time after 2014/15 the team of head coach Hrvoje Horvat are among the 16 best teams of the competition. Defending champions Göppingen, Slovenian neighbours Koper and Finland's Cocks are Nexe's opponents in Group B.
Before the start of this season, a huge transition took place in Nasice as nine players left and nine new arrivals had to be integrated in the team.
Despite all the changes, coach Horvat is confident his team can have a successful international season.
“Göppingen are the group favourites with their tremendous international experience. It will be a great privilege to play against such a renowned opponent,” Horvat says. “But all other clubs can also advance to the next round. We have to play at our limits as I believe that there will be a lot of tight games in our group, games that will be decided on the last ball or two.”
Most experienced player in the Nexe squad is wing Vedran Zrnic, former EHF Cup winner with Gummersbach.
Among the new arrivals is Austrian national team goalkeeper Kristian Pilipovic while Croatian international Josip Božić Pavletić left to domestic rivals PPD Zagreb.
“We aim to get closer to them,” says Horvat. “We want to be part of the EHF Cup Group Phase every year to build up our reputation in European handball.”
In terms of his personal favourites for the EHF Cup Finals in Magdeburg, Horvat does not name a single team.
“A lot of good clubs play in the EHF Cup, many of them could easily play Champions League,” he says. “I would not like to extract anybody. The key will be current form, timing, and health.”
RK Nexe (CRO)
Qualification for the EHF Cup Group Phase 2017/18: Round 2: 27:25, 32:21 against Pölva (EST), Round 3: 26:29, 26:21 against Ribe-Esbjerg (DEN)
Newcomers: Patrik Leban (RIKO Ribnica), Aljaž Lavrič (Krka), Ivan Koncul (Ribola Kaštela), Josip Jurić Grgić (Valur), Kristian Pilipović (WAT Fivers), Marin Jelinić (Ribola Kaštela), Marin Šipić (GRK Varaždin), Mario Tomić (Al-Lekhwia), Marko Buvinić (Bregenz)
Left the club: Josip Božić Pavletić (PPD Zagreb), Marin Vegar (Steaua Bucuresti), Marin Sakić (VAC), Tomislav Nuić (Bešiktaš), Mirko Herceg (Massy Essonne Handball), David Špiler (Metalac), Damir Halilković (Selka Eskişehir Hentbol), Mislav Nenadić (Hapoel Altshuler Shacham Rishon LeZion), Gregor Lorger (HSV Hamm Westfalen)
Coach: Hrvoje Horvat (since November 2016)
Team captain: Marko Mrdenovic
Opponents in the group matches: Göppingen, Koper and Cocks in Group C
EHF Champions League records:
-
Other European Cup records:
Cup Winners' Cup:
-
EHF Cup:
Last 16: 2011/12
Group Phase: 2014/15
EHF Challenge Cup:
-
Croatian champions: - (runners-up in last nine years)
Croatian cup winners: -
TEXT:
A new type of stomach-filling balloon can help people drop pounds, and it doesn't require any surgery to place it, researchers reported Thursday.
Patients can just swallow the deflated balloon, and doctors can use a narrow catheter to fill it with water. The balloon makes it harder to overeat.
A study presented at the Obesity Week meeting in Los Angeles shows the "balloon pill" works at least as well as other stomach balloons to help people lose weight.
"It's a swallowable balloon, much like a large pill. People will swallow it (and) it will reside in the stomach," said Dr. John Morton, chief of bariatric surgery at Stanford University and president of the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery.
"It then gets inflated with a very thin catheter. Roughly about half a liter of fluid goes into that balloon," Morton, who was not involved with the study, told NBC News.
"It's a swallowable balloon, much like a large pill."
After four months, 34 patients trying out the balloon lost an average of 22 pounds, or 37 percent of their excess weight. Their cholesterol and blood sugar levels also improved - something that usually happens when people lose even a little weight.
As with other gastric balloons, the most common adverse events reported were nausea and vomiting.
"What makes the Elipse different is the fact that it is a procedure that doesn't require sedation or surgery," Morton said.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved two other gastric balloons this year: one called Orbera and one called ReShape. They are meant for people who are medically obese - meaning their body mass index (BMI) is 30 or more - who have been unable to lose weight through diet and exercise.
But both those devices must be inserted using an endoscope - a fairly uncomfortable procedure that usually requires sedation. And they must be removed the same way.
There's also a pacemaker-like device that controls appetite with pulses but which also requires surgery.
"The unique aspect about this Elipse balloon is that it also has the ability to dissolve and be passed out on its own without any further intervention," Morton said.
It will be several years before the new balloon has been through enough testing to get approval by the FDA. But obesity experts like Morton are happy that there are so many new options for obese Americans.
"It's also a new tool to help us deal with obesity, which is our biggest public health problem and we need all hands on deck -- all different types of devices and innovations that are available to us," he said.
"The cost will range anywhere from probably $6,000 to $12,000, depending on your part of the country."
More than two-thirds of Americans are overweight or obese and the problem is getting worse. Obesity raises the risk of heart disease, stroke, diabetes, cancer and other conditions.
Obesity drugs have not been greatly successful in helping people lose weight, although several are now on the market. Several more were removed from the shelves years ago after they were found to cause problems such as stroke.
Diets have been shown to be equally bad at helping people keep off the pounds for long periods of time. But surgical procedures to shrink the stomach have been very successful. One study showed the surgery helped people to lose enough weight to reverse their type-2 diabetes.
The balloons were designed as a way to get the same effect - decreasing how much food the stomach can hold - without the invasive surgery.
Right now, none of the balloons are covered by most insurance plans, Morton noted.
"The cost will range anywhere from probably $6,000 to $12,000, depending on your part of the country," he said. "It's something that is generally out of pocket but there are other means of paying for it like health saving account. And obviously, getting some sort of treatment has got its own benefit, to be sure."
But the good news is that there are now many different possibilities for people struggling with their weight.
"And I would highly encourage anyone who's got a BMI over 30 to seek help and see what's available for you, because there are options and there is hope," Morton said.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — Sylvester Dawson will vote Tuesday in Alabama's Senate election, but he's hardly thrilled about the choices.
"Honestly speaking, I'm not that excited about either one of them," Dawson said of Democrat Doug Jones and Republican Roy Moore as he shaved a client at the barber shop he's run for 23 years in Birmingham's historic black business district.
A Jones field office sits just a few steps away, smack in the middle of a row of black barber shops and take-out joints lined up along 4th Avenue. But Dawson, who is black, said he hasn't felt compelled to step inside. "I don't know Doug Jones," he said.
Still, Dawson will vote for him. "He's a Democrat, I'm a Democrat. And I've got to exercise my right to vote," Dawson said.
That tepid enthusiasm is widespread among African-Americans in Alabama, concerning Democratic officials and operatives who know black voters are the core of the party's base in this deeply Republican state.
Democratic senatorial candidate Doug Jones speaks at a news conference on Dec. 4, 2017, in Dolomite, Alabama. Brynn Anderson / AP
African-Americans make up about 27 percent of the state's population, and Jones will need them to turn out in droves on Tuesday, since he's expected to win just a third of whites, at best. Only 15 percent of white Alabamians voted for Barack Obama in 2012, according to exit polls, which were not conducted in the state last year.
No one thinks many African-Americans will support Moore, but there are real doubts about whether they'll vote at all.
"That's the $64,000 question," said Danny Ransom, the vice chair of the Civil Rights Activist Committee, sitting in the group's storefront office. "There doesn't appear to be a lot of enthusiasm."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Dems scrambling to mobilize African-American voters for Doug Jones 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A flight of high-profile black Democrats will fan out across African-American parts of the state this weekend in a last-minute push to raise awareness of the election, a Jones campaign official confirmed to NBC News.
The surrogates include Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.J. and former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick. The airlift is being organized by Rep. Terri Sewell, the only Democrat in Alabama's congressional delegation, who is also black. Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., who led the "Bloody Sunday" march across the Edmund Pettis Bridge in Selma 52 years ago, had intended to join them but cancelled due to inclement weather.
NBC News
Ahead of his visit, Booker on Saturday tweeted that he would worry about the safety of Senate pages if Moore served in the chamber with him. "Your bigotry, ignorance, and hate has no place in the Senate," he added.
Well I am in the United States Senate & I don't want to be next to you wondering if Senate Pages will be safe from your advances.
Your bigotry, ignorance, and hate has no place in the Senate. I'm going to my ancestral home state of Alabama today to lend a hand in defeating you. https://t.co/BiFmLP549I — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) December 9, 2017
At the event Saturday, Booker urged Alabamians to get out and vote, saying "Democracy is not a spectator sport." He said that voters should elect a senator who will take constituent calls "not caring if they're black or they're white" or "if they're gay or they're straight."
"Bad people get elected when good people don't vote," Booker said.
Jones is trying to knit together a delicate coalition that includes both black voters and suburban white women who might be turned off by Moore, but some African-Americans have chafed at the Democrat's messaging and feel they're being taken for granted.
"It's very difficult to appeal to white and blacks at the same time," said Artur Davis, a former Democratic congressman who was the party's gubernatorial nominee in 2010. "I've been there, it's a hard thing to do."
But Davis said it's frustrating for black Democrats to so often be shouldered with the burden of getting their voters to the polls even as they're often left out of the room where decisions are made.
"If Doug Jones loses, it will not be because he didn't get enough African-American support," Davis said. "It will be because he did not get enough people of his own race, age and gender to vote for him."
In a state where almost three-in-four voters are white, the hold of partisanship has proved enduring among most white Alabamians, leaving Democrats once again turning to African-Americans for votes.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Doug Jones asked about his outreach to African-Americans 1:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In ads and billboards across the state, Jones has highlighted his work prosecuting two KKK members in the 1963 bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, a watershed moment in the civil rights struggle.
As the U.S. attorney in Birmingham in the 1990s, Jones reopened the investigation, and became well known for it in the state's largest city, which is also almost three-quarters black.
But he's more of a mystery in other parts of the state, including the Black Belt, a stretch of heavily African-American counties that run across the middle of Alabama through Selma and Montgomery.
Younger black men in particular are a weak spot in Jones' column, according to Democrats who are studying the race, and some recent controversies haven't helped.
A mailer from the Doug Jones campaign targeting black voters.
One campaign mailer in particular has lit up black social media with criticism.
It's aimed at calling attention to the allegations of sexuality impropriety against Moore, and features a photo of a skeptical looking young black man and the text, "Think if a black man went after high school girls, anyone would try to make him a senator?"
But many found it too clever by half.
To Michael Harriot, a black writer and podcast host who lives in Birmingham, the mailer was reductive and condescending. "While it might not be racist, it is certainly racist adjacent," Harriot wrote in The Root.
"Democrats treat blacks in the South like stepchildren from a previous marriage: They'll have us over for weekends and election holidays, smile and act nice, but ... they treat the new kids better. The white ones," he continued.
Criticism of the mailer swelled to a loud enough volume that Joe Madison, the host of the nationally syndicated "Black Eagle" radio show on Sirius/XM, asked Jones about it Friday.
"That mailer kind of speaks for itself," Jones said, before conceding it may have missed the mark a bit. "You know, maybe we could've used a little bit different language."
To be sure, widespread concerns about African-American turnout ahead of Virginia's gubernatorial election last month proved unfounded. Strong black turnout helped propel Democrat Ralph Northam to an easy victory.
A recent Washington Post poll found white and black voters in Alabama to be roughly equally enthusiastic about voting, though a wider margin of whites said they were paying close attention to the race — 78 percent of whites compared with 67 percent among blacks.
Jones' campaign has touted what spokesperson Sebastian Kitchen called "the largest, most active get-out-the-vote program Alabama has seen in a generation." Jones has campaigned aggressively in black churches and at historically black colleges and universities, and given multiple interviews to black media outlets.
He's also being boosted by a handful of longstanding black Democratic groups in Alabama, though it's unclear how much.
One group, for instance, has been passing out palm cards and signs that declare, "Vote or Die," and display a photo of President Donald Trump next to Obama, underscoring the salience of both men to black voters. On the back of the card, it reads, "Obama Care was saved by one vote, saving the lives of thousands of Americans. Hitler came to power with one vote, killing millions ... One Vote Matters."
A flyer produced by a black group in Alabama. NBC News
Activists are also concerned about the impact of a relatively new voter ID law.
"Disproportionately, people that don't have an ID come from the groups we care about," said Marissa McBride, the executive director of the nonpartisan Voter Participation Center, which works to boost turnout among African-Americans, Latinos, millennials and unmarried women, who together account for about 6-in-10 voters in Alabama.
Still, antipathy for Moore and Trump might be enough to push African-Americans to the polls Tuesday, regardless of how they feel about Jones.
"Is Moore going to have to register as a sex offender in D.C. and go around telling everyone if he wins?" Dawson said, provoking howls of laughter in his shop on 4th Avenue.
— THE MAKER OF AMPHIBIOUS VEHICLES NOW HAS 4×4 QUADS TOO —
The new ARGO Xplorer series line up of ATVs is a first for the company which for 50 years has made its mark in the powersports industry with its unique, amphibious vehicles, renowned for their ‘go anywhere' capabilities.
Featuring the highest standards of performance and innovation, the new ARGO Xplorer ATVs are available in 1-up riding with the XR 500 in base, EPS and LE configurations and for 2-up riders with the XRT 500 base, EPS and LE or XRT 1000 LE.
“For 50 years, ARGO has been the go-to vehicle of choice for outdoorsmen, adventure seekers and commercial operators who work and play in the world's most challenging environments,” commented Brad Darling, ARGO XTV President. “Our new Xplorer series of ATVs builds upon that rich history of pushing the limits of what an off road vehicle is capable of by providing recreational end users with a whole new suite of competitive options in the one and two seat segments of the market. Before we decided to enter the space, we surveyed ARGO owners, and found that 66 per cent of them currently own ATVs. The results of this survey and after analyzing the market, we saw that there was a huge need for a full size ATV at a mid-sized price point. While some may say that we're straying from amphibious roots, with ARGO, there is one thing you always need to keep top of mind – if it carries our name, it's built with pride for people who appreciate technology, quality and a long-running tradition of grabbing life by the handlebar; whether that be Xploring the trails, fishing the streams, hunting the backwoods or blazing across the countryside.”
XR 500 / EPS / LE
A fun and fuel efficient entry level model outfitted for maximum enjoyment, the XR 500 is a full size ATV platform that churns out exceptional value and delivers a list of class leading features to appeal to the most discerning of riders. With a 39 HP electronic fuel injected engine, the versatile unit includes large rack capacity, ample ground clearance and comfortable suspension travel for the smoothest of rides. All ARGO Xplorer ATV's also come equipped with a standard, anti-vibration 2 inch hitch receiver.
For precise and easy control on the roughest trails the Xplorer's Tri Mode Speed Sensitive Electronic Power Steering (TMSS eps) provides riders with selectable minimum and maximum assist to ensure all day comfort and increased rider control eliminating kick-back while minimizing steering effort in tight turns and rocky terrain.
For riders looking for ultimate performance packed into a lightweight chassis, the XR 500 LE is the ideal option for rough and tough conditions. Its 26 inch premium Innova tires mounted on 14 inch black aluminum wheels provide ultimate traction and linear, predictable steering control while the two and four-wheel drive system with electric push button control and locking front differential allows riders to easily conquer the most challenging of terrain.
XRT 500 / EPS / LE
Available in the same trim levels as the XRs, the extended wheelbase, two-up XRT 500 offers impressive class leading comfort for recreational users looking to share the exhilaration of all day riding. The ergonomically designed raised rear seat provides exceptional comfort and visibility for the passenger while raised passenger foot rests are complimented by adjustable, well positioned rear grab handles. A single handlebar mounted halogen headlight (LE models) and dual under rack mounted projector beams makes for one of the best lighting package in the industry. The Xplorer's aggressive styling doesn't end there – the XR and XRT 500 models also feature performance inspired, fully functional chrome dual exhaust outlets that sound as good as they look.
XRT 1000 LE
For riders who won't settle for anything less than the maximum in off-road performance, convenience and style, the Xplorer XRT 1000 LE is a new category leading contender with countless practical innovations designed to enhance both customer satisfaction and driveability alike. Featuring a powerful V-twin, 997cc, 4 strokes, single overhead cam engine, the XRT 1000 LE comes equipped with active descent control and an electric un-locking, turf mode, rear differential. In high or low range 4-wheel drive, if things get slippery the handle bar mounted control activates the electronic locking front differential – providing maximum grip at all four wheels.
For more info> www.ARGOxtv.com
ARGO AMPHIBIOUS MODELS
Bolstering the news that the company is entering the ATV market with its bold new ARGO Xplorer series, ARGO's XTV line up features several new amphibious vehicle options designed for both outdoor enthusiasts and commercial users alike.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This brilliant footage rewinds the clock more than 350 years and shows how Chester would have looked before the English Civil War.
The one-minute clip, which has been posted on YouTube, is a digital 3D reconstruction of the city's old Northgate in the early 17th century.
It is the work of Chester resident Martin Moss, who uses video gaming technology to digitally rebuild local landmarks.
Martin draws on old paintings, models and photographs for historical accuracy, and has previously put together digital reconstructions of Chester Castle as well as the castles at Flint and Ewloe.
He says it's just a 'hobby', adding: "If people watch them and get some joy from them, that's really good."
The Northgate video is Martin's latest masterpiece.
He has based the gate on a drawing from the period which can be seen at the start of the video.
The building which stands where the Blue Coat School is now is the Little St John Hospital, and the ditch outside the walls was, years later, used as the outline route for the Shropshire Union Canal.
The gate was the old Roman entrance to Chester from the north of the city. The old gatehouse you see in the video was replaced in 1810 by the structure which still stands there to this day and crosses Northgate Street.
You can watch more of Martin's videos HERE.
Google's streaming television service is quite affordable at a mere $35 a month. While many might jump at the idea, there is an unfortunate restriction. So far, it's only available in some markets. But, as of today, a few million more people can now access it, as YouTube TV is rolling out to 34 new areas including New Orleans, Omaha, and Tuscon.
🗣️ Cable-free live TV is now in 34 new metro areas. Try YouTube TV today and watch your favorite sports & shows LIVE → https://t.co/RGKYM1RfjC pic.twitter.com/Usf8XBftAN — YouTube TV (@YouTubeTV) December 11, 2017
This progressive rollout is at least in part because YouTube TV tries to include some local stations for each area. That can also mean that some channels aren't available in all locations, so YMMV when it comes to the selection in your city. That also means that, if you decide to fire up YouTube TV while traveling, you might not see the same channels available.
In addition to the 33 new markets, Google has also further refined the distinction when it comes to Greenville, as the service supports both Greenville, North Carolina and Greenville, South Carolina.
The new markets are:
Albany
Baton Rouge
Buffalo
Cedar Rapids
Chattanooga
Colorado Springs
Des Moines
Flint
Fresno-Visalia
Ft. Myers-Naples
Ft. Smith-Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers (Arkansas)
Green Bay
Greenville (North Carolina)
Huntsville-Decatur (Florida)
Jackson (Mississippi)
Knoxville
Little Rock
Madison
New Orleans
Omaha
Paducah-Cape Girardeau-Harrisburg
Portland-Auburn (Maine)
Providence
Roanoke-Lynchburg (Virginia)
Rochester
Savannah
Shreveport
South Bend-Elkhart (Indiana)
Spokane
Springfield (Missouri)
Toledo
Tucson
Tulsa
Waco
If you're in one of those areas, and you've been waiting for YouTube TV to land, go ahead and check it out. There's even a free trial. Still no Adult Swim, though. 😢
Tuesday, Nov. 7, is an election day focused on local governmental issues. Many areas of Minnesota will have ballots for city officials, school board members, township officers, park district board members and local ballot questions.
Your participation in these elections is very important. If you have questions the Minnesota Secretary of State's web page (sos.state.mn.us) presents a section entitled “What's On My Ballot?” You should also notice that early voting has begun. Absentee ballots cast before Election Day are an increasingly important part of Minnesota's election process.
In all, 46 Minnesota school districts will have operating levy questions on the ballot and 39 will present voters with bonding questions for new or remodeled facilities. These are significant if not critical issues for your schools and we urge you to give these ballot questions careful and informed attention.
There is a basic difference between a bond question and an operating levy question.
Operating Levy Questions
So what is an operating levy question? Generally it is a question on the ballot asking for property tax support for the running of the schools. In some districts it is a renewal of a previously voter-approved tax levy. In some instances the operating levy request will be divided into two or more questions, each addressing a specific but different need. The questions may include an annual increase for inflation.
In the past 15 to 20 years, voter-approved tax levies have become a basic part of Minnesota school funding. During those years the amount of state funding hasn't kept pace with basic inflationary costs. Program requirements have also been added to school responsibilities without adequate state funding.
The voter-approved operating levy procedure has become a necessary tool for school districts dealing with funding issues. These property tax levies aren't for “extras” but for curriculum, programs, services and class size. Your vote may make a difference. Students in districts where voters have approved operating levies typically are at an advantage to students in districts where levies were not approved.
Bond Questions
A bond question asks voters for approval to borrow money for projects related to facility and capital equipment needs. The bond is like a mortgage. The monies aren't used to run the schools but to build, maintain and/or equip the schools.
The bond calls for a payback period of a specific number of years. Bonds for new schools, for example, often have a 20-to-30 year payback. Equipment bonds may have a payback of 5-to-10 years, depending on the projected life of the equipment.
Each district's request is unique to that district's needs. Student population growth demands additional space. Shift in student population location requires new schools in areas where neither schools nor homes had been located before. Changes in technology and higher expectations for student learning require space and equipment to provide opportunity for quality learning.
Student safety is a greater need today than it was for previous generations and it has become more difficult to keep schools safe and secure. Safety and health improvements are costly and often require bond support for implementation.
The reason the proposed bond and levy issues are referred to as ballot “questions” is because your vote on those issues is based on a yes or no answer. But the real question, and it is a question not a foregone conclusion, is “how will my vote affect the students in our schools?”
Each school district should have completed a study process, open to the public, to determine the needs on which the ballot questions are based. Each question should be accompanied with an analysis of what will happen for the students if the issues are approved and what will happen if they are voted down. These answers and support data should be available to the public in either print form, on-line and/or in public forums.
We encourage voters to find those answers and consider the impact of their vote on students. School districts have a responsibility to inform the voters of consequences of their vote. We encourage and expect school districts to make that information readily available for voters to consider.
Parents of students now enrolled in the schools have the clearest focus of the consequences of a yes or no vote. However, community members without students in the schools have a responsibility to be informed on these questions because it is their community that will be defined by the management of these schools.
– An opinion of the ECM Publishers Editorial Board. Reactions to this editorial — and to any commentary on these pages – are always welcome. Send to: [email protected]
Northern Regional College has introduced a number of new courses, including Foundation Degrees and Higher Level Apprenticeships, to give A Level students the benefit of accessing higher education without the burden of student debt.
This year, the college is offering more choices than ever before across its six campuses with 70 full-time and part-time higher education courses covering a range of vocational areas.
These include: Accountancy, Applied and Medical Science, Business Studies, Computing, Construction Engineering, Early Childhood Studies, Engineering and Health & Social Care.
Vincent Taggart, Vice Principal Teaching & Learning at Northern Regional College says the extended curriculum has been developed in response to demand from employers to ensure students have the right skillset.
“We put the student first in everything we do to make sure they are equipped with the necessary skills to meet the needs of local industry and employers and compete successfully in the global employment market,” Vince said.
He added: “With its smaller classes, excellent tutorial and online support, strong employer links and competitive fees with payments plans, Northern Regional College provides a wide range of options for those achieving A Levels and who wish to progress to higher education.”
One of the new courses introduced by Northern Regional College is the part time Foundation degree in Construction Engineering with Surveying at the Ballymena campus.
Validated by Ulster University, it offers a route to either employment in construction, surveying, project management and building surveying or further qualifications.
It is is also suitable for anyone already working in the construction or engineering sectors who want qualifications to improve their career prospects.
One of the established courses is the Higher Level Apprenticeship (HLA) in Accountancy, which is a proven alternative route to a career in the Accountancy.
It is a popular choice for students who want to ‘earn as they learn' as they are in College one day a week and work for their employer the other four days under a two-year employment contract.
On successful completion of the course, students can progress to either Chartered Accountancy exams or Chartered Management exams (CIMA).
The College offers Higher Level Apprenticeships in Manufacturing Engineering and Computing at the Ballymena campus as well as Foundation degrees in a range of subjects, including Construction Engineering with Surveying which is being introduced this year at both the Ballymena and Coleraine campuses.
There will be an open enrolment day at all campuses on Thursday, August 17 from 9am to 9pm. This is an excellent opportunity to receive information and guidance on specific courses from our experienced staff.
Visit nrc.ac.uk for further information or to apply online.
By MATTHEW BARAKAT
Associated Press
McLEAN, Va. (AP) - It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, which has one of the wealthiest, best-educated populations in America: Hundreds of second-graders troop off to private psychologists for IQ tests to prove they're worthy of advanced academic programs in the public schools.
The competition is fierce. Acceptance, some parents believe, can be the key to getting into prestigious Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology, a magnet school that routinely sends graduates to the most competitive colleges.
"I guess I never made the cut," said Aaron Moorer, who is African-American and eventually graduated from Mount Vernon High with a 3.8 GPA. "I never made the special class."
Moorer's family wasn't aware that hundreds of families file appeals every year, armed with private exams costing more than $500, to persuade bureaucrats their child is deserving. This system exacerbates a problem plaguing gifted-and-talented programs across the nation: Black and Hispanic students almost never file the appeals that can secure their admission.
Using the Virginia Freedom of Information Act to obtain 10 years of county records, The Associated Press found that fewer than 50 black and Hispanic second-graders have filed successful appeals. That's less than 3 percent of the 1,737 second-graders admitted through the appeals process, further skewing a program already heavily weighted toward whites and Asians.
Fairfax County has the nation's 10th largest public school system, with more than 188,000 students. Of those, 25 percent are Hispanic and 10 percent are African-American. But over the last 10 years, blacks and Hispanics have constituted only 12 percent of the students deemed eligible for Level IV, the most advanced academic program.
Notably, the data show that when black and Hispanic students do submit intelligence tests, they are just as likely to gain admission as their white and Asian counterparts. The problem is that black and Hispanic students only rarely submit appeals.
Francisco Duran, the school system's chief academic and equity officer, downplayed the disparities in the appeals process, citing successful efforts to enroll more black and Hispanic students through teacher referrals and other means. But he acknowledged that the school system is not where it wants to be in terms of identifying students at an early age who have the potential for advanced academics.
"We want it to be so that we don't have a need for an appeals process," Duran said.
Looking back, Moorer is sure he could have handled more advanced classes if given the opportunity.
"Not being included in the academic program kind of left me feeling unchallenged. I was able to get straight A's but I was often left bored in class. I felt somewhat envious to know that many of the friends that I had in those classes were learning at a more advanced level," said Moorer, now an undergrad at Hampden-Sydney College. He also was accepted at James Madison University but was waitlisted at Virginia Tech and turned down by University of North Carolina.
For talented students, the stakes are high: Children in Level IV, the highest and most competitive, can be assigned to schools with concentrated numbers of gifted students, providing what many parents feel is a more robust learning environment. Lower levels, offered in neighborhood schools, may include occasional enrichment projects, outside classwork and advanced reading assignments.
The appeals culture in Fairfax is so prevalent that nearby George Mason University has graduate psychology students learn their trade by administering the tests. Ellen Rowe, the Cognitive Assessment Program's director, said sliding-scale fees make testing accessible to low-income families, but "we don't control who comes to us."
Even the lucky ones can sense the injustice. Mark Biear of Vienna, who is white, has two kids in Level IV, one of whom successfully appealed. He found that some parents discussed the process openly, while others seemed reluctant to share information might give another family an advantage.
"I wish it was more transparent," said Biear.
Jonathan Plucker, president of the National Association for Gifted Children, said Fairfax County's system "feels pretty extraordinary, but it doesn't surprise me." Wealthy, suburban districts often face intense parental demand for gifted programs, he said.
Plucker applauds the placement testing for all second-graders, but says allowing hundreds of parents to spend hundreds of dollars for a second IQ test defeats the purpose. "Why add a second level to the process that just reintroduces the disparities you're seeking to get rid of in the first place?" he asks.
Carol Horn, who ran the advanced academic program for Fairfax County Public Schools until her recent retirement, acknowledged the enrollment gap. She noted that some form of appeals process is required by the state. She initiated Young Scholars, an effort to enroll and support more minorities in advanced classes, and encouraged teachers to send more kids of color her way, which has led to more diversity.
"If parents don't know about the program, teachers become the advocate for the children," Horn said.
It's not just that appeals are costly, said Tina Hone, who advocated for minority students when she was a Fairfax County school board member. Some black and Hispanic families may be less interested in advanced placement when it means moving a child out of neighborhood school where specialized education isn't offered, she said.
"It's about cultural norms," said Hone, who is African-American. "It's not just about money."
Katherine Cespedes said teachers didn't encourage her to pursue advanced academics after she arrived in Virginia from Argentina at age 7. She said they initially focused more on developing her English-language skills.
"I don't think my teacher believed I was capable back then," Cespedes said. Only after an English teacher at Falls Church High School took interest in her did she push herself to take honors courses, graduating with a 3.5 GPA and earning a scholarship for George Mason University.
There are just a few dozen black students at Thomas Jefferson, where sophomore Alina Ampeh is surrounded by whites and Asians - a situation she's lived with since elementary school. She's grateful that all those years of advanced classes prepared her for TJ's rigorous academics, but says that doesn't necessarily make her special: She thinks many of her classmates simply have parents who worked the system. "If you want to get in, you just complain about it," she said.
Alina's mother, Karen Ampeh, also is grateful, but disappointed that so few African-Americans have benefited from such high-quality instruction.
"In my experience, the AAP program is for students who are pushed by their parents, or possibly other adults, to be in the program," she said. "It is not a welcome environment for black students unless they have a lot of support from home."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Christmas is all about good people, good food, and the joys of giving. Finding the perfect gifts for the ones you love can easily take up up majority of your time and money leading up to this joyous occasion, so it's easy to forget about those final holiday touches. With everyone feeling burnt out from the endless holiday shopping, stocking stuffers are too often an afterthought rather than a main event. Keeping that Christmas joy is about more than just a few big presents under the tree, its about putting that extra bit of thought into the smaller things.
If you're looking for a little help picking out some great products to stuff in those holiday socks, we've got you covered. From portable battery chargers to action cams, we've rounded up the best stocking stuffers for the tech lovers in your life.
Portable battery charger Battery life is one of those things you don't really worry about until it's too late. Finding yourself stranded out in the world with a dead phone can be scary, but it can be easily avoided. Just pick up a portable battery charger to keep those mobile devices juiced and ready to go. You can grab one of these handy little gadget for as low as $16 on Amazon, or take a look at some of our favorites for more options. Check out our favorites or See this one
Wireless Bluetooth headphones Anyone with ears could probably use a fresh pair of headphones, and when it comes to headphones, wireless is the way to go. If you're looking for a practical piece of tech to stuff in those stockings, you can't go wrong with a pair of these. You can grab this pair of Bluetooth headphones for just $30 on Amazon. Check out our favorites or See this pair
Portable Bluetooth speaker If you need a portable way to listen to your music when you can't or don't want to use headphones, a Bluetooth speaker like the pocket-sized JBL Go is just what the doctor ordered. The JBL Go comes in a variety of colors and can be yours for just $20 from Newegg. Check out our favorites or See this one
Action camera Portable cameras are great to have whether you're at home capturing some fun Christmas moments with the family or you're recording your adventures in the great outdoors. GoPros can put a big dent in your wallet, but the rugged and budget-friendly DBPower is a great alternative. This pocket-sized 1080p action cam is available on Amazon for just $50. Check out our favorites or See this one
USB-C cables USB-C cables are a must-have for rapid charging and high-speed data transfers on modern devices, and the Anker PowerLine+ is one of our favorite models. These super-tough cables feature braided nylon construction for long-lasting durability. You can grab a two-pack of the Anker PowerLine+ USB-C cables for $12 from Amazon. Check out our favorites or See this one
Smartwatch Although many were skeptical at first, smartwatches are definitely here to stay and are only growing in popularity. The Fossil Q series is a popular and affordable line of wearables, and the Q Marshal's classic aesthetics offer a timeless look with its round case and leather band. The Fossil Q Marshal smartwatch comes in at $153 on Amazon, saving you $102 (40 percent). Check out our favorites or See this one
Fitness tracker For the active tech-lover, a fitness tracker like the Fitbit Alta is the perfect companion. This tough water-resistant activity watch is great for a wide variety of activities and isn't as big and clunky (or as expensive) as some models. The Fitbit Alta is now $31 off, knocking it down to $99 on Amazon. Check out our favorites or See this one
Portable item finder If you or someone you know needs help keeping track of those small gadgets, then the Tile Mate has come to the rescue. This handy item finder syncs with your devices so you can keep real-time tabs on your phone, tablet, computer, keys, bag, wallet, or anything else you don't want to lose. The Tile Mate item finder comes in at just $20 from Amazon. Check out our favorites or See this one
Mulcahy: You didn't see Michael Ryan running in like that 17 April 2017
Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald and Aidan Nolan clash with Jason Forde of Tipperary.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald and Aidan Nolan clash with Jason Forde of Tipperary.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
Tomas Mulcahy has described Davy Fitzgerald's antics during yesterday's Allianz Hurling League semi-final as 'unacceptable'.
Speaking to the RTE Sport GAA podcast, the former Cork All-Ireland winning captain condemned the Wexford manager's decision to run onto the field and clash with Tipperary's Jason Forde.
“We all know what Davy is about," Mulcahy said.
“We know he's passionate, and that's fantastic, and it brings an awful lot to the game. I'm sure it's bringing an awful lot to the dressing-room.
“Behind all that he has a bit of a hurling brain and he puts an awful lot into teams and building camaraderie. He's fantastic at that, but I think it was just unacceptable from his side of things.
"You cannot enter the field of play. You cannot be squaring up to opponents. You cannot be shouldering players. Maybe the disappointment was from the referee, that he actually let him go back on to the sideline.
“I thought he should have been put up into the stand. It could have been a serious free-for-all if other players had joined in. There were frees given against Tipperary were everyone felt they were harsh frees. You didn't see Michael Ryan running in off the field. He's not allowed to cross the white line to go in and challenge a player.
“It's not good enough. He's a linesman beside him, he can air his grievances to the linesman, there's a fourth official behind him, but all he wanted to do was go in to Diarmuid Kirwan and it could have turned out to be pretty nasty. When he sees it again he'll agree he was out of order.”
The video literally shows a pick-up truck driver getting out of his car, and walking over to punch a cyclist in the face.
It's absolute madness. News reports have told that the cyclist hadn't even done anything wrong before he entered camera, either.
He had stayed in the cycle lane as far as possible, and roadworks had prevented the pick-up truck from passing him. When the roadworks cleared, the pick-up overtook the rider, and that should have been the end of it.
The YouTube video reads that: “The only words spoken occurred after the punches were thrown, when the driver said, ‘Get off the fucking road'.
“The driver, who left the scene, was later apprehended by police, charged with simple assault, and released. We do not know if additional charges are going to be brought against the driver.”
Let's be clear though, even if the cyclist in this video had been an absolute dickhead, cycled slowly in front of the car and looked back winking (which he obviously didn't, he was just casually riding along the road), this would still not be a valid reason to get out of your vehicle and punch them in the face.
There is very rarely a reason to punch a cyclist in the face. Cyclists are human beings too. And there is never a justification for honking your horn or screaming at, never mind punching, a cyclist who is obeying all the rules of the road.
Here is a useful pie chart to refer to if you are ever in doubt about whether or not you should punch a cyclist:
Long story short. Don't punch cyclists. And stop saying you hate cyclists while you're at it.
Niall Murphy's pointed free deep in injury-time salvaged a point for Sligo against Offaly in a dire game of football in O'Connor Park in Tullamore on Monday afternoon.
Offaly, needing a win to escape the relegation zone, led 0-08 to 0-07 as the clocked ticked beyond the seventy but they dragged their entire team back into defence and invited Sligo onto them for one last attack from which the scoreable free was manufactured.
The draw means that Offaly remain in the bottom two, just one point behind Derry and Sligo in fifth and sixth respectively.
Stephen Wallace's side head to Mullingar knowing that a win will most likely preserve their status in Division 3.
That's unless there's a draw in Markievicz Park between Sligo and Derry whereby it would come down to a points difference battle between Offaly and Sligo.
Offaly led at the break after a dismal half of football in which the visitors could only register 0-02 despite the aid of a strong wind at their backs.
Both sides were already down to 14 men at that stage as Offaly's Conor Carroll received a black card on top of a yellow on 26 minutes before Sligo's Stephen Coen was issued with a straight red seven minutes later.
Sligo improved somewhat in the second half and hit the post and then the crossbar as they went in search of goals in the second period. The introduction of Sean Carribine at the interval spiced up their attack and he hit two points.
But Cathal Corey's team could never get in front and Offaly, with Nigel Dunne and Anton Sullivan hitting scores, maintained a one-point lead as we reached the endgame.
With seconds remaining, they opted not contest the Sligo kickout and decided to crowd their own half with bodies instead.
As Sligo mounted their final attack, Offaly midfielder Peter Cunningham became the third player to be sent off after committing a second bookable offence.
Once Sligo re-started the game, they worked the ball upfield in spite of the forest of defenders and earned a free-in 25 yards out from goal and Murphy would make no mistake.
Offaly - P Dunican; P McConway, J Lalor, S Nally; D Dempsey, D Hogan, N Darby; P Cunningham, M Brazil; C McNamee, A Sullivan (0-1), C Donohue; B Allen (0-3), C Carroll, N Dunne (0-4, 2f).
Subs: J Hayes for C Donohue, C Johnson for N Dunne (BC), D Brady for P McConway, S Tierney for A Sullivan.
Sligo - A Devaney; R Donovan, L Nicholson, C Harrison (0-1); Keelan Cawley, A McIntyre, G O'Kelly Lynch; K McDonnell, N Murphy (0-1f); N Ewing (0-1), P O'Connor (0-1), L Gaughan (0-1); S Coen, P Hughes, A Marren (0-1f).
Subs: C Breheny (0-1) for Keelan Cawley, Kyle Cawley for P Hughes, S Carrabine (0-1) for L Nicholson, D Cummins for A Marren (BC), P Hughes for P O'Connor.
Referee - J Molloy.
Now states are getting a dose of the same medicine.
PhRMA set the stage in 2016 by establishing a group that ultimately spent $110 million to defeat a high-profile California ballot initiative requiring state agencies to pay no more for drugs than does the federal Department of Veterans Affairs. A PhRMA-linked group spent more than $50 million to defeat a similar ballot measure last year in Ohio.
Traditionally well-represented in state houses, PhRMA wrote checks to hundreds of legislative candidates and political action committees in dozens of states in 2016, newly available IRS filings show. So did many of its member companies, according to new data published by the Center for Political Accountability, a nonprofit that works to shed light on corporate political spending.
Related: Pharma spends millions to squelch price control talk
Merck, maker of a hepatitis C drug called Zepatier that costs $54,600 according to Truven Health Analytics, gave $19 million to PhRMA in 2016. It also gave about $500,000 to candidates and political committees in some two dozen states, sometimes in checks as small as $100, according to the CPA data compiled from voluntary disclosures on corporate websites.
Amgen, maker of leukemia drug Blincyto, which costs $173,000 for an average treatment, donated to more than 100 state house candidates in about a dozen states for the 2016 elections. Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Allergan also directly or indirectly supported state candidates in 2016, CPA data show.
“I've been in the legislature 10 years. I've never in my life seen that kind of effort." “I've been in the legislature 10 years. I've never in my life seen that kind of effort."
Pharma companies “definitely have not seen that kind of activity aimed at them at the state level before and have raised their presence to address that,” said Leanne Gassaway, top state lobbyist for America's Health Insurance Plans, a major insurance trade group.
Few states got as much pharma attention the past two years as Louisiana, though the money spent there fell short of the tens of millions invested in swaying referenda in California and Ohio. It's cheaper to influence scores of lawmakers than millions of voters.
Drug prices are “something that's completely out of control,” Talbot said, adding that he gets constituent requests to rein in prescription medicine prices.
Neither Talbot, chairman of the House insurance committee, nor many others in the conservative state are moving to regulate drug prices. But he and other lawmakers saw promise in an idea from Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana, a big insurer whose premiums have been driven up partly by rising drug expenses.
Related: Feds should fight high drug prices
The proposal, which got little news coverage even in Louisiana, would have required sales reps promoting their latest, greatest medicines to give doctors the wholesale prices at the same time. Physicians, who are largely unaware of prescription costs, might think twice about ordering $500 worth of brand-name pills when a $30 generic could deliver the same benefit, the thinking went.
The measure died in committee after the pharma lobby staged its flash mob at the 2016 meeting. When the idea came up again last spring, this time with backing from Talbot and Sen. Fred Mills, Republican chairman of the Senate health committee, the industry shifted into high gear.
Mills got “a tremendous amount of calls” on his cellphone from pharma lobbyists as well as emails and texts almost immediately after his bill landed on a legislative website, he recalled. First in line was Pete Martinez, PhRMA's top Louisiana operative.
“I've had this volume” of special-interest pressure “but not the speed,” said Mills, a small-pharmacy owner from St. Martin Parish who said he sees the rising price of pills firsthand. Mills recalled phone calls from “top government affairs people” at Pfizer, “telling me the problems with this bill.”
No fewer than 84 lobbyists representing pill companies blanketed Baton Rouge at the height of the legislative session last year, state records show — the most in at least nine years.
In 2016, PhRMA gave directly to about 80 Louisiana state politicians, more than those in any other state, the IRS filing shows. PhRMA and individual drug companies have made more than $600,000 in contributions to Louisiana state and local political races in the past three years, according to campaign finance files.
Martinez did not respond to requests for an interview. At hearings in Louisiana, PhRMA argued that informing doctors of wholesale drug prices is irrelevant to patients. What matters is consumers' out-of-pocket payment, not the rest of the cost that's often picked up by insurance, they said.
Related: New group takes on drug prices and big pharma
“We are committed to engaging with lawmakers, patients and others to find solutions that actually help patients,” a PhRMA spokesman said in a statement for this article.
Proponents countered that rising total drug costs are an increasingly painful burden on taxpayers, employers, workers and everybody else who pays them indirectly through insurance plans and government programs.
PhRMA's opposition had an effect.
Instead of making sales people disclose prices, the legislation that lawmakers eventually passed and that Gov. John Bel Edwards signed in June requires the Louisiana Board of Pharmacy to host a website listing the information. Rather than ordering drug reps to tell doctors about the site, the act says they “may” give prescribers the internet address if they choose.
The law “is quite watered down and basically meaningless,” said Ameet Sarpatwari, an epidemiologist and lawyer at Harvard Medical School who follows pharma laws.
Talbot says he may have lost this battle but will continue the war.
“I'm going to take another stab at it” this year, he said. “We're on the front wave of this thing. All the states are jumping on this bandwagon.”
This story was contributed by Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
1:32 Scene of tragedy: Pitcher José Fernandez dies on the water Pause
2:38 Details of fatal boat crash involving Marlins' Jose Fernandez
1:47 Marlins fan Manny Forte talks about Jose Fernandez
1:20 Marlins Fanfest celebrates passion for home team
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
A Tennessee sheriff made an emotional appeal for the public's help in finding a person of interest believed to be connected to the shooting death of a sheriff's deputy during a traffic stop.
"Our hearts shattered with this," Dixon County Sheriff Joe Bledsoe said at a news conference this afternoon.
The deputy who was killed has not yet been publicly identified by the sheriff's department, but Bledsoe said he was "one of our best deputies."
"He's one of the guys that puts it on the line every day to keep our community safe," Bledsoe said of the slain deputy.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has released the name and a photo of the person of interest in the case, whom they have identified as Steven Wiggins.
The agency wrote on Twitter that Wiggins is "believed to be armed and dangerous," and called for the public's help to find him.
NEW PICTURE: Here's a more recent photograph of Steven Wiggins, from a 2017 arrest in Williamson County. pic.twitter.com/qDSMgKBNMN — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
Bledsoe said that the deputy came into contact with Wiggins after he responded to a call about a suspicious vehicle.
Wiggins has been added to the state's Top 10 Most Wanted list along with a $2,500 reward for information.
On the Top 10 listing, it states that he is wanted for aggravated assault and theft, while also being a person of interest in the killing of the unidentified Dickson County deputy.
We've also added Wiggins to our Top 10 Most Wanted list. There is now a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to his arrest. pic.twitter.com/vnERWldSXQ — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
TBI records show that Wiggins is 31 years old and has previously been arrested for multiple cases of assault and domestic assault, as well as cases involving aggravated kidnapping, false imprisonment, leaving the scene of an accident, unlawful possession of a weapon and theft.
Bledsoe said that a member of the deputy's family has been told of his death, and they are "devastated, just like we are."
"Even though our hearts [are] broken, we're driven right now with a focus and resolve that this person is captured," Bledsoe said.
Share
The BBC is turning to the California Federal Court to help it discover who leaked footage from an upcoming season of Doctor Who, one of its most successful shows.
The footage, which lasts just short of a minute, reportedly shows the new Doctor Who — Jodie Whittaker — along with two photos of the actor. The content was shared on the Tapatalk app, which offers people easy access to forums from across the web.
California-based Tapatalk isn't accused of any malpractice, indeed, the app's terms and conditions warns users against sharing copyrighted material.
Representing the show, BBC Studios is asking the court to force Tapatalk to release data that could reveal the source of the leak, BBC News reported this week.
The British media giant said in a statement that it will “strive to protect our program-makers, audiences and license fee payers from any breaches of security — ensuring Doctor Who fans enjoy the final and fully completed version of the episode when it premieres.”
According to the BBC, the leaked footage had not completed the production process and therefore lacked the proper color grading. It also included “temporary music.” Such characteristics could help to pinpoint the perpetrator, the BBC said, as they may help to identify where along the production process the leak occurred.
Another clue could come from the discovery that a “small number” of people on text and chat app Discord had talked about the leaked content prior to its appearance on Tapatalk.
The link to the footage has since been removed from Tapatalk, and BBC Studios has been working to remove the content from various social media services and other websites.
The BBC's long-running sci-fi series has built up a huge fanbase over the years, with leaks proving to be something of an occasional problem for the show. But it's not always mysterious miscreants spoiling the fun. In 2014, BBC Worldwide, which merged with BBC Studios in April, was forced to issue a public apology after it accidentally gave online access to five scripts and six unfinished episodes from an upcoming season.
More recently, the Doctor himself, then Peter Capaldi, unexpectedly revealed during an interview that he was retiring from the show before any official announcement had been made.
Steven Moffat, at the time Doctor Who‘s showrunner, said of Capaldi's surprise revelation: “In this world where … it is absolutely impossible to keep secrets, there was no point in trying. I'd far rather nobody knew until the regeneration. That would be so exciting, but we just can't do it.”
The next season of Doctor Who, which stars Whittaker as the first female Doctor in its 55-year history, airs in the fall.
Arkansas is fighting to execute seven inmates before a key drug used in lethal injections expires.
The state initially tried to execute eight. But attorneys for Bruce Ward, one of the men on the list, requested a stay based on mental disability, which was granted by the Arkansas Supreme Court.
Of the seven men still on Arkansas' list, four are black, three are white and all were convicted of murder. Here's a look at who they are and their crimes:
Don William Davis, 54
Davis has been convicted in the brutal death of Jane Daniel. Daniel was in her home when Davis broke in and shot her with a .44-caliber gun. Seven years ago, he came within six hours of being executed by the state before the Arkansas Supreme Court halted it and addressed whether legislators had left out key details to the prison staff. Ultimately, the justices tossed out Arkansas' death-row policies. Davis has not sought clemency but has joined other inmates' various lawsuits.
Jack Herold Jones, Jr., 52
Jones was initially scheduled to be put to death Monday at 9 p.m. CDT. Jones has spent the past two decades on death row for killing Mary Phillips and trying to kill her daughter, Lacy, during a robbery at an accounting office. Phillips was found naked from the waist down with a cord from a coffee pot tied around her neck. Lacy was left for dead but woke up as police photographed her. Jones has said he is “not interested in clemency and has apologized for his actions.”
Kenneth Dewayne Williams, 38
Williams was initially scheduled to be executed on Thursday. Williams was convicted of murdering Cecil Boren in 1999 and has spent the past 17 years of his life on death row. Three weeks after his conviction, Williams escaped by hiding in a container of hog slop being ferried from a prison kitchen to a prison hog farm outside the main gates. While in prison, Williams said he had killed another person in 1998. He gave a one-minute, 15-second speech in front of the parole board where he accepted full responsibility for his actions.
Stacey E. Johnson, 47
Johnson was put on death row for the murder of Carol Heath in 1993. Heath was beaten and strangled and had her throat slit. Heath's daughter, Ashley, has said she's forgiven Johnson but wants him to admit he killed his mother. Johnson has refused and has strongly maintained his innocence. His initial conviction was overturned when the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled that a police officer should not have told jurors that Ashley, who was 6 at the time and found incompetent to testify, had picked Johnson out of a photo lineup.
Ledell Lee, 51
Lee is sentenced to die for the 1993 murder of Debra Reese, his neighbor. He beat Reese 36 times with a tire tool her husband had given her for protection. Lee was apprehended less than an hour after the grizzly death, trying to spend the $300 he had stolen from her. DNA evidence has also linked him to the disappearance of Christin Lewis, 22. Lee is also serving time for the rapes of a Jacksonville woman and teenager.
Marcel Williams, 46
Williams was found guilty of the rape and murder of Stacy Errickson. Williams abducted the mother of two when she stopped for gas in Jacksonville, Fla. He then drove around to multiple ATMs and had her take out $350. Errickson's body was found badly beaten and bound in a park two weeks later. Williams confessed to killing Errickson.
Jason F. McGehee, 40
McGehee beat to death Johnny Melbourne, Jr., for telling police who was behind an Arkansas theft ring. While several people are accused of beating and torturing the 15-year-old Melbourne, co-defendants claims McGehee did most of it. During his trial, McGehee asked the jury for mercy and said he had grown up in a dysfunctional family. The jury convicted him in 90 minutes.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace may have lost their top goalscorer for the season, but Eagles boss Roy Hodgson insists that he is happy with the squad he has for the remaining 13 games.
Hodgson admits that the Eagles have been dealt a "massive blow" after it was confirmed that Bakary Sako has been ruled out for the rest of the season , having fractured his ankle and damaged ankle ligaments during the 1-1 draw with West Ham in midweek.
And the Palace boss says that losing the former Wolves man, who has scored six goals in all competitions this season, is unfortunate for both the player and the club.
"There's no question we have to replace Bakary's goals. Bakary's injury is a really unfortunate one, not only for him but for the club - he was doing so well," he said.
"He has missed so much football during his previous years at the club before I arrived here.
"To have done so well over these last few months and to not only fight his way into the team but when he got into the team to do as well as he has done, it is a massive blow for him.
"It's a blow for us too because it came right at the end of the transfer window and we obviously thought we were adding to our strike force but in the end all we have done is simply replaced."
But Hodgson says that he is happy with the squad he has got following the transfer window, adding that he is pleased to know what he now has to work with in terms of players.
And he says that he hopes new signing Alexander Sorloth will bolster his attacking options, after the Norwegian striker joined the Eagles on transfer deadline day.
"We still think we have enough players to see us through and I'm just looking forward to getting on with that and not having to think about possibilities of what may or may not happen," said Hodgson.
"I know now what players we have here at the club. I am happy with who we have and we will work with those, hopefully Alexander [Sorloth] will add to our striking options. And give me a few more options than I had. Certainly more options than I had at the start of the season when [Christian] Benteke was injured and Bakary [Sako] hadn't broken into the team."
Meanwhile, Hodgson said he is confident that the goals will come for Palace's former Aston Villa and Liverpool striker, after Benteke notched his second goal of the season in the 1-1 draw against West Ham on Tuesday.
But he said he has been happy with his contribution to the team, despite not being as prolific as he has been in previous seasons, adding that the responsibility for scoring goals does not just fall on strikers.
"The injury didn't help for [Christian] Benteke and he was out for six weeks when he injured a ligament against Manchester City," he said.
"He had to come back and it's only in the last two or three weeks we have seen a fully fit Benteke able to do everything we want.
"And the goals will come. It is hard for strikers when they are not scoring, having to wake up every morning to listen to the radio or watch television or read the papers or look online and see criticism for not scoring.
"I think if you are a centre-forward and you've scored so many goals the previous year and you aren't scoring as many and people are asking questions why, or criticising maybe for not doing so much, that affects you, no matter how mentally strong you are.
"But I hope at least Christian [Benteke] has put that behind him and I am sure he would say he would rather be in a team that wins when he is not scoring than be in the losing team when he is scoring goals.
"He knows our opinion though, we just want him to play well and help the team win games. And if he can score as well, that's great.
"As far as I'm concerned it's the team that scores and he is going to be part of that team. We need to share the goals around."
The rumors of Prince Philip's infidelity are central to the plot of the second season of The Crown. Throughout its 10 episode arc, the show hints at his alleged affairs, suggesting he had feelings for ballerina Galina Ulanova and flings while traveling abroad without the Queen. But we never actually see Philip cheat on his wife on-screen.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The storyline lives in the gray area, and, at least according to Robert Lacey, The Crown's historical consultant, that was the intention: to lay out the facts and let the viewer make their own assumptions, a choice that emphasizes the fact that for the royal family, the appearance of impropriety is nearly as bad as committing the sin itself.
"Sometimes we have to reflect the ambiguity of the truth," Lacey told me while promoting his book, The Crown, The Official Companion. "That's one of the appeals of the series. That we don't go for easy solutions. We don't say 'yes, Philip was unfaithful,' nor do we say 'he was pure as the driven snow.' We say 'here is the evidence, you make up your mind.'"
Lacey called it a "hot spot area" in the historical development of this season. There's even a divide among those responsible for making The Crown. The show's creator Peter Morgan has made it clear that he thinks Philip was unfaithful. Earlier this year he reportedly said, "Doesn't everyone in Britain know [Philip] had an affair?"
Royal consultant Lacey believes Philip never betrayed the Queen. "I actually believe he was not unfaithful," Lacey said. "I feel that just as I believe that the Queen does not watch The Crown because she's above it."
But Lacey also acknowledges that Philip has made it easy for the rumors to fester by spending time alone with female companions, even traveling privately with them.
"Prince Philip has never made any secret that later in life he had several very close lady friends with whom he would go away for weekends—one friend used to enjoy carriage riding with him. Another, philosophical debates and discussions—but Philip's attitude has always been, 'So what? My wife trusts me.'"
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The question The Crown asks its viewers is, do you?
The Crown, The Official Companion is available on Amazon. The Crown premieres on Netflix on December 8.
Over time his migraines worsened.
"I was throwing up. All I was doing was lying down. I couldn't go to sleep. I couldn't do anything," said Manu.
Jackie Teave with her son Manu, 9, smiling happily after Botox treatment helped to alleviate Manu's debilitating headaches. Jackie Teave
“How the heck can such a tiny person get migraines?” asked Jackie Teave, Manu's mother. "Watching your child throwing up and in so much pain all the time is devastating.”
Eventually the Westminster, California native, now in fourth grade, was hospitalized for the condition.
Related: New Drugs May Stop Migraines Before They Start
Migraine symptoms often begin with throbbing head pain on one side of the head, but can affect both sides in children. Nausea, vomiting, dizziness, blurred vision, sensitivity to light and sound, and changes in temperament and personality can also occur.
About 20 percent of migraine sufferers, including children, also experience pre-headache symptoms, or auras, that often start an hour or so before a headache. Doctors are unsure why.
How long an episode lasts varies from individual to individual but, unlike adult migraines, which can carry on for up to four days, a child's migraine generally varies between one hour and one day.
"It felt like somebody was punching me inside my head." "It felt like somebody was punching me inside my head."
Children who get regular migraines don't have many options beyond over-the-counter painkillers and some anti-seizure medications, the latter of which can be extremely hazardous. Children improve more readily with sleep so the best treatment is a nap in a quiet, dark room, but many simply suffer through the pain.
"These children are not going to school, they're not functioning, and they're falling behind," said Dr. Shalini Shah, chief of pain medicine and director of pain services at UC Irvine Health. “So I decided to try Botox — my first patient did remarkably well so I started doing it more and more.”
Related: Botox Works As Well As Nerve Stimulator for Incontinence – Study
Botox, the brand name for botulinum toxin, is most popular for smoothing wrinkles, but is also FDA approved to treat a wide variety of conditions, including excessive sweating, overactive bladder, and migraine headaches in adults. In a new small pilot study, University of California, Irvine researchers led by Shah, found that Botox could ease migraines for kids and teens.
"Watching your child throwing up and in so much pain all the time is devastating.” "Watching your child throwing up and in so much pain all the time is devastating.”
Kids and teens receiving Botox injections every 12 weeks over a five-year period had improvements in their frequency, duration and intensity of migraines. The participants in the study were between the ages of 8 and 17 with chronic migraines — defined as 15 migraines per month or having experienced migraines eight to 30 days a month.
After the treatment period, the kids reported that their symptoms were not as painful, as well as a decrease in symptoms, from two to 10 days a month, and reduced length of episodes from 7-24 hours to 15-30 minutes. In order for the treatment to be effective, the children needed 31 injections in different spots along the head and neck.
The study was presented recently at the Anesthesiology 2017 annual meeting.
When Botox is used for anti-aging, it can cost $400 or more. When used for medical reasons, it is often covered by insurance.
Manu tried Botox last year. He now gets injections every 10 weeks.
"I saw a night and day difference," said Teave. "He's back in school. He's playing sports. And he 's playing with his brother."
Shah encourages rigorous testing to ensure the safety and effectiveness of Botox, in hopes that this will be a mainstay treatment for pediatric migraine headaches in the near future.
“Our goal is to go to the FDA and change labeling status,” says Shah. “The results are remarkable. Hopefully we'll soon be able to offer it as a validated treatment.”
On Sunday, March 4, the 90th Oscar award ceremony took place, featuring a star-studded guest list, much laughter, long speeches and, of course, politics. Host Jimmy Kimmel could hardly wait 10 minutes before getting in a jab at President Trump and his cabinet. On the president, he said: “Wow, the stunning Lupita Nyong'o — she was born in Mexico and raised in Kenya. Let the tweetstorm from the president's toilet begin.” The overt partisanship demonstrated by the Oscars is less than helpful to the important causes which the entertainment industry is trying to advance. Yes, free speech is free speech; but this opportunity to present important ideals is too rare and valuable to be squandered in a forum that showcases only liberal voices, affirms the opinions of like-minded viewers and shuns, offends and further entrenches an enormous voting bloc. What a waste of the important activist strides the Oscars could further with a little equanimity.
The Oscars serve as a powerful soap box to reach a wider audience — 26.5 million people in 2018 — and call widespread attention to pressing social issues. I believe that actors should be able to stand for the causes that matter to them and ensure that the rest of the population is exposed to their ideas. For example, the #MeToo movement condemning sexual assault would not have gained as much traction without the clout of celebrities. The Oscars were and will be a perfect stage to continue this discussion and many others to come.
However, blind ridicule and wholesale disparagement of the values of the right completely undermine the inclusive stance many liberals purport to espouse and detract from the positive resolution of important issues that should not be swept under the rug. Derision without self-reflection only further entrenches each camp in their ideals and hardens party divisions. The Oscars are a great time to shine a light on our most pressing issues: gun control, sexual assault movements such as #MeToo and #TimesUp and racial discrimination. But when this happens alongside blatant mockery, it weakens the credibility and legitimacy of these movements. Derision may cause conservatives to discredit the entire message, or simply turn off their TVs and with it their minds.
Such one-sided exposure is hardly new, not isolated to the Oscars, and represents a greater trend in Hollywood and American awards shows. At this year's Grammy award show, a plethora of celebrities, from Snoop Dogg to Hillary Clinton, read excerpts from the scathing White House “tell-all” book, “Fire and Fury”. Ben Shapiro, a conservative political commentator, tweeted in response: “Hillary Clinton reading ‘Fire and Fury' at the Grammys is why Trump won. But actually. It is.” While there are virtually no things on which Shapiro and I agree, he might be on to something here. Clinton, a learned and highly competent woman, made a set of mistakes that contributed to her loss of the 2016 presidential election. Many have pegged her greatest folly as being “out of tune” with “real” Americans. Clinton ran a star-studded campaign and argued that the voting power of the white working class was no longer relevant in the face of liberal enlightened thoughts. At the ballot box, they proved her, and the many celebrities who supported her, to be wrong. Whether or not Clinton has learned the lesson, the Oscars show that her celebrity followers have not.
Those who direct, speak and perform at the Oscars and those who laugh at the jokes are not ill-intentioned. In fact, they are mostly the opposite; a group of liberal-minded individuals looking to blow off steam after a tough electoral year and enact change. However, creating such a partisan Oscars does not help the progress of liberal ideals, and rather further isolates and alienates conservatives as “not welcome” in such events.
Whether we like it or not, Republicans currently hold the power in the Senate, House and presidency. If we want to see change, Democrats cannot continue to chortle in their echo chamber every time there is a stage to do so. The true Kodak-moment will be once we give constructive criticism, or take our voting power to the ballot box in 2018.
As Brown students on a left-leaning campus, we should realize that change requires the embrace of individuals on all sides of the aisle. Ad hominem attacks are not helpful in the long run because they undermine the larger social discussions they attempt to further. Most importantly, they do not work.
Emily Miller '19 can be reached at emily_miller@brown.edu. Please send responses to this opinion to letters@browndailyherald.com and op-eds to opinions@browndailyherald.com.
HIGHLAND HEIGHTS, Ky. — Drew McDonald and Carson Williams combined to score 44 points and Northern Kentucky topped Eastern Kentucky 91-63 on Sunday night.
The victory was the first over the Colonels since a 69-62 victory on January 4, 1983 and the first meeting between the schools in 25 years.
The Norse took a 37-29 advantage at intermission, opened the second half with a 10-1 run and maintained a double-digit advantage the rest of the way.
McDonald hit 10 of 13 from the field to score 23 points and grabbed nine rebounds in leading the Norse (7-3). Williams was9-of-10 shooting and had a career-best five steals. Northern Kentucky shot 60 per cent from the field (39 of 65), despite 5-of-22 shooting from 3-point range.
Jackson Davis had 13 points off the bench to lead Eastern Kentucky (4-6), which shot 45.5 per cent from the field (25 of 55) and hit 8 of 19 from beyond the arc.
LORDSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Valley Congressman Tim Ryan made a stop at the General Motors Lordstown plant on Monday and also talked about the plan to bring a HomeGoods distribution center next door.
He visited GM to show support for workers and the car they're making.
Ryan also supports bringing the HomeGoods facility, which would provide about 1,000 jobs, to Lordstown.
“We are sending a letter to the CEO of the company, letting him know that there is a lot of support for them coming here,” he said. “A thousand jobs, construction jobs would be significant for a year to 18 months, so we're supportive of them coming here and think it's a great opportunity for our Valley.”
Just last week, Lordstown residents talked about the project at a town hall meeting. Truck noise and traffic were just a couple of their concerns.
TJX will need to get the land rezoned from residential to industrial in order to bring its HomeGoods facility there. The village planning commission will vote on that issue on March 26.
Getty Image
The Golden State Warriors and the Minnesota Timberwolves squared off in China during an exhibition game on Thursday. Minnesota ended up coming out on top, 111-97, behind 16 points from both Jimmy Butler and Karl-Anthony Towns. Kevin Durant led the way for the Warriors with 20 points in 25 minutes.
Because it was a preseason exhibition overseas, there's not too terribly much to get riled up over, as the game was mostly about the spectacle of two NBA teams playing against one another in a unique environment. But for Steve Kerr, he was discouraged by how the Warriors performed, largely because they blew a five-point halftime lead which he believes should have been more. In fact, Kerr summed up his thoughts on Golden State's performance very succinctly.
“We got lazy,” Kerr bluntly told the press after the game.
Golden State has, to the surprise of no one, extremely high expectations as they're getting ready to go this year — as the reigning champs with aspirations of defending their title, they obviously want to be as sharp as possible once the season comes around. The good news is that there's no reason to expect that they won't be ready once the season comes around, but hey, set the bar high and the expectations are set later.
(Via Pro Basketball Talk)
BRANDON, Man. — Ilijah Colina's second goal of the night proved to be the winner as the Prince George Cougars edged the Brandon Wheat Kings 3-2 on Friday in Western Hockey League action.
Colina supplied the winner at 17:37 of the third period, breaking a 2-2 deadlock.
Jared Bethune also scored for the Cougars (19-26-8), who snapped a four-game slide, while assisting on both of Colina's goals for a three-point night.
Evan Weinger and Linden McCorrister scored for the Wheat Kings (28-18-5), who dropped their ninth game in a row.
Isaiah DiLaura turned aside 28 shots for the win as Logan Thompson kicked out 29 shots in defeat.
Prince George went 0 for 2 on the power play while Brandon was 1 for 3.
—
REBELS 3 WARRIORS 1
MOOSE JAW, Sask. — Riley Lamb turned aside 32 shots as Red Deer upset the league-leading Warriors.
Brandon Hagel, Chris Douglas and Kristian Reichel scored for the Rebels (15-25-12), who are 5-0-1 in their last six.
Josh Brook replied for Moose Jaw (39-9-3). Brody Willms stopped 25-of-27 shots in a losing cause.
—
RAIDERS 5 BLADES 2
PRINCE ALBERT, Sask. — Parker Kelly scored twice as the Raiders toppled Saskatoon to earn at least a point in their seventh straight outing.
Brett Leason, Curtis Miske and Cole Fonstad also scored for Prince Albert (21-20-10), which is 5-0-2 on its current run. Ian Scott made 19 saves for the win.
Logan Christensen and Eric Florchuk found the back of the net for the Blades (25-25-3). Nolan Maier kicked out 34-of-39 shots in a losing effort.
—
HURRICANES 5 BRONCOS 2
LETHBRIDGE, Alta. — Logan Flodell made 40 saves as the Hurricanes halted Swift Current's three-game win streak.
Tate Olson, Igor Merezhko, Jordy Bellerive, Keltie Jeri-Leon and Ty Prefontaine supplied the Lethbridge (24-21-6) offence.
Giorgio Estephan and Glenn Gawdin scored for the Broncos (36-13-4). Stuart Skinner turned away 31-of-35 shots in defeat.
—
CHIEFS 5 ICE 3
CRANBROOK, B.C. — Kailer Yamamoto had a goal and four assists and Jaret Anderson-Dolan scored once and set up three more as Spokane beat Kootenay.
Ty Smith, Jake McGrew and Luke Toporowski also scored for the Chiefs (27-19-5), who got 14 saves from Dawson Weatherill. Spokane's 5-0-2 in its last seven games.
Peyton Krebs, Martin Bodak and Colton Veloso scored for the Ice (23-25-3). Matt Berlin turned away 29-of-33 shots in a losing cause.
—
SILVERTIPS 3 ROCKETS 2
KELOWNA, B.C. — Bryce Kindopp scored the winner at 8:32 of the third period as Everett slipped past the Rockets.
Patrick Bajkov and Connor Dewar also scored for the Silvertips (33-17-3) while Carter Hart kicked out 29 shots for the victory.
Kyle Topping and Carsen Twarynski supplied the goals for Kelowna (32-15-4). Brodan Salmond made 24 saves in defeat.
—
AMERICANS 6 WINTERHAWKS 3
KENNEWICK, Wash. — Riley Sawchuk scored twice and Patrick Dea made 39 saves as Tri-City doubled up Portland.
Morgan Geekie, Jordan Topping, Sasha Mutala and Isaac Johnson also scored for the Americans (27-16-7), who are 5-0-2 in their last seven games.
Reece Newkirk had a pair of goals while Skyler McKenzie also scored for the Winterhawks (30-18-4). Cole Kehler made 23 saves in defeat.
—
ROYALS 4 TIGERS 3 (OT)
VICTORIA — Noah Gregor scored 51 seconds into overtime to lift the Royals over Medicine Hat.
Tyler Soy had a goal and two assists while Matthew Phillips and Kade Jensen also scored for Victoria (31-18-4). Dean McNabb made 27 saves for the win.
James Hamblin led the Tigers (26-21-7) with two goals and Kristians Rubins had the other. Jordan Hollett turned aside 25 shots in a losing cause.
—
GIANTS 4 HITMEN 2
LANGLEY, B.C. — Bowen Byram and Ty Ronning both scored twice as Vancouver handed Calgary its fourth loss in a row.
Brayden Watts had three assists while Trent Miner kicked out 31 shots for the Giants (27-16-8).
Luke Coleman and Tristen Nielsen scored for the Hitmen (15-30-6). Nick Schneider turned away 36 shots in defeat.
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
President Donald Trump on Monday authorized members of his administration to determine whether to investigate if China has been stealing American intellectual property.
“As president, it's my duty and responsibility to protect the American workers' technology and industry from unfair and abusive actions,” Trump said while signing the executive action at the White House. “We will stand up to any country that unlawfully forces America companies to transfer their valuable technology as a condition of market access.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Signs Memo to Probe China's Trade Practices 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Throughout his campaign, Trump talked critically about the U.S. trading partnership with China. But the relationship between the two countries is particularly delicate right now as Washington continues to call on China to do more to thwart the nuclear threat from North Korea.
Senior administration officials denied that the move had anything to do with U.S. attempts to persuade China to do more about North Korea.
"They are unrelated. Trade is trade. National security is national security," a White House official told reporters on Saturday.
The order directs U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to consider whether an investigation into China's intellectual property policies is warranted. A recently updated report from the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property found China to be world's worst intellectual property infringer.
The White House said the process could take up to a year and would not say speculate about whether the U.S. would take a retaliatory action.
Some of Trump's opponents on Capitol Hill called the announcement a good first step. But others, like Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, said announcing a possible investigation is simply stalling the process.
“President Trump's pattern continues: Tough talk on China, but weaker action than anyone could ever imagine,” he said in a statement.
“While today's announcement could eventually lead to aggressive action against China, I am concerned it will lead to only another investigation and report,” Rep. Bill Pascrell, a New Jersey Democrat and ranking member on the House subcommittee on trade, said in a statement.
The tone of his relationship with Macron himself shifted, too, from a headline-grabbing white-knuckle handshake between the two men early in their tenures to frequent phone conversations to this week's official state visit by Macron and his wife, Brigitte — the first of Trump's administration.
Macron and his wife arrived at Andrews Air Force Base on Monday afternoon, and before heading to the White House.
The White House will host a dinner Tuesday night in the State Dining Room, at which about 150 guests are expected to attend. The event, entirely planned by first lady Melania Trump, will be a much smaller, more "intimate" affair than an Obama-era event.
The dinner, described as American cuisine with French influence, will be served on Clinton-era and George W. Bush-era china.
In a break with tradition, no congressional Democrats were invited, although some Democratic mayors and governors are expected. Speaker Paul Ryan is among only four congressional Republicans to receive an invite. There are expected to be few, if any, celebrities in attendance.
First lady Melania Trump, President Donald Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron visit Mount Vernon, Virginia, on Monday. Ludovic Marin / AFP - Getty Images
On Monday night, the first couple took the Macrons to Mount Vernon, home to America's first president, George Washington — a highly symbolic destination for French-American relations. The key to Bastille, given to Washington by Marquis de Lafayette, a French military officer who fought in the American Revolutionary War, remains on display at Mount Vernon.
Macron, himself new to office last year, launched an aggressive charm offensive on Trump at a time when most European leaders were bewildered by his boisterous rhetoric and nationalist policies.
But the French leader, who is the same age as Trump's eldest son, quickly learned that the new American president responds well to tough love.
When Trump opted to pull out of the Paris climate accord, Macron delivered an address to the American people in English inviting scientists and entrepreneurs to conduct their research in France. "I do know how your new president now has decided to jeopardize your budget, your initiatives, and he is extremely skeptical about climate change," he said.
Macron arrives in Washington with several pressing issues at stake. He wants to persuade Trump to exempt European nations from steel tariffs that are part of the Trump's push to reduce chronic trade deficits with countries around the world — a decision that sent shockwaves across Europe.
As France's former economy minister, Macron is a globalist who touts the benefits of multilateral free trade agreements and he is a staunch supporter of a strong European Union.
The U.S. is the top destination for French foreign investment — some $19.3 billion in 2016. The U.S. is the largest foreign investor in France, where it invested some $78 billion that same year.
Beyond trade, counterterrorism and national security issues will likely dominate discussions.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
Charlotte Hornets' Kemba Walker, left, goes up for a shot against Philadelphia 76ers' Joel Embiid during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Philadelphia. Philadelphia won 108-94. Matt Slocum AP
In honor of the rowdy scene surrounding the 16th hole at TPC Scottsdale, Cut Line offers a lively take on Tiger Woods' return, slow play and the realities of trying to become a mainstream sport.
Made Cut
Something new. If you're part of the segment of the golf world that has dug in against the raucousness of TPC Scottsdale's 16th hole, you may be missing the big picture.
To be sure, No. 16 at this week's Waste Management Phoenix Open is an acquired taste, and players are quick to point out that a steady diet of the 16th hole's shenanigans would get old real quick, but the push back is another example of golf refusing to embrace something new.
“I may be somewhat of a fan-favorite, but they weren't holding back,” Rickie Fowler said this week. “I was a little disappointed with some of the stuff that was said, and I don't want much negativity. The normal boos for missing a green, that's fine, but leave the heckling to a minimum and make it fun, support the guys out playing.”
Fowler's point is valid - golf has always demanded a degree of decorum - but that ignores the realities in other sports and the game's desire to broaden its appeal.
Mainstream sports, which is what golf aspires to be, are not always warm and fuzzy and can be, on occasion, downright unsavory.
Pro-(and no con) am. The PGA Tour embarked on a new experiment this week at TPC Scottsdale, giving players an option to play just nine holes of Wednesday's pro-am.
For players, the time commitment of the pro-am can be a drain and the new policy has targeted seven events where the format will be used this season.
“There's no other sport where you have to do a six- or seven-hour requirement the day before a competition,” Kevin Streelman told Cut Line. “LeBron [James] doesn't have to do a seven-hour dinner the night before his basketball games.”
The new plan allows players to just go nine with the amateurs before being replaced by another professional for the closing loop; or they can play all 18 holes if they choose. It also allows amateurs, who pay handsomely to play the pro-am, to mix it up with two Tour types for the price of one.
It's a rare win-win for the game and another sign the circuit is beginning to embrace new ideas.
Made Cut-Did Not Finish (MDF)
The Return. Tiger Woods' first official event on the Tour in a year wasn't perfect. He hit just nine fairways over his last 54 holes and, if not for a vintage short game, he would not have seen the weekend at Torrey Pines.
Still, Woods' return following fusion surgery on his lower back last April should be applauded as a positive step forward after so many steps back in recent years.
Where Woods' tie for 23rd at last week's Farmers Insurance Open goes off the rails is the predictable reaction from some that he's ready to return to greatness. On this, Woods should be considered the most reasonable voice in the room.
“After not playing for a couple years and coming out here on the Tour, playing, you know, a solid four days, I fought hard for these scores,” Woods said. “They weren't like drive down the middle, hit it on the green, two putts, one of those yawners. This was a lot of fight.”
Maybe this wasn't exactly what some fans and observers were hoping for, but based on his play at Torrey Pines Woods' take provides a degree of more realistic expectations for the foreseeable future.
Missed Cut
Denial. It took just a little over four minutes for J.B. Holmes to become the face of slow play on Tour. That's the amount of time Holmes needed to play his second shot on the 72nd hole last week at Torrey Pines.
Slow play is problem, not just on Tour but throughout golf, and taking over four minutes to play a shot from the fairway, without a ruling or penalty stroke should not be the norm; but this isn't a J.B. Holmes problem. It's a Tour problem.
“As it relates to J.B. . . . He was in the heat of the moment,” commissioner Jay Monahan said this week. “It's really hard to win out here. You're trying to think through how you can get on the green in two with that amount of wind. I think he thought it would subside quickly, and it subsided and picked back up, and I think he said what he needed to say.”
It's unfortunate the commissioner didn't say what many want to hear. Rounds that drifted nearly six hours on Sunday at Torrey Pines are bad for the game, bad for the Tour, and until the circuit admits there's a problem, it's only going to get worse.
Tweet of the week:
Last group was over a hole behind, we can all blame JB...and yes the player should take responsibility for their pace of play, but if they don't that's why we have Tour officials - they needed to step in a while ago IMO. — Luke Donald (@LukeDonald) January 28, 2018
Some players, most notably Justin Thomas, came to Holmes' defense this week, and to be fair Holmes didn't violate the Tour's pace of play policy. As Donald correctly points out, that's a problem with the policy, not the player.
WASHINGTON — At roughly the same time President Donald Trump was laying out his administration's North Korea policy in Tuesday's State of the Union address, South Korean and U.S. officials in Seoul were waking up to the news that the administration's long-awaited choice for ambassador, Victor Cha, had withdrawn himself from consideration.
One top U.S. official said embassy staff learned through news reports that their embassy would remain without a top envoy, raising concern that the critical strategic post will remain empty for the foreseeable future.
Now, as the U.S. and its allies look to ramp up pressure against Pyongyang while avoiding military conflict, the prolonged — and now indefinite — vacancy of the job of ambassador to Seoul is raising concern that any hope for a diplomatic solution to the standoff with North Korea is diminishing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump calls North Korea's 'reckless pursuit of nuclear missiles' a possible threat to U.S. 1:02 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A senior administration official confirmed to NBC News that Cha withdrew from consideration after disagreeing with the administration about its approach to the North Korean crisis. A second senior administration official and a third person close to the decision tells NBC News that South Korea's government had been informed that Cha was to be nominated as ambassador and he had received his clearances — but then some of his policy positions upset the White House.
A senior White House official confirmed that Cha had withdrawn from consideration and wished him well, but said the policy disagreements have been mischaracterized in the media. The official did not elaborate.
Cha, a professor at Georgetown University, penned an editorial for The Washington Post, which first reported that he had withdrawn from consideration. In it, he said that with regard to confronting North Korea, "the answer is not, as some Trump administration officials have suggested, a preventive military strike."
"To be clear," Cha continued, "(t)he president would be putting at risk an American population the size of a medium-size U.S. city — Pittsburgh, say, or Cincinnati — on the assumption that a crazy and undeterrable dictator will be rationally cowed by a demonstration of U.S. kinetic power."
Cha did not respond to a request for comment.
The United States has withdrawn Cha from consideration for ambassador to South Korea, a U.S. official said. YONHAP / EPA
Viewed as a pre-eminent expert by professionals in both parties, Cha previously served in former President George W. Bush's national security council. His withdrawal as the ambassadorial nominee to Seoul was dropped just days before South Korea hosts the Winter Olympics.
The State Department said Wednesday that it is confident South Korea will host the Olympics without incident and that Cha's withdrawal has no impact on the event.
"South Korea understands we have not yet nominated, that the White House has not yet nominated an ambassador, that the White House will do so when it has a candidate that they are willing — that they are able to put forward," said Steve Goldstein, undersecretary of state for public diplomacy and public affairs. "The fact that we do not have an ambassador in place has not impacted the security planning for the Olympic games on behalf of the United States and for South Korea."
And while the U.S. embassy in Seoul is operating business as usual, the appointment of an ambassador is symbolically important, particularly amid increasing tensions between Washington and Seoul. South Korea's liberal President Moon Jae-in has repeatedly advocated for engaging with North Korea directly, while the White House has pushed back on the idea, saying that Pyongyang needs to make a compelling effort to dismantle its nuclear program before direct diplomatic efforts can resume.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed North Korea: Nuclear program is not up for negotiation 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Following talks between North and South Korea, Pyongyang agreed to send 22 athletes to the Winter Games, which begin on Feb. 8, as well as a music and dance troupe. But the plans are fragile, as is evident from North Korea's decision this week to cancel a joint cultural event with South Korea, blaming "insulting" media coverage by the South Korean press.
Last week, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that efforts to deter North Korea's nuclear advancements had reached "a very tenuous stage."
"We have to recognize that that threat is growing and if North Korea does not choose the pathway of engagement, of discussion, negotiations, then they themselves will trigger an option," Tillerson said, shortly before North Korea resumed talks with Seoul on joining next month's Olympic Games.
Tillerson called on Pyongyang to agree to talks on dismantling its nuclear program.
"The North Koreans know our channels are open and they know where to find us," he said, adding, "It's time to talk, but they have to take the step that says they want to talk."
While the administration says there are several potential candidates to take Cha's place, his withdrawal underscores growing concerns about the potential for a diplomatic vacuum, not only in Seoul but in strategic posts around the world.
To date, four of the six undersecretary of state positions remain unfilled and one is held by an Obama-era holdover. There have been nominations submitted to Congress to fill two of the four vacant positions.
Ambassador posts in critical locations like Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Cairo; Doha, Qatar; Amman, Jordan and the European Union also remain vacant.
This unconventional foreign policy structure — often dictated by the president's public statements and tweets — has resulted in a withering State Department, crippled by budget cuts and staffing delays that have muddled the once-clear diplomatic channels to Washington, according to U.S. and foreign diplomats.
Trump himself made no mention of "Little Rocket Man" — his nickname for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un — or "fire and fury" when he spoke about the North in his State of the Union address Tuesday, instead adopting a relatively subdued approach.
He sought to highlight the human cost of North Korea's aggression, inviting as his guests Tuesday the parents of Otto Warmbier, the American student who died days after being released from captivity in North Korea, and Ji Seong-ho, a North Korean defector who works from Seoul to rescue other defector.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Otto Warmbier's parents receive standing ovation at State of the Union 2:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And he accused Kim and his regime of a "reckless pursuit of nuclear missiles" that pose a threat to American security.
"Past experience has taught us that complacency and concessions only invite aggression and provocation," said Trump. "I will not repeat the mistakes of past administrations that got us into this dangerous position."
The president "has served, for better or worse, as his own ambassador to Seoul," said Gordon Chang, author of "Nuclear Showdown: North Korea Takes on the World." "Any ambassador is going to be held hostage to policies that are probably very political" in nature.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
0:31 Postpartum depression: You are not alone
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photos urge support for those who struggle
3:40 Proper exercise for competitive gamers
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
By CLIFF BRUNTAP Sports Writer
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - The Thunder's new Big Three looked ready to do big things in their first action together.
Fans got their first chance to see reigning MVP Russell Westbrook and All-Stars Paul George and Carmelo Anthony play together since the Thunder acquired George and Anthony in trades. They were dominant in Oklahoma City's 102-91 win over New Orleans on Friday night.
Westbrook played for the first time this preseason after getting a platelet rich plasma injection in his knee. He missed the team's Blue-White scrimmage and the preseason opener against Houston in Tulsa on Monday. He finished with nine points, four assists and one rebound in 9:58 before coming out for good late in the first quarter. Westbrook has said that he is fine and the injection is something he does each year, but he did it later than usual this year because he spent a lot of time at home focusing on his newborn son.
Now that Westbrook is back to basketball, Thunder coach Billy Donovan can start figuring out how to blend the stars' skill sets.
"That's the thing with Coach," George said. "He sat down with myself, sat down with Russ, Carmelo and he wants us to be ourselves. He wants us to bring what makes us so special. Just do it within the confinements of this team. That's what's going to make the game easier for everybody."
George scored 25 points in just over 27 minutes and Anthony added nine points and six rebounds.
George said he's still adjusting to Westbrook's speed, mentally and physically.
"We joke about it - how to run a fastbreak, because he is just so fast," George said. "About the time you catch it, your feet is all messed up trying to catch up to him. It's going to be an adjustment, but again, you got a guy to put that much pressure on defense, you know it's going to make the game so much easier for me. So my job is the easy part. It's just to finish those plays for him."
Anthony Davis led the Pelicans with 14 points and seven rebounds. DeMarcus Cousins scored 13 points and Ian Clark and Jrue Holiday each scored 11.
WIZARDS 104, KNICKS 100
John Wall scored 19 points, knocking down 9 of 14 shots in just under 24 minutes in Washington's preseason home win. Kelly Oubre scored 14 points and Bradley Beal added 13 for the Wizards.
Enes Kanter, a center New York acquired in the deal that sent Carmelo Anthony to Oklahoma City, led the Knicks with 16 points. He made 6 of 11 shots.
WASHINGTON: The Wizards shot 47 percent as Beal and Wall combined to make 15 of 25 shots.
NEW YORK: Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 15 points, Courtney Lee scored 12 and Jarrett Jack added 11. ... Joakim Noah played just 12 minutes as a reserve. ... The Knicks outrebounded the Wizards 46-36.
UP NEXT: The Wizards (2-0) host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday. The Knicks (0-2) host the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday.
CELTICS 110, 76ERS 102
Kyrie Irving scored 21 points on 7-of-14 shooting as Boston won at Philadelphia. Irving also had three assists in just under 25 minutes. Terry Rozier scored 13 points and Aron Baynes added 12 for the Celtics.
Jerryd Bayless scored 15 points and J.J. Redick added 12 for the 76ers.
BOSTON: New addition Gordon Hayward scored nine points on 4-for-9 shooting. ... Al Horford scored just seven points, but he had nine rebounds and two blocks in 19 minutes. ... Marcus Smart scored 11 points on 4-for-6 shooting.
PHILADELPHIA: Ben Simmons did a little of everything. He finished with eight points, five assists and three rebounds in just under 23 minutes. ... Rookie Markelle Fultz did not play because of shoulder soreness, and Joel Embiid sat out with a right knee injury.
UP NEXT: The 76ers (0-2) and the Celtics (2-0) square off again Monday in Boston.
PACERS 106, CAVALIERS 102
TJ Leaf scored 18 points, Domantas Sabonis added 17 and Indiana won at Cleveland as LeBron James missed his second straight preseason game. James hurt his ankle last week, but has been practicing. Dwyane Wade led Cleveland with 20 points and Jae Crowder added 17.
INDIANA: Victor Oladipo, who was acquired in the deal that sent Paul George to Oklahoma City, scored 14 points on 6-for-12 shooting and had five assists.
CLEVELAND: Derrick Rose scored 15 points and Kevin Love added nine points, seven rebounds and five assists.
UP NEXT: The Pacers (2-0) play at Detroit on Monday. The Cavaliers (0-2) play at Washington on Sunday.
PISTONS 109, HAWKS 87
Avery Bradley scored 18 points, Tobias Harris added 17 and Detroit beat Atlanta in a home preseason game. Henry Ellenson added 16 points for the Pistons.
Malcolm Delaney scored 15 points and Taurean Prince and John Collins each added 10 for the Hawks.
DETROIT: The Pistons shot 48.9 percent from the field. ... Ish Smith scored 15 points, Anthony Tolliver scored 13 and Stanley Johnson added 10.
ALTANTA: The Hawks shot just 36.5 percent and were outrebounded 57-37. ... Only three players reached double figures.
UP NEXT: The Pistons (1-1) will host the Indiana Pacers on Monday. The Hawks (1-2) will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday.
BULLS 114, BUCKS 101
Justin Holiday scored 21 points and Denzel Valentine, Nikola Mirotic and Bobby Portis each added 15 to help Chicago win a preseason home game. Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 24 points and Khris Middleton added 14 for Milwaukee.
CHICAGO: The Bulls bounced back from a 118-71 loss to Dallas on Wednesday. ... Chicago got 12 points from Robin Lopez and 11 from Kris Dunn. ... The Bulls shot 51.8 percent from the field and made 17 of 34 3-pointers. ... Portis had 10 rebounds and Mirotic had seven.
MILWAUKEE: Antetokounmpo was his usual dominant self. He made 7 of 10 field goals and 9 of 13 free throws. ... Greg Monroe scored 10 points. ... The Bucks made just 9 of 28 3-pointers and were outrebounded 42-36.
UP NEXT: The Bulls (2-1) host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday. The Bucks (0-3) host the Detroit Pistons on Friday.
SPURS 113, KINGS 93
Danny Green scored 18 points and Patty Mills added 15 to help San Antonio beat Sacramento at home. The Spurs shot 54.9 percent from the field and made 15 of 31 3-pointers.
Willie Cauley-Stein scored 14 points and Skal Labissiere added 13 for the Kings.
SAN ANTONIO: Kawhi Leonard and Manu Ginobili did not play. Leonard is expected to miss the entire preseason with a lingering thigh issue. Ginobili rested. ... LaMarcus Aldridge scored 10 points. ... Pau Gasol had seven points, seven rebounds and five assists. ... Derrick White had a plus 35 plus/minus score in 20:43.
SACRAMENTO: Buddy Hield and De'Aaron Fox each scored 12 points and Georgios Papagiannis added 10. ... Zach Randolph, George Hill, Vince Carter and Kosta Koufos rested.
UP NEXT: The Spurs (1-1) will host the Denver Nuggets on Sunday. The Kings (1-1) will play the Los Angeles Lakers in Las Vegas on Sunday.
JAZZ 112, SUNS 101
Rodney Hood and Alec Burks scored 19 points to help Utah beat Phoenix at home. Derrick Favors and Joel Bolomboy each scored 12 points for the Jazz and Rudy Gobert added nine points and 12 rebounds.
Alex Len and Troy Daniels each scored 18 points for the Suns.
UTAH: Ricky Rubio and Joe Johnson each scored 11 points. ... The Jazz outrebounded the Suns 53-39.
PHOENIX: Tyler Ulis had 14 points and six assists, Josh Jackson scored 11 points and Marquese Chriss and Devin Booker added 10. ... The Suns made 13 of 27 3-pointers. ... Jackson had eight rebounds.
UP NEXT: The Jazz (3-0) play at the Suns (1-1) on Monday.
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. — Multiple vehicles have collided in dense fog on Interstate 15 in Cajon (kuh-HOHN') Pass about 60 miles (97 kilometres) east of Los Angeles and initial reports say at least 17 people have been hurt.
California Department of Transportation district spokeswoman Terri Kasinga says the number of vehicles in the pileup late Wednesday morning is unknown but may involve as many as 20.
The San Bernardino County Fire Department tweets that two patients were transported immediately and 15 others had minor injuries. Numerous drivers and vehicle occupants declined treatment.
The pass runs between the San Bernardino and San Gabriel Mountains and rises to an elevation of nearly 3,800 feet (1,158 metres).
Southern California is experiencing a deep intrusion of marine air that has brought low clouds, fog and rain.
If you fired up Pokémon Go yesterday just to find that you weren't able to connect, there's one potentially good reason behind it. It appears that Google recently updated how their SafetyNet detections work, and the new changes are able to pick up some previous root-hiding methods. If you are using Magisk, the current workaround is to set it to operate in "core only" mode via settings in Magisk Manager.
Magisk developer topjohnwu issued a statement on the subject earlier today, in which he waxed for a bit on the perpetual cat-and-mouse game of hiding from SafetyNet checks. He stated that he has found a workaround for the new detection policy, but to wait for the next beta. It appears that the most likely method for detection now is app based. Rather than checking if su is present when it shouldn't be or if it can be invoked, it appears that Google might just be checking to see if a root manager application is installed.
It's such a simple check that it's difficult to prevent since any app can call up a list of apps on the device, and technically it doesn't even check if a device has been modified or tampered with since a root manager can be present without having root. He could easily fix that by simply tweaking the name of his application, but that's not an ideal fix, as detection could just as easily change the name it looks for.
Chainfire's suhide seems to be able to escape package name detection for the time being, as it uses another method to work, though the downloads page for suhide says it isn't currently working. So in the meantime, if you've been hiding root, right now you'll have to move Magisk over into core only mode for the time being if you still want to pass SafetyNet checks. We've reached out to topjohnwu for more information about a future workaround for the SafetyNet changes, or a release schedule for any fixes, and we will add any relevant information to this post when we get it.
In Partnership with New Jersey CRDA, New Event to Showcase Open & Women's Divisions Airing Live from Atlantic City Country Club
Will Hogue Vying for Third Consecutive Victory in 2018 Alongside Current No. 1 Justin James; Women's Division Led by 2018 Winners Alexis Belton, Phillis Meti, Along with Five-Time World Champion Sandra Carlborg
VIDEO: Will Hogue Captures First Two Televised WLDA Events in 2018
The World Long Drive Association (WLDA) season continues next week with the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash. The inaugural event – in partnership with the New Jersey Casino Reinvestment Development Authority (CRDA) – will mark the third WLDA competition in six weeks showcased live on Golf Channel, with coverage airing from 6-8 p.m. ET on Tuesday, June 5 from Atlantic City Country Club.
The eventwill feature a 36-man field competing in the Open Division based on World Long Drive rankings, led by current No. 1 competitor in the world, Justin James (Jacksonville, Fla.) and Will Hogue (Memphis, Tenn.), who will be vying for his third consecutive victory following wins earlier this year at the Clash in the Canyon and Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun. The Women's Division includes 2018 winners-to-date Alexis Belton (Ruston, La., Clash in the Canyon) and Phillis Meti (Auckland, New Zealand, Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun) courtesy of her 380-yard blast in the final, along with five-time (and defending) world champion Sandra Carlborg (Alingsas, Sweden).
“We've reached the critical point of the season, and right now Will Hogue is on fire,” said Jonathan Coachman, play-by-play host for World Long Drive Association events on Golf Channel. “With how stiff the competition is, to have a chance to win a third straight event shows how in control of his golf swing he is to generate so much power. He has to be the favorite in Atlantic City.”
COVERAGE: Live coverage of the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash will air on Golf Channel from 6-8 p.m. ET on Tuesday, June 5, with Golf Centralpreviewing the event from 5:30-6 p.m. ET. Encore showings of the competition are scheduled to air on Golf Channel immediately following the live telecast, from 8-10 p.m. and 10 p.m.-Midnight ET.
The production centering around live coverage of the competition will utilize six dedicated cameras, capturing all angles from the hitting platform and the landing grid, including a SuperMo camera as well as two craned-positioned cameras that will track the ball in flight once it leaves the competitor's clubface. New to 2018 is an overlaid graphic line on the grid, the “DXL Big Drive to Beat,” (similar to the “1st & 10 line” made popular in football) displaying the longest drive during a given match to signify the driving distance an opposing competitor will need to surpass to take the lead. The telecast also will feature a custom graphics package suited to the anomalous swing data typically generated by Long Drive competitors, tracking club speed, ball speed and apex in real-time via Trackman. Trackman technology also will provide viewers with a sense of ball flight, tracing the arc of each drive from the moment of impact.
Morning Drive and Golf Central also will prepare viewers for the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash through interviews and dedicated segments featuring competitors on-site in New Jersey.
OPEN DIVISION FIELD (in order of World Long Drive ranking): Justin James, Ryan Reisbeck, Will Hogue, Maurice Allen, Tim Burke, Trent Scruggs, Paul Howell, Ryan Steenberg, Mitch Grassing, Landon Gentry, Glenn Wilson Jr., Nick Kiefer, Kyle Berkshire, Justin Moose, Tommy Hug, Kevin Shook, Jason Eslinger, Steve Monroe, Eddie Fernandes, Jeremy Easterly, Dan McIntosh, Brady Torbitt, Jeff Gavin, Scott Kalamar, Spencer McDaniel, Jim Waldron, Stephen Kois, Josh Cassaday, Patrick Hopper, Jeff Flagg, Jeff Crittenden, Mitch Dobbyn, Mark Costello, Bryan Kelly, Wes Patterson and Ben Tuaone.
WOMEN'S DIVISION FIELD: Hollie Bartsch, Alexis Belton, Monica Borowicz, Sandra Carlborg, Mary Driscol, Chloe Garner, Erin Hess, Michelle Kinney, Ashley Lewis, Phillis Meti, Troy Mullins, Debbie Peever, Alex Phillips, Cory Ann Pond and Angela Zimmerman.
FORMAT: The Open Division preliminary rounds will consist of 36 men broken into four “pods” of nine competitors across four three-minute sets of eight balls each, with a points system being used to identify four from each pod advancing to the Round of 16. From there, five sets of eight balls will determine the eight competitors advancing to take part in the single elimination match play bracket during the live telecast on Golf Channel. The Women's Division will feature 16 competitors broken into two groups of eight taking part in four sets of eight balls. The top four point-earners from each pod will advance to the single-elimination match play competition beginning with the quarterfinals, with the winners moving on to the semifinals which will play out on Tuesday night's telecast.
BROADCAST TEAM: A new voice to World Long Drive, veteran sports broadcaster Jonathan Coachman will conduct play-by-play at each of the five WLDA televised events on Golf Channel in 2018.Art Sellinger – World Long Drive pioneer and two-time World champion (1986, '91) – will provide analysis, and Golf Channel's Jerry Foltz will offer reports from the teeing platform and conduct interviews with competitors in the field.
DIGITAL & SOCIAL MEDIA COVERAGE: Fans can stay up-to-date on all of the action surrounding the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash by following @GolfChannel and @WorldLongDrive on social media. Golf Channel social media host Alexandra O'Laughlin will be on-site contributing to the social conversation as the event unfolds, and, the telecast will integrate social media-generated content during live coverage on Tuesday, June 5 using the hashtag, #WorldLongDrive.
In addition to the latest video and highlights from on-site, WorldLongDrive.com will feature real-time scoring for the duration of the event, June 4-5. Golf Channel Digital also will feature content from the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash leading up to and immediately following the live telecast.
2018 WORLD LONG DRIVE ASSOCIATION SCHEDULE:
DATE EVENT LOCATION WINNER(S) / DEFENDING CHAMP March 15-17 East Coast Classic West Columbia, S.C. Justin Moose April 21-24 Clash in the Canyon (*Golf Channel*) Mesquite, Nev. Alexis Belton, Will Hogue May 11-15 Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun (*Golf Channel*) Maricopa, Ariz. Phillis Meti, Will Hogue June 4-5 Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash (*Golf Channel*) Atlantic City, N.J. (New Event) June 21-23 Bluff City Shootout Memphis, Tenn. Justin James July 6-8 Bash For Cash Port Rowan, Ont., Canada Justin James August 2-4 WinStar Midwest Slam Thackerville, Okla. Landon Gentry August 12-13 Tennessee Big Shots benefitting Niswonger Children's Hospital (*Golf Channel*) Kingsport, Tenn. (New Event) September 1-5 Volvik World Long Drive Championship (*Golf Channel*) Thackerville, Okla. Sandra Carlborg, Justin James
Showcasing the truly global nature of World Long Drive, several events will be staged in 2018 through officially sanctioned WLDA international partners, including stops in Germany, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa and the United Kingdom. Additionally, an all-encompassing international qualifier will be staged (late summer) featuring a minimum of four exemptions into the Open Division of the Volvik World Long Drive Championship in September.
A Major season that began with the Masters favourite falling down stairs ended with one of the game's best young players capturing the PGA Championship, a reminder of the ephemeral nature of the most unpredictable of sports.
Dustin Johnson was the focus of the golf world on the eve of the Masters, coming off three successive victories, having ascended to the world number one ranking and for a few months an unstoppable juggernaut.
Four months later, Johnson is almost a peripheral figure and Justin Thomas is the talk of the town, though the latter barely figured in discussions on the eve of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow which finished on Sunday.
Instead, the media was obsessed with Jordan Spieth's quest to surpass Tiger Woods as the youngest man to complete the career grand slam, while Rory McIlroy was the pre-tournament favourite, at least in the eyes of those who like to place money on the outcome.
But Spieth was never a factor at Quail Hollow, while McIlroy ended the week saying he might take an extended break in an effort to deal with pain in his back and left arm.
How do you make sense of it all? It's golf, a sport where almost every major offers a different cast of lead characters, and nobody takes the starring role more than occasionally.
"We won one of the Majors," said British Open champion Spieth, the 'we' referring to himself and his caddie.
"I understand that's a great year in the Majors. If I did this every year, I would go down as the greatest player ever to have played the game.
"Winning them is so difficult you can have a fantastic year without winning a major. Look at what Tiger (Woods) did in 2013. He won five events, including a Players Championship (but did not win a Major)."
Masters champion Sergio Garcia does not need to be told how difficult it is to win a major. The former teenage phenomenon was 0 for 73 until he beat Justin Rose in a playoff at Augusta.
"I did think about am I ever going to win one?" Garcia said after putting on the prized green jacket.
"I've had so many good chances and either I lost them or someone has done something extraordinary to beat me. So it did cross my mind."
Brooks Koepka blew away the field in the final round to win the US Open at Erin Hills, while Spieth produced an astonishing finish - five-under over a four-hole stretch - to edge Matt Kuchar at the British Open.
The PGA Championship, which plodded along laboriously for three days, suddenly came to life on the back nine on Sunday, with five tied for the lead at one stage before 24-year-old Thomas emerged triumphant.
Golf fans must now wait eight long months for the next Major, during which time the spotlight will turn again to Northern Irishman McIlroy and his quest to become the sixth man to complete the modern grand slam.
So who will be the next player to join the Major champions club - Hideki Matsuyama? Rickie Fowler? Jon Rahm?
Maybe it will be one of that trio, but it just as likely to be someone barely on the radar right now. That's golf.
Happy 4th!
Today is looking to be an overall pleasant day for the holiday. It's going to be mostly cloudy and there is a risk for storms but it won't be a complete washout! These will stay mostly north and west.
This morning we started out with temperatures in the mid 70s and by this afternoon we are going to hit near 90s. The heat wave may be broken but the feel of it won't. Even though it's going to be slightly below 90, it is still going to feel like it with a heat index of 95+.
So even if you see some rain, temperatures will still be great. I wouldn't rule out a barbecue. As for tomorrow: it's looking to be a great summer day.
Go out and enjoy!
Elsewhere in the eastern part of the United States, where at least one death was blamed on a nearly weeklong heat wave, 98 million people were under heat advisories or warnings, NBC meteorologist Dylan Dreyer reported.
And while the heat was expected to subside in the East by the weekend, it was expected to cause only more trouble as it headed west — where multiple wildfires have caused thousands to flee.
In eastern Utah, hundreds of residents had evacuated as of Wednesday morning and about 30 homes had been lost to the Dollar Ridge fire, an out-of-control wildfire that had reached 40,469 acres, according to NBC affiliate KSL of Salt Lake City.
The Dollar Ridge fire is the largest of several fires burning across the state. On Tuesday, Gov. Gary Herbert warned residents on Twitter not to light any fireworks on federal, state or unincorporated land because of "extreme fire danger" in the state.
Meanwhile, in Colorado, the Colorado Springs fire grew on Wednesday to 94,125 acres and was only 5 percent contained, according to NBC affiliate KUSA of Denver. It destroyed 104 homes, making it one of the most destructive fires in state history.
In total, nearly 60 active fires are burning across the West, according to the National Interagency Fire Center, including nine in New Mexico and six in California.
At least 44 fireworks shows were canceled across Colorado amid the risk of more fire, KUSA said.
And nearly everywhere, July 4th celebrants braved the heat.
On New York's Coney Island, reigning champ Joey Chestnut handily won the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest by downing 74 frankfurters in 83-degree temperatures that felt like 91 degrees, according to the National Weather Service.
Joey Chestnut wins the annual Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest, setting a new world record by eating 74 hot dogs in Brooklyn, New York City, U.S., July 4, 2018. Stephen Yang / Reuters
In Washington, D.C., where Wednesday's highs were forecast to be in the low 90s with a heat index around 100, free performances and a fireworks show on the National Mall were going on as planned.
President Donald Trump wished America a happy birthday in a tweet that read, "Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!" He later tweeted a video message in which he praised the country's founding fathers, who "forever changed the course of human history."
Security was tight across the country for the holiday.
In Chicago, 1,500 additional police officers were dispatched ahead of the holiday weekend in hope of preventing violence. In Pittsburgh, officers were doing bag checks at Point State Park, where thousands were expected for fireworks and other festivities. In New York, home to the biggest fireworks celebration in the country, police divers were sent into the East River to ensure that there had been no sabotage to the fireworks barges.
In New Carlisle, Ohio, July 4th revelers had a special reason to celebrate: On Saturday, the cash-strapped city will hold a Fourth of July fireworks show for the first time in more than a decade, made possible in part by the newly elected City Council, which allocated $10,000 for it, the Springfield News-Sun reported.
Celebrations turned tragic in Illinois on Tuesday night when two people were killed and several others were injured after a branch fell on spectators during a fireworks show.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday that Daniel Mendoza Sr., 61, of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Lawrence R. Anderson, 72, of Moline died at a hospital.
NEW YORK — Former “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon says on Twitter that she is running for governor in New York.
More to come.
Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles played most of the season with two shoulder separations and wrist tendonitis, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter.
No surgery is planned for the offseason. Bortles says that he suffered a Grade 1 sprain to his AC joint against the Titans on Oct. 27 and then aggravated the injury against the Lions about a month later.
“As a competitor, I think you would want to say no [it didn't affect his play], but I think as somebody that's realistic, and I know my body and know how I can throw a football, I think it would be stupid to say that there weren't throws that were affected by the wrist or by the shoulder,” Bortles told ESPN. “I think that's part of playing with injuries. Things are going to happen, they're going to affect you differently, you're going to have to find ways to use other parts of your body to compensate and still deliver efficiently. There were times where I didn't do that.”
The Jaguars reportedly remain committed to Bortles as the franchise's quarterback for the future.
Bortles finished his third season with 3,905 passing yards, 23 touchdowns and 16 interceptions for the 3–13 Jaguars. He tossed for 626 yards and two touchdowns without lobbing any interceptions in the final two games of the season.
This article originally appeared on
A Drayton Valley man is charged with several serious offenses after police allege he abandoned a child in the cold in Calmar last Friday.
According to Leduc RCMP member Cpl. Sigmund Janke stated 33 year old Aaron Blake Wilkinson has been charged with impaired driving and other crimes allegedly related to an incident last Friday.
“On March 16th, 2018 shortly after 10:30 p.m. Leduc RCMP were called to a complaint of a possible impaired driver in Calmar,” stated Janke.
“A witness found the driver who appeared intoxicated, pulled over on the side of the road near a Calmar bar. The driver left his unheated, unlocked car, abandoning the child who was not dressed for winter travelling conditions, while he went into the bar for drinks. After being in the bar for a period of time, the driver disclosed that he had a child with him. A concerned citizen went out to his car and found the two month old child alone, cold, in distress and improperly dressed for the weather. The child was cared for by some concerned citizens until police arrived and then taken via ambulance to the Leduc Hospital.
“Leduc RCMP partnered with Child and Family Services (CFS) and were able to identify the child's mother who came to the hospital. The child did not suffer any adverse effects from this incident.
“The child's father, a 33 yr old man from Drayton Valley, left the bar and drove away before police arrived. However, he was located and arrested for an outstanding warrant and a number of criminal and provincial offences.” Police allege that the suspect, when arrested, though the baby was still in his vehicle.
Aaron Blake Wilkinson has been charged with abandoning a child and causing a child to be in need of intervention, impaired operation of a motor vehicle, impaired over 80 mg per cent and breach of a recognizance. Wilkinson was released on his own recognizance to appear in Leduc Provincial Court on March 22 to answer to his charges.
Cpl. Janke said this story had a safe ending due to the help of concerned bystanders. “The quick thinking of and care provided by concerned citizens helped bring this incident to the attention of the Leduc RCMP and Leduc CFS,” stated Janke. “It is with this kind of caring and conscientious community support that the Leduc RCMP continues to promote healthy homes and healthy communities in the Leduc Detachment area.
stu.salkeld@pipestoneflyer.ca
Share
Google is getting better at helping you keep track of your favorite podcasts. Google first brought podcast support to Google Play Music in 2016, at which point users were able to search for and play podcasts straight from Search. Now, it looks like Google will be both improving podcast support from the Google app, and bringing some of that functionality to Google Assistant — meaning you'll be able to manage your podcasts using only your voice.
According to a report from Android Police, Google is rolling out improved podcast support to the Google app now. Once live, you'll find that searching for podcasts will show a new “Subscribe” button right below the name and icon of the podcast. You'll also be able to tap on the “More episodes” tab to see a list of the episodes, as well as to subscribe, and to add an icon for the podcast to your home screen.
There are even more features for podcasts in general. For example, if you tap on the podcast icon on the top left of the display, you'll see a list of all the podcasts you're subscribed to, as well as trending podcasts, and a card to continue podcasts you were listening to earlier. You can also add shortcuts to specific podcasts to your home screen, or add a shortcut to a list of all your podcasts.
What may be even cooler is how you can control these features using Google Assistant. For example, you can ask Assistant to “continue last played podcast,” meaning you don't have to go digging around within the app to find the podcast and continue playing it.
The new podcast section could still use some tweaking. For starters, we can't find a way to download podcasts just yet, a feature that could be very useful for users who don't have unlimited data plans or who often find themselves in areas with little data coverage. It would also be nice for there to be a desktop version of the feature — especially for those who use their computer to work and want to be able to listen through it instead of through their phone. Still, it is nice to see Google giving podcasts some much-need TLC — after all, Google Play Music's podcast support is a little limited.
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) arrives to board Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews outside Washington, U.S., before traveling to Palm Beach, Florida for the Good Friday holiday and Easter weekend, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
By Steve Holland
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday will sign an executive order directing federal agencies to recommend changes to a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the United States to fill high-skilled jobs.
Two senior Trump administration officials who briefed reporters at the White House said Trump will also use the "buy American and hire American" order to seek changes in government procurement practices to increase the purchase of American products in federal contracts.
Trump is to sign the order when he visits the world headquarters of Snap-On Inc, a tool manufacturer in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The order is an attempt by Trump to carry out his "America First" campaign pledges to reform U.S. immigration policies and encourage purchases of American products. As he nears the 100-day benchmark of his presidency, Trump has no major legislative achievements to tout but has used executive orders to seek regulatory changes to help the U.S. economy.
The order he will sign on Tuesday will call for "the strict enforcement of all laws governing entry into the United States of labor from abroad for the stated purpose of creating higher wages and higher employment rates for workers in the United States," one of the senior officials said.
It will call on the departments of Labor, Justice, Homeland Security and State to take action to crack down on what the official called "fraud and abuse" in the U.S. immigration system to protect American workers.
The order will call on those four federal departments to propose reforms to ensure H-1B visas are awarded to the most skilled or highest paid applicant.
H-1B visas are intended for foreign nationals in "specialty" occupations that generally require higher education, which according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) includes, but is not limited to, scientists, engineers or computer programmers. The government uses a lottery to award 65,000 visas every year and randomly distributes another 20,000 to graduate student workers.
The number of applications for H-1B visas fell to 199,000 this year from 236,000 in 2016, according U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Companies say they use visas to recruit top talent. More than 15 percent of Facebook Inc's U.S. employees in 2016 used a temporary work visa, according to a Reuters analysis of U.S. Labor Department filings.
But a majority of the visas are awarded to outsourcing firms, sparking criticism by skeptics who say those firms use the visas to fill lower-level information technology jobs. Critics also say the lottery system benefits outsourcing firms that flood the system with mass applications.
The senior official said the end result of how the system currently works is that foreign workers are often brought in at less pay to replace American workers, "violating the principle of the program."
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, Democratic Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, Republican Representative Darrell Issa of California and Democratic Representative Zoe Lofgren of California were not immediately available to comment.
Facebook, Microsoft Corp and Apple Inc were also not immediately available after normal business hours.
The order also asks federal agencies to look at how to get rid of loopholes in the government procurement process.
Specifically, the review will take into account whether waivers in free-trade agreements are leading to unfair trade by allowing foreign companies to undercut American companies in the global government procurement market.
"If it turns out America is a net loser because of those free-trade agreement waivers, which apply to almost 60 countries, these waivers may be promptly renegotiated or revoked," the second official said.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Additional reporting by Eric Beech in Washington and David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
1.
Firefighters knock down flames as they advance on homes atop Shepherd Mesa Road in Carpinteria, Calif. on Dec. 10, 2017.
A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns.
READ: New evacuations ordered as California wildfires whip across region
Mike Eliason / Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP
David Bowie and Edna Walsh's musical Lazarus is coming to the big screen. The musical–based on the book The Man Who Fell to Earth, which Bowie starred in the 1976 Nicolas Roeg film adaptation of–premiered in New York City in 2015 and came to London in 2016. Footage of the off-West End London production has been made into a theatrical version of the show, and the movie will screen at Brooklyn's Kings Theater on May 2, featuring the seven-piece backing band from the original New York show performing live. Michael C. Hall was the star of the London production. Presale is going on now, and general admission tickets go on sale tomorrow morning.
Firefighters with the South Walton Fire District battled a blaze at a home in the 900 block of Scenic Gulf Drive in Miramar Beach.
Officials received the call at about 3 a.m. yesterday and within minutes of arriving on the scene, they encountered heavy smoke and flames coming from the first floor of the occupied dwelling, officials wrote in a news release. Firefighters were able to contain the fire to the first floor and also prevent it from spreading to the adjacent homes.
A search was conducted and all fifteen occupants of the rental home were accounted for. No injuries reported as all the occupants managed to escape the home. Damages to the structure were estimated to be about $200,000. The State Fire Marshall's Office is investigating the cause of the blaze.
A proposed pedestrian and bike bridge over the U.S. 74 and I-277 interchange would have an iconic viewing platform in the center. City of Charlotte
Auburn guard Mustapha Heron scores against Vanderbilt during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Auburn, Ala. Brynn Anderson AP Photo
Mid Wales Opera are planning an evening filled with musical surprises on Saturday August 12th in the magnificent gardens of Powis Castle.
Visitors will have the chance to experience the spectacular gardens in an exclusive night-time opening as well as enjoying music and singing spread through the castle grounds thanks to Mid Wales opera.
Bring a picnic and enjoy a glass a bubbly as part of the ticket price – then discover a series of musical treats including performances by Tenor Rhodri Prys Jones and Soprano Lucy Mellors, who sang Jupiter and Semele in Mid Wales Opera's recent production of Handel's Semele in partnership with the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama, and award winning harpist Gwenllian Llyr.
Gwenllian is quickly gaining international recognition for her charismatic and engaging performances. In July 2013, she was a prize-winner at the USA International Harp Competition in Bloomington. She has also won many prizes more locally, including the First Prize of the UK Camac Harp Competition in 2010, the Nansi Richards Scholarship and Blue Ribbon at the Eisteddfod Genedlaethol in Wales in 2012.
Founded in 1988, Mid Wales Opera has established itself as one of the foremost British touring opera companies. Recipient of various national awards, including two Prudential Opera Awards for “excellence, creativity, innovation and accessibility”, Mid Wales Opera's productions have now been performed in over eighty venues in Great Britain and Ireland.
Mid Wales Opera will be back on the road in November 2017 with a brand new micro-chamber version of William Walton's classic comedy The Bear, touring to small theatres and community halls from Aberdaron to Ammanford and Criccieth to Cwmbran – find full tour details at www.midwalesopera.co.uk. The performances feature just three singers and five musicians and promise incredible opera in some very unlikely locations – well worth checking out! Their 2018 Spring tour of Tchaikovsky's lyrical masterpiece Eugene Onegin opens in Hafren, Newtown on Saturday February 24th 2018 and tours to theatres across Wales as well as to Hereford's Courtyard Theatre.
Time 7pm to 9pm. Ticket Price £12.50 in Advance and £15 on the gate
Phone 0344 249 1895 https://www.nationaltrust.org.uk/powis-castle-and-garden
Event supported by:
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone — Hundreds of people are believed to have been killed when a mudslide struck the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital on Monday, Vice President Victor Foh said.
The Red Cross put the number of bodies so far at the central morgue in the capital, Freetown, at 179.
Earlier, an official at the morgue at Connaught Hospital in Freetown said it had received 70 bodies and police and soldiers were bringing in more.
Flooded streets in Regent near Freetown, on Aug. 14, 2017. AFP - Getty Images
The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered, Red Cross spokesman Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Foh said the mountain town of Regent. He said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.
"The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken," he said. "We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning has put residents at risk.
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use
Looking for an affordable Android tablet? For a limited time, you can pick up a refurbished 8-inch Samsung Galaxy Tab A for just $99.99 – 44 percent off of the list price. This deal ends soon though, so don't hesitate to get your order in.
• Samsung Galaxy Tab A Tablet 8-inch 16GB Wi-Fi Smokey Titanium (Refurbished) for $99.99 (List price: $179.99)
Spec-wise, we're looking at a 1024×768 XGA touchscreen, a 1.2GHz quad-core processor, 16GB of flash storage, 1.5GB of RAM, support for up to 128GB microSD cards, and a 4200mAh battery. And since it runs on Android 5.0 Lollipop, you'll be able to run most of your favorite mobile apps with little hassle.
If you have kids, this is a solid investment. Not only is it very affordable, but the built-in Kids Mode allows your children to play games and watch videos without risking them accidentally ruining something.
Concerned about buying a refurbished gadget? This deal should calm your worries. Not only is it rated a “Grade A” refurb, but it also comes with a 90-day seller warranty. If you run into a problem right off the bat, you're not going to be stuck with a dud.
Note: Terms and conditions apply. See the PCMag Shop for more information.
For more great deals, go to TechBargains
TORONTO — Wednesday's scheduled console release of the video game “Death Road to Canada” has been delayed due to Monday's horrific van attack in Toronto.
London-based Ukiyo Publishing says it has put the game's release on hold because of the rampage that killed 10 pedestrians and injured 15 others.
“We feel it would be deeply inappropriate to launch the game at such a time,” Paul Hann, managing director of Ukiyo Publishing, said Tuesday in a statement.
“We would like to express our deepest condolences to everyone affected by the tragic events in Toronto.”
Hann added “that releasing a game with this name two days later would have been insensitive for those directly and indirectly involved in the event.”
“Death Road to Canada” players “have to manage a car full of jerks as they explore cities, find weird people, and face up to 500 zombies at once,” says the website.
In some scenes, seen in a Ukiyo YouTube video, a van and other vehicles plough through hordes of zombies.
Players also have to attack zombies using various weapons in the middle of the road and on sidewalks, among other places.
Rocketcat Games developed the game for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch.
Ukiyo says the game will remain unchanged between now and its new release date, which hasn't been determined.
The publisher is working with the platform holders on a suitable release date.
On Monday afternoon, a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in Toronto's north end.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was apprehended by police without incident. He is charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
A measure to expand acupuncture access to veterans was introduced last week in the House of Representatives.
The bill, called the “Acupuncture for Our Heroes Act,” was sponsored by Rep. Judy Chu (D-CA) and would require acupuncturist services be available at veterans health facilities. In an email to NBC News, Chu said she has seen how useful acupuncture was in treating pain and other health problems.
An acupuncturist applies acupuncture needles to a patient's neck. Trevor Adeline / Getty Images
“But I've also seen how stigma or lack of understanding of acupuncture and traditional Asian medicine has put it out of reach for many as insurance won't cover the treatment,” Chu told NBC News. “This means fewer options at exactly the time when we need more.”
Chu noted that acupuncture offered a “non-addictive alternative” to opiates for pain management. According to a 2009 study from the Journal of Rehabilitation Research & Development, 81.5 percent of veterans seeking medical treatment who had their medical records examined reported having some level of chronic pain. Patients in the Veterans Affairs health system are nearly twice as likely to die from accidental overdose compared to the non-veteran population, according to a 2014 guide by the Department of Veteran Affairs.
“I'm hopeful that this legislation will mean more available healthcare for our veterans while also helping to improve the image and understanding of acupuncture in America,” Chu said.
RELATED: Yoga, Acupuncture Can Help Some Pain, Studies Find
Acupuncture is a procedure in traditional Chinese medicine that involves the insertion of needles into specific points on the body.
The benefits acupuncture have been debated. A 2015 review of studies dealing with acupuncture in the Experimental and Therapeutic Medicine journal found that while some research suggested that the procedure offers a placebo effect, others suggested that acupuncture is beneficial. The review also offered guidelines for future acupuncture research.
The bill has received support from multiple organizations, including veterans service organization the American Legion. In an email to NBC News, Joseph Plenzler, director of media relations at the group, said the organization encourages the research and use of innovative, evidence-based medicine in treating various illnesses and disabilities.
“We have asked Congress to provide oversight and funding to the Department of Veterans Affairs' efforts in this area,” Plenzler told NBC News. “We are urging Congress to improve pain management policies for the Department of Defense and the VA, and are pressing the VA to accelerate research efforts to properly diagnose and develop evidence-based CAM [complementary and alternative medicine] treatments.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
David Robinson thinks Kyrie Irving would be great fit on Spurs
He's obviously a bit biased, but retired Spurs great David Robinson thinks that Kyrie Irving would be a phenomenal fit in San Antonio.
In an appearance Monday on SiriusXM NBA Radio, the former MVP discussed the possibility of Irving in a Spurs uniform.
“We'd be crazy not to want a talented guy like that,” said Robinson, per Ryne Nelson of SLAM Online. “He's been a force for them. With our system, I can't really speculate on what it would be like with him … But I certainly think, you add a talent like that to a system that can enhance his impact in the game and make him more efficient. It's just an enjoyable atmosphere where your teammates encourage one another, love one another.”
Robinson played his entire 14-year career with the Spurs and won two titles there, so he is definitely qualified to speak on their system and how it might benefit certain players. As for Irving, San Antonio is indeed one of his preferred trade destinations, so the feeling here is probably mutual.
MOSCOW (AP) - The Latest at the World Cup (all times local):
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. He denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
As a drug salesman, Mike Courtney worked hard to make health care expensive. He wined and dined doctors, golfed with them and bought lunch for their entire staffs — all to promote pills often costing thousands of dollars a year.
Now he's on a different mission. When Courtney calls on doctors these days, he champions generic drugs that frequently cost pennies and work just as well as the kinds of pricey brands he used to push.
REUTERS
Instead of big pharma, he works for Capital District Physicians' Health Plan (CDPHP), an Albany, N.Y., insurer. Instead of maximizing pill profits, his job is to save millions of dollars by educating doctors about expensive prescriptions and the stratagems used to sell them.
“Having come from big pharma, I do really feel my soul has been cleansed,” laughs Courtney, who formerly worked for Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson. “I do feel like I'm more in touch with the physicians” and plan members, he added.
Costs for prescription drugs have been rising faster than those for any other health segment, marked by high-profile cases such as the reported 400 percent increase for Mylan's EpiPen and 5,000 percent spike for Turing Pharmaceuticals' Daraprim.
‘We can't really rely on drug companies to talk to doctors about what's cost-efficient.'
Health plans and others paying those costs are fighting back. Many have tried to give doctors academic research on pill effectiveness or simply removed high-cost drugs from coverage lists.
Consumer groups and medical societies have tried to spread the word about expensive drugs. Startup GoodRx lets patients compare retail prices online.
CDPHP is one of the few insurers to have taken the battle against pricey pills a step further. It is recruiting across enemy lines, hiring former pharma representatives and staffing what may be a new job category: a sales force for cost-effective medicine.
Related: New Group Takes on Drug Costs and Big Pharma
“Insurers are taking matters into their own hands,” said Lea Prevel Katsanis, a marketing professor at Canada's Concordia University who specializes in the pharmaceutical industry. “They're saying, ‘We can't really rely on drug companies to talk to doctors about what's cost-efficient.'”
If insurance companies can curb drug costs, premiums paid by employers, taxpayers and consumers need not rise as fast.
Two years ago, when one company increased the cost of a common diabetes medicine to 20 times what it had been a few years earlier, Courtney and five other former pharma and medical-device reps working for CDPHP knew what to do.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals had cranked up the price of one common dosage of its Glumetza medicine for lowering blood sugar to an astonishing $81,270 a year, according to Truven Health Analytics, a data firm. Meanwhile a similar, generic version can be bought for as little as a penny a pill.
Related: What's to Blame for High U.S. Drug Costs?
Because Glumetza was on CDPHP's list of approved drugs, the insurer and its members had to pay for it when doctors prescribed it, resulting in millions in extra costs and stinging copayments for patients.
Dr. Eric Schnakenberg, an upstate New York family medicine doctor, was shocked when patients began complaining about what he assumed was an inexpensive prescription. Doctors are famously unaware about the cost of the care they order, a situation exploited by drug sellers and other vendors.
“Having come from big pharma, I do really feel my soul has been cleansed.”
While physicians' electronic prescribing programs and even pharmaceutical guides like the Physicians' Desk Reference contain prescribing information — some are even peppered with ads — they contain no specific information about prices. Drug sales reps who visit their offices don't highlight high prices as they drop off free samples, and drugmakers can quietly, but substantially, hike the price of a drug from one year to the next.
“As physicians, we're blindsided by that,” Schnakenberg said. “We get patient complaints saying, ‘Hey, I can't afford this,' and we say: ‘It's cheap!'”
After Courtney and his colleagues alerted doctors to what Valeant was up to, all but a handful of the 60 plan members who were taking Glumetza switched to metformin, the generic alternative. That saved about $5 million in a year.
Following an outcry over its practices, Valeant agreed last year to raise annual prices by no more than single-digit percentages, the company said through a spokesman. But such hikes could still outpace the inflation rate.
Related: Rising Prescription Drug Costs Raise Consumer Outrage
Cardiologist John Bennett got the idea to hire pharma reps a few years ago, after he became CDPHP's chief executive. He knew reps are smart, genial and motivated. Overhiring by pharma had put many back on the job market.
His sales pitch to them, he says half-jokingly, was: “You know everything they taught you in big pharma? How would you like to use those powers for good?”
Pharma companies spend billions on TV ads, doctor blandishments and expensive salespeople to keep prescriptions flowing.
Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson and other sellers responded to critics a few years ago by restricting gifts of entertainment, coffee mugs and some meals. But the industry's ethics code still allows lavish consulting contracts for doctors and sponsorship of physician conferences as well as meals for doctors and their staffs who listen to an “informational presentation” from sales reps touting expensive pills.
“When those products go generic, nobody's promoting them anymore,” Courtney said. Generics makers lack big marketing budgets. CDPHP's remedy: The insurer promotes generics with its own reps.
“It's a great idea,” said Alan Sorensen, an economist at the University of Wisconsin who has studied drug prices. “Even a small moving of the needle on their [doctors'] prescribing behavior can have a pretty big impact on costs.”
At first the team concentrated on educating doctors about cheaper alternatives to Lipitor, a widely prescribed cholesterol-lowering medicine, and Nexium, for stomach problems. That saved around $10 million the first year, much in the form of copayments that would have been owed by plan members.
Recently the plan has focused on Seroquel, a branded antipsychotic that costs far more than a similar generic. Switching to the generic saves $600 to $1,000 a month, estimates Eileen Wood, the insurer's vice president of pharmacy and health quality.
CDPHP's repurposed reps have helped keep the insurer's annual drug-cost increases to single-digit percentages, whereas without them and other measures “we would certainly be well into double-digit” increases, she said.
Educating doctors about drug costs is part of a larger push for “transparency” in an industry where Princeton economist Uwe Reinhardt says consumers face the same experience as somebody shopping in Macy's blindfolded.
Current research by the University of Wisconsin's Sorensen finds physicians with access to data about drug prices and insurance coverage are more likely to prescribe generics.
That gives Courtney and his colleagues a fighting chance, even if, he said, “we don't have the freewheeling, unlimited green Amex card like I did back in the day.”
This story was contributed by Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente. KHN's coverage of prescription drug development, costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation.
SPRING LAKE PARK, MN
NOTICE OF BID
Independent School District No. 16, Spring Lake Park, Minnesota, is presently soliciting competitive Prime Contract Bids for the Spring Lake Park High School Phase 2 Renovations Project. Sealed bids in duplicate will be received at Spring Lake Parks District Service Center, 1415 81st Ave NE, Spring Lake Park, MN 55432. No other agent is authorized to receive bids. Bids will be received until 2:00PM local time, on Tuesday, October 24th, 2017 at which time they will be publicly opened and read aloud. Bidders are invited to attend. Bids received after this time will be returned unopened.
The complete Bid Form shall be submitted without alterations, additions, or erasures. All bids shall be on a lump sum basis. No bid may be withdrawn for a period of 60 days after bid receipt without consent of the Owner. Each bidder shall accompany the Bid Form with a bid security as described in the Instructions to Bidders. The Owner reserves the right to reject any or all bids and to waive any irregularities in bids.
This project involves: Significant renovation of the existing high school two-story classroom building as well as the auto shop and wood shop areas.
Direct communications regarding this Project to the office of the Construction Manager: Jason Rentmeester ([email protected]) Kraus-Anderson(R) Construction, 8625 Rendova Street NE, P.O. Box 158, Circle Pines, MN, 55014, Tel: 612-366-4672.
Obtain Bidding Documents, including the Bid Form, Drawings and Specifications, via free electronic download by visiting www.isqft.com. Contact Kari Aufrere with any plan room downloading or ordering questions at 612-335-2796 or [email protected] to receive an invite. Printer and Kraus-Anderson will not be responsible for notifying individual parties who obtained documents without completing the checkout process, when Addenda are issued.
Bidding Documents will be available for inspection at: Minneapolis Builders Exchange, St. Paul Builders Exchange, ISQFT, Franz Reprographics, McGraw Hill, and Reed Construction Document Processing.
A Pre-Bid conference will be held at the following locations and times:
Spring Lake Park District Service Center:
Monday, October 16, 2017 at 10:00AM.
Independent School District No. 16
Spring Lake Park, Minnesota
Published in the
Blaine/Spring Lake Park Life
October 6, 13, 2017
741174
http://abcnewspapers.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/19/2017/10/741174-1.pdf
Two North Carolina residents whose driver's licenses were revoked because of unpaid traffic fines have accused the state of criminalizing poverty.
In a lawsuit filed in federal court on Wednesday, Seti Johnson, a 27-year-old father of three, and Sharee Smoot, a 31-year-old mother, describe their plights — dilemmas that the ACLU and other organizations representing the North Carolinians say are too common in a state where nearly 15.4 percent of the residents live in poverty.
By the fall of 2017, according to the lawsuit, the North Carolina Division of Motor Vehicles had revoked more than 436,000 licenses for non-payment of fines and costs.
"For those who can afford to pay, fines and court costs are a mere inconvenience," the lawsuit states. "For those who cannot afford to pay, fines or costs mean the loss of their driver's licenses, which frequently has much more serious economic consequences."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The lawsuit brought by the ACLU, the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Southern Coalition for Social Justice seeks a court order declaring that North Carolina's law and DMV's practice of revoking driver's licenses are unconstitutional.
It comes at a time when nationwide, many questions are being raised about the criminalizing of debt.
A recent Washington Post analysis revealed that more than 7 million people nationwide may have had their driver's licenses suspended for failure to pay court or administrative debt.
Lawmakers in some states have responded to the complaints of low-income drivers with proposals to curtail the practices.
In Michigan, a federal judge issued a preliminary injunction to stop the state from suspending licenses while a lawsuit made its way through the courts.
In North Carolina, the attorneys representing Johnson and Smoot have asked for DMV to restore all licenses revoked because traffic fines and court costs had not been paid. They also have asked the federal court to prevent DMV from revoking licenses for nonpayment without first providing hearings to determine whether motorists willfully did not pay.
North Carolina law calls for the automatic revocation of licenses for nonpayment of a traffic ticket 40 days after a court judgment but does not require a hearing before that takes place.
The attorneys have called for a different process that notifies drivers of options other than payment so they won't have to deal with the fallout from having their licenses revoked.
"North Carolina's unjust traffic fine collection scheme has created a two-tiered system of justice where people charged with the same traffic offense are punished differently based on how much money they have," said Cristina Becker, who has been researching the criminalizing of debt for the ACLU of North Carolina.
"Those who can afford to pay their traffic tickets get to keep their license, while those who cannot have their license revoked, making it harder to find and keep a job and take care of their families. North Carolina is denying a basic necessity – having a driver's license – to hundreds of thousands of residents simply because of their economic standing, trapping countless people in a cycle of poverty. This unfair and unconstitutional system must end."
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK A Raleigh video about what motorists should expect when stopped says you should answer all questions from an officer. But the state's driver's license handbook points out you are not legally required to answer questions after identifying yourself. Raleigh Police Department
'This has to stop'
Johnson, according to the lawsuit, had to choose between paying traffic fines and supporting his children. After a routine traffic stop last summer in Cabarrus County, he was surprised to learn that his license had been revoked for unpaid traffic tickets. He was forced to use his rent money to pay off the more than $700 he owed to reinstate his license.
His license was reinstated, but not before he received a separate ticket for driving while his license was revoked. Though that charge was reduced, the court ordered Johnson to pay a $100 fine and $208 in court costs.
Because he could not pay the full amount that day, choosing to settle the fine first, another $20 was added to Johnson's overall bill. But without a job, Johnson has struggled to pay the rest. He fears he will lose his license again.
"No one should have to live with the burden of their license being revoked, and all the expenses that come with that, simply because they don't have any money," Johnson said in a statement. "I'd previously fallen behind on my rent and sacrificed the needs of my children just to keep my license. I cannot afford to do that again. This has to stop."
Smoot is a single mother who struggles to support her daughter on a low income. She lost her driver's license in 2016 when she could not afford to pay a traffic fine.
Every day, the lawsuit contends, she faces an impossible choice between driving illegally to work and losing her job.
"I just want a fair chance to take care of my family," Smoot said. "I can't afford to pay the tickets right now, but that shouldn't prevent me from having a driver's license."
Statistics from the federal transportation department in 2016 show that 91 percent of North Carolina residents travel to work by car with only 1 percent using public transit.
A Pew Research study from 2010 highlighted in the lawsuit shows that 86 percent of Americans describe a car as a "necessity of life."
Sam Brooke, deputy legal director for the Southern Poverty Law Center, said revoking licenses for unpaid tickets is "predatory and puts thousands of individuals with low incomes at risk."
"A license permits physical mobility and enables economic transcendence," Brooke said in a statement. "Taking licenses away from those most in need is not just illegal, it is also counterproductive and heartless. We are suing to end this unjust practice.”
A man accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia was denied bond Monday after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him and the judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in.
James Alex Fields Jr. was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, he answered questions from the judge with simple responses of "Yes, sir" when asked if he understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied "No, sir" when asked if he had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for the 20-year-old Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Downer said the public defenders' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. He appointed local attorney Charles Weber to represent him. Weber couldn't immediately be reached by The Associated Press.
Fields is charged in the death of Heather Heyer, 32, of Charlottesville, who died after a car that police say Fields was driving slammed into a crowd of people protesting the nationalist rally Saturday. Fields was arrested shortly afterward and taken into custody.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race, a former high school teacher said Sunday. Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Derek Weimer said in an interview with The Associated Press.
In high school, Fields was an "average" student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany, said Weimer, who said he was Fields' social studies teacher at Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, in Fields' junior and senior years.
"Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy," Weimer said. "It would start to creep out."
Police say Fields drove his silver Dodge Challenger through a crowd of protesters in Charlottesville, killing Heyer and wounding 19 other people. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
Fields had been photographed hours earlier with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the "take America back" campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be "bigger than Charlottesville."
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer recalled that school officials had singled out Fields when he was in 9th grade for his political beliefs and "deeply held, radical" convictions on race and Nazism.
"It was a known issue," he said.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, he said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to join the army, and Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided him through the process of applying, he said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help him dispel his white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the army.
"The Army can confirm that James Alex Fields reported for basic military training in August of 2015, said Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson. "He was, however, released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015," she said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the AP late Saturday that she knew her son was going to Virginia for a political rally, but she had no idea it involved white supremacists.
"I just told him to be careful," she said, adding she warned him that if there were protests "to make sure he's doing it peacefully."
———
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events.
BOSTON — A purported psychic who charged an elderly Massachusetts woman more than $3.5 million for exorcisms and “spiritual cleansing” has pleaded guilty to evading taxes.
Federal prosecutors say 41-year-old Sally Ann Johnson of south Florida ran businesses that claimed to offer “psychic readings” and “spiritual cleansing and strengthening.”
Between 2007 and 2014, prosecutors say a Martha's Vineyard woman paid Johnson more than $3.5 million for services that claimed to rid the woman of demons.
Prosecutors say Johnson didn't report the income and tried to hide the money so she wouldn't have to pay taxes on it.
Johnson pleaded guilty in the federal court in Boston Thursday and has agreed to repay the woman. She's expected to be sentenced in January.
Her attorney did not immediately respond to an email on Friday.
Hillary Clinton supporters carry signs, Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016, at the polling places at the Emma Lou Olson Civic Center in Pompano Beach. Joe Cavaretta Sun Sentinel
MOSCOW (AP) - The Latest at the World Cup (all times local):
5:08 p.m.
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium.
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ($47) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word "England." Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday.
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests. Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended his funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. He denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Planet TechEd is proud to announce a new upgrade for Mythware Classroom Management Software for iOS.
Blaine, WA (PRUnderground) December 11th, 2017
Today's world revolves around technology devices and solutions that helps us with our day-to-day life. Updating different solutions in order to provide a compatible solution with the latest hardware is an important part of every technology company. Planet TechEd Inc. is an educational company that makes sure to provide the most updated classroom management solutions available.
The new upgrade of iOS for Mythware Classroom Management Software has improved features like screen broadcast, file distribution, monitor and control, etc. This new upgrade also allows the students to receive Audio files and multimedia files in real time. The Planet TechEd team has make sure to provide the most complete classroom management solution available with the best upgrades in order to assure a successful functionality.
Planet TechEd Inc. is the official and exclusive distributor of Mythware Solutions. As an educational company, the Planet TechEd team has made sure to be able to provide the best tools for every educator interested in having an up to date classroom and also using technology as the main tool for a successful learning process for every student. Mythware Classroom Management Software for iOS provides the best monitoring and interactive features in order to have a controlled, organized and interactive environment in the classroomThe best tools for a technology based classrooms is an important need for educators today, but the need to be able to have this classroom management solutions available even for small environment is also a need the Planet TechEd team has in mind, this is why you can use our free classroom management solution for up to 5 users for an unlimited amount of time.
The Planet TechEd team has made sure to be able to provide a solution that is easy to use and activate in order to save time to the educators and technology team in the organization. Providing the best classroom management software available in the market at the moment with the best features and an easy interface for everyone. A quick comparison between industry leaders will show why Mythware Classroom Management Software is the best solution available
About Planet TechEd Inc.
Planet TechEd was founded by a band of IT experts that realize that technology is a guiding force of education. We believe that institutions should embrace the best technologies available for the betterment of their schools and most importantly their students.
Planet TechEd source the best of the breed technologies that can also be procured at the best value for educational institutions throughout North America.
Pakistan Army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa has lashed out at the US for carrying out drone strikes “unilaterally” on a militant hideout in the tribal Orakzai Agency.
“Unilateral actions, like drone strike, etc., are counterproductive and against (the) spirit of … ongoing cooperation and intelligence-sharing being diligently undertaken by Pakistan,” the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) on Thursday quoted Gen Bajwa as saying.
“Pakistan Army is capable of taking effective measure if actionable intelligence is shared,” Gen Bajwa said, referring to Tuesday's drone strike in the Spin Thall area of Orakzai Agency adjacent to North Waziristan Agency.
According to media reports, a US drone fired two missiles at a compound, killing two suspected militants, including a leader of the Haqqani network, Abubakar.
Gen Bajwa on Wednesday said the army would continue its efforts to consolidate gains achieved thus far and added that the army stood with all other institutions to get Pakistan rid of menaces retarding its progress and prosperity.
Thinking about heading to Star City Shores? Maybe need to reconsider that idea.
City officials say three pump motors need repairs at the pool and water slide park off of 33rd and Highway 2. No word yet on when Star City Shores will reopen.
Here's the list of public pools in Lincoln that are open.
When I went to university for the first time, I got a degree in Performance Art.
To my parents' horror it was full on ‘arty-farty'. Both of them worked in education and had hopes of my getting a ‘proper job' with security and a decent pension but workshops that involved me pretending to be a tree and a final year project that saw me spend 365 days dressed as a giant sperm put an end to that.
It's fairly common to look at the things we learnt at school and question their relevance in the real world. “When am I ever going to need algebra” is a popular question but for me the answer came in 2007 when I bulk bought a batch of military issue glow sticks for £25 and my friend wanted to buy one box from me. A = £25/10. A=£2.50. That was that ticked off for use in everyday life.
How about “when I am really going to need to know about dinosaurs?” well the answer to that was when I was babysitting for my friend's daughter who I'm pretty sure at the age of 5 had a degree in paleontology. But when it comes to my degree, when am I ever going to need those characterisation skills that I spent three years honing?
I am proud to report that, 14 years after leaving university, I have finally found the answer. The answer is anywhere my toddler decides to have a meltdown which over the bank holiday weekend included Morrisons, Legoland, the services at J39, Frankie and Benny's, the Post Office and at any point I attempted to wrestle sun cream onto him.
Take Morrisons in Kirkgate. I was attempting to fill a plastic takeaway bowl with salad when Arthur decided he'd had enough. He wanted the crisps on the shelf and I, being the big bad mum, said no. We were 40 minutes off lunchtime and he actually doesn't like crisps anyway. He flung himself on the floor, the bottom lip got pushed out and loud sobs began echoing around the supermarket with pauses only so he could let out the odd dramatic “noooooooooooooo”.
Remember your reaction to that scene in The Lion King where Mufasa gets chucked off the cliff into a herd of wildebeest that crush him to death and then his son tries to cuddle into his dead lifeless body? Remember that level of despair you showed whilst watching that, how your heart broke and how you wondered how you'd ever go on let alone how poor Simba would cope? That level of despair was exactly what Arthur was exhibiting. Only his was over a packet of prawn cocktail crisps.
I attempted to pick him up off the floor only he did that thing that all toddlers learn to do where they go limp so actually getting them off the floor is akin to wrestling a large wet sea lion and then when you finally manage it and you start trying to get them into the trolley, rigor mortis sets in and you've zero chance of getting their legs to bend into those metal holes of the seat without breaking them.
Suddenly out of nowhere my three years of university training came flooding back. “Do you want to ride in a rocket?” I nonchalantly said. That got his attention. “This rocket is going to the moon” I said whilst pointing to the trolley. Quick as a flash the tears stopped and the rigor mortis ended, as he got straight into his seat. “TO THE MOOOOOOOOOON” he yelled. The next 20 minutes involved me whooshing and whizzing down the aisles saying things like “bread, we'll need bread in space so we can make a sandwich” and “what do you think Arthur the spaceman would prefer – apples or oranges”. It was a little harder to explain why Mummy would need gin in space too, but not altogether impossible (incase you were wondering, it's fuel for the engine). At Junction 39 when we went in to pay for petrol, we were the Three Little Pigs and the Big Bad Wolf. . During the drive to Legoland we were Chase and Marshall from Paw Patrol heading out on a mission. At Frankie and Benny's as we waited for our dinner we were on a magic boat that only moved if Arthur pointed and said “TO THE RIVER” and at the post office we were Fire Officers rescuing a family and their menagerie of pets from a burning building. It was an exhausting few days. To save my sanity, if anyone has any more scenario suggestions, please send them my way. I only got a 2:1 and I'm running out of ideas.
Good British seaside fun
My husband and I are off work this week.
Pre-kids, if we had wangled a week off we'd probably have flown away somewhere for a city break. In the past we've done Barcelona, Bruges, Paris. But times have changed. This week we're mainly doing DIY – that list of ‘little jobs' that need finishing now cover two sides of A4 and the new light fittings that we bought 15 months ago are gathering dust in the garage as we continue to bash our heads on the one at the bottom of the stairs that is far too low.
We need to do things like cut the grass, put up some photos on the wall and sort out that cupboard in the bathroom that contains everything from tape measures to defunct calculators to paracetamol.
We are going away at the weekend though. Not to the vibrancy of Marrakech or to a 5* boutique hotel in Vienna – no, we're going camping in Scarborough and we're going to love every second of it! The campsite playground for Arthur to play on before he's even had his breakfast, the harbour bar ice cream parlour and the boat rides at Peasholm Park.
I just don't think you can beat it for good clean British seaside fun. We've take Arthur every year and it's become a bit of a tradition – even down to the stop off at Spital Inn and craft centre on route (well worth a visit!) Plus the campsite is £60 for 2 nights with a campervan and you can't complain about that!
Countdown to Love Island...
Ant's got the countdown timer on and he's counting down the days until the launch of Love Island on June 4.
He's obsessed with it and will watch every episode – if he misses it in the evening he'll set his alarm clock earlier so he can watch it before work.
Given that his usual alarm clock goes off at 4.30am anyway it shows complete dedication.
Me? I don't get it. I find it shallow and fake and completely cringe-worthy. I've watched maybe an hour's worth in the past – broken up into 10 minutes chunks and that has been more than enough.
I just can't relate to it. Maybe it's because I'm not 20 and a size 6 but it just seems to be a show full of people who are obsessed with how they look, who value skinny over health and personality and who bed hop their way through the series.
I'm going to try and watch it with an open mind this year and perhaps I'll be surprised?
Caroline Verdon is one half of the breakfast show at Radio Aire. You can hear Caroline and Ant between 6-10am every weekday morning.
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting Pause
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:55 DC official: Estimated turnout for Women's March in D.C. at 500,000
2:23 NAACP leader discusses HB2
1:36 HB2 repeal possible after Charlotte vote
UK Prime Minister Theresa May formally called for new elections on Tuesday, cutting short the current parliament by nearly three years.
May surprised observers with the decision to dissolve the government she inherited from former PM David Cameron and bring on snap elections, which May says should be held by June 8th.
“I have just chaired a meeting of the cabinet, where we agreed that the government should call a general election, to be held on June 8,” said May.
The current parliament was elected in May 2015 to a five-year term. The ruling Conservative Party won an absolute majority in those elections under Cameron, carrying 331 of the 650 seats in the House of Commons, a pickup of 24 seats.
In a press conference Tuesday, May cited parliamentary opposition to the implementation of the Brexit and the subsequent political deadlock in negotiating its terms as the reasons for her decision.
“The country is coming together, but Westminster is not. In recent weeks Labour has threatened to vote against the deal we reach with the European Union.
“The Liberal Democrats have said they want to grind the business of government to a standstill. The Scottish National party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union.
“And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way. Our opponents believe that because the government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course.
"If we do not hold a general election now, their political game playing will continue," said May.
Late last month, May's government invoked Article 50 of the European Union charter, beginning the complex process of ending Great Britain's membership in the EU.
Recent polls taken before Tuesday's announcement show the Conservatives maintaining a wide lead over both Labour and the Liberal Democrats. A YouGov poll conducted last week showed the Conservatives with 45% to 22% for Labour, 13% for the Liberal Democrats, and 9% for the right-wing UK Independence Party (UKIP).
An Electoral Calculus average of recent polls predicts the Conservatives would gain 50 seats if new elections were held today, rising from 331 to 381 seats, while Labour would plummet from the 232 seats it won in 2015 to just 182. The Liberal Democrats would remain stable at 8 seats, while the Scottish National Party would maintain its 56 seats.
UKIP, which won a single seat in 2015 despite winning 13% of the vote, would likely lose all parliamentary representation, with a projected vote share of 10.5%.
Every bride receives an onslaught of advice before their wedding day, but very few people actually have insight into a situation like Meghan Markle's.
Princess Anne's husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence, however, knows first-hand what it's like to join the most famous family in the world, and offered a bit of guidance to Prince Harry's fiancée.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"She's absolutely great and she certainly doesn't need any advice from me, but the simplest advice for all of us is 'just be yourself'. If she does that, she'll be fine," Laurence told the Daily Express.
That said, he did note that the weeks prior to his 1992 wedding to Princess Anne were particularly stressful in terms of media scrutiny.
"The hardest time was in the lead-up to our marriage, and in the early weeks and months of our marriage where there was a lot of scrutiny," he shared.
"We're coming up to Prince Harry and Meghan's wedding. They will go through a very intense period of media coverage and it's tough. It is difficult for them. There's not a lot you can do about it."
Indeed, we're just a month away from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's nuptials in Windsor, and the appetite for information about their wedding is only expanding, even amid the excitement surrounding the new royal baby.
But Markle does have more experience with the press than previous commoners marrying into the royal family. Perhaps her years in Hollywood have better prepared her for the spotlight.
The annual Fannin County Rebels and Lady Rebels Camp of Champions for youth basketball players was held June 5 through ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
According to reports, the update is currently available only to Tesla vehicles in North America, but will soon roll out globally.
If you've been waiting to buy a Tesla, now may be the time. The Model S and the Model X are dropping in price before the release of the more affordable Model 3, expected to start production later this year.
Monday's announced reductions come the day after the least expensive Tesla, the Model S 60 was discontinued. Tesla sent out emails to potential buyers in March alerting them that Sunday would be the final day to order the vehicle, Electrek reported.
Read: Tesla Stock: Elon Musk's Company Almost Worth As Much As Ford Motor Company
Now the Model S is the least expensive model on the market, starting at $69,500 before tax incentives and gas savings are factored in. That's a $5,000 reduction for the base 75. The base 75D saw a reduction of $3,000, bringing it to $74,500.
But some bases saw an increase in price, the Verge reported. The 100D base is increasing the price of the Model S by $5,000 and the Model X by $1,000. The base P100D will also see an increase, $5,500 for the S, and $9,500 for the X. Those increases won't occur until April 24.
All these prices are well above the Model 3, which will begin production in
Related Articles
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File). FILE - In this Jan. 29, 2018, file photo, David Beckham speaks at an event where it was announced that Major League Soccer is bringing an expansion team to Miami, in Miami. Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be ...
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File). FILE - In this Jan. 29, 2018, file photo, David Beckham poses for a photo at an event where it was announced that Major League Soccer is bringing an expansion team to Miami, in Miami. Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miam...
By TIM REYNOLDS
AP Sports Writer
MIAMI (AP) - David Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters.
His target: a golf course.
Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week as he and his partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. The Beckham group's latest proposal calls for a 28,000-seat stadium on the site of what is now the Melreese Country Club, a public golf course owned by the city that sits near Miami International Airport.
If commissioners approve, voters would decide on Nov. 6 whether to change the city's charter and allow what would be a no-bid deal to lease 73 acres at the Melreese site to the group. The deal Beckham is proposing calls for the city to collect nearly $140 million in rent payments over 39 years, a rate of roughly $3.5 million annually.
Beckham's group would pay an additional $20 million over 30 years to help fund a planned 58-acre park on the site.
The former Manchester United, Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star and business partner Jorge Mas are listed on the city's agenda for the July 12 meeting, described as scheduled to make a "personal appearance" and "special presentation." They will ask commissioners to put the measure before voters, though it's certain that not everyone at the meeting will be supporting the idea.
Petitions are circulating to save the course, where Tiger Woods has appeared for clinics in the past. Longtime LPGA star Cristie Kerr, a Miami native, has voiced opposition to the Melreese plan in recent months, as has fellow Miami native pro Erik Compton.
"Please help protect this beautiful green space, this public golf course and this home to amazing youth programs," Compton wrote on Twitter .
Beckham's group also wants to bring a massive technology park to the site, as well as an underground parking facility, public soccer fields, 500 new hotel rooms, a conference center, retail stores, restaurants and more. The Beckham franchise, when it gets going, will also bring a training center and an academy focused on developing local players to the Miami area.
The stadium-location quest is just the latest drawn-out chapter in Beckham's five-years-and-counting marathon to bring MLS back to Miami. The Miami Fusion played from 1998-2001, folding because of poor attendance.
Beckham and MLS announced in January that the franchise would be coming to Miami, but nearly every detail about the club remains unclear. There's no definitive start date - 2020 has been mentioned repeatedly, even though no new stadium could possibly be ready by then - as well as no team name, no logo, no colors, no coaching staff and no front-office personnel.
More than a year ago, Miami-Dade County commissioners approved a deal to sell Beckham nearly three acres of county land for $9 million with the belief that it would be the last parcel he needed for a stadium site in the city's Overtown neighborhood. But that site was never the preferred choice for Beckham and his group anyway, with the original hope being to build on the waterfront near the Port of Miami.
The Overtown site now seems all but doomed, though it's unclear what would happen if city commissioners or voters block the latest Beckham plan.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Elbit Systems, Israel Aerospace Industries and the Refael Authority for Arms Development placed in the top 50 companies in defense-related sales, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute's rankings for 2016, released on Monday.
The three companies accounted for $7.9 billion in sales, about 2.1 percent of SIPRI Top 100's $374.8 billion. That total is 1.9 per cent higher compared with 2015, the first year of growth in SIPRI Top 100 arms sales after five consecutive years of decline.
Sean Rayford
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley Confirmed as UN Ambassador
The two-term governor faced questions from Democrats over her lack of experience with global affairs but won plaudits from senators for her handling of prickly issues like Russia and UN actions toward Israel during her confirmation hearings.
Atletico Madrid have included Diego Costa in their squad to face Arsenal in Thursday's Europa League semi-final first leg.
The former Chelsea striker has been included in a 20-man travelling party for the match despite Atleti manager Diego Simeone having said last weekend that Costa had no chance of being involved against the Gunners.
Costa, aged 29, limped off with a hamstring injury during the quarter-final second leg against Sporting Lisbon. He has missed his side's three games since then.
Simeone's decision to bring him to London suggests that he does have a chance of playing.
Costa has a record of speedy returns from hamstring problems, most notably to feature in the 2014 Champions League final when he was forced off after just nine minutes of the match by a recurrence of the injury.
The Spain international and his team-mates are due to arrive in London tomorrow ahead of the big game.
Update: Added details regarding information unveiled at E3.
For years, it was unclear whether there would ever be a Beyond Good and Evil 2. The original Beyond Good and Evil came out way back in 2003, and although it earned good reviews and a cult following, underwhelming sales cast doubt on the possibility of a sequel. Ubisoft confirmed the development of the much sought after sequel in 2008 with a teaser trailer at Ubidays in Paris. The game, however, was rumored to have been put on hold the following year.
After years of rumors, the project finally resurfaced in April 2016 when Ubisoft re-filed the game's trademark. Months later, at E3 2016, Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemo said the project was still alive. Michel Ancel, the game's creative director, teased the project in late September, and a month later, Ubisoft confirmed its Montpellier Studio is working on Beyond Good and Evil 2. A CG trailer released during E3 2017 only got fans even more excited.
If you're as excited as us for Beyond Good and Evil 2, then you can keep up with news, rumors, and everything we know about the game right here.
When will it arrive and on which platforms?
Following the game's re-reveal trailer at E3 2017, Ubisoft failed to give a release window for Beyond Good and Evil 2. The only timeframe that has been rumored came from journalist Laura Kate Dale's report on the story of the game back in January 2017. She claimed that, according to her sources at Ubisoft, the company is eyeing a summer 2018 release. In the same report, written before the Switch press event in Tokyo, Dale said a teaser would be shown on stage. That did not happen at the Switch reveal, but information on the game did begin to come out just beforehand on Ancel's Instagram, which you can see below.
The original Beyond Good and Evil and its 2011 HD remaster were multi-platform, and Ubisoft rarely releases exclusives of the AAA variety. There have been rumors, however, that Beyond Good and Evil 2 could be a one-year timed-exclusive for the Nintendo Switch before it moves to Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC.
Modern (concept) art
Prior to the game's re-announcement trailer, three pieces of concept were teased by Ancel. They give insight into a few characters not seen in the video.
Somewhere in system 4 … – Thanks #ubisoft for making this possible ! A post shared by Michel Ancel (@michelancel) on Sep 26, 2016 at 11:58pm PDT
We know nothing about the man other than that he looks like a cross between Solid Snake and Nathan Drake. There are fans who believe he may be Jade's unnamed father, and that his companion could be a younger Pey'j, which could work given the game prequel status. It's interesting to note that before the events of Beyond Good and Evil, Jade's father was said to be a good friend of Pey'j. The tiny boar pictured above sure seems to like the man, right?
"Ready for the fight " independence #ubisoft day A post shared by Michel Ancel (@michelancel) on Sep 28, 2016 at 10:30pm PDT
The shark humanoid species was present in the original. The caption on the image suggests the species may take a more active role in the follow-up.
Endangered species – now saved – Game in pre-production – Stay tuned ! A post shared by Michel Ancel (@michelancel) on Oct 4, 2016 at 2:19pm PDT
In the original, a pair of rhino humanoids ran the Mammago Garage where you serviced Jade's ship. The creature above is wearing attire fitting for a service shop, so maybe this anthropomorphic rhino will be as handy as the brothers in the garage.
St Helens put Castleford Tigers to the sword as they destroyed last year's Grand Finalists 46-6.
Justin Holbrook's side has been heavily tipped to win this year's competition, and they lived up t their billing by crushing last year's runaway leaders, who looked a shadow of the side that dominated last season.
But the night belonged to Saints. Ben Barba starred with a dazzling display including two tries, while Mark Percival bagged a hat-trick.
Barba opened the scoring, before further tries through Zeb Taia, Jonny Lomax and Percival handed the hosts a 22-0 lead.
Paul McShane scored for the Tigers to ensure they wouldn't get nilled, but Percival completed his hat-trick and further tries for Barba and Taia completed the rout.
St Helens: Barba, Makinson, Morgan, Percival, Grace, Lomax, Richardson, Amor, Roby, Thompson, Peyroux, Taia, Wilkin. Subs: Fages, Walmsley, McCarthy-Scarsbrook, Knowles.
Castleford: Roberts, Minikin, Webster, Shenton, Eden, Trueman, Gale, Moors, McShane, Green, Holmes, McMeeken, Massey. Subs: Millington, Milner, Sene-Lefao, Cook.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
TIJUANA, Mexico — Hundreds of Central American migrants traveling through Mexico in a caravan began arriving in the border city Tuesday, with many still intent on seeking asylum despite fresh threats of prosecution and deportation from the Trump administration.
Numerous tents were set up at the Movimiento Juventud 2000 shelter in Tijuana, just south of California, to house the migrants — who have said they are fleeing violence and persecution in their home countries — before they attempt to surrender at the U.S. Port of Entry.
About 300 migrants are expected to sleep in the shelter before taking the last step of attempting to cross the border and possibly request asylum. It's the largest number of migrants taking part in the caravan to reach the border — about 50 members arrived late last week, Reuters reported.
María, a 17-year-old from Honduras who arrived Monday with her one-year-old son, José Roberto, sought asylum at the U.S. border immediately. She was turned away, she said, and plans to try again.
A Honduran asylum seeker, Maria, 17, with her son Jose Roberto in a Tijuana shelter near the U.S.-Mexico border. Annie Rose Ramos / NBC News
She told NBC News on Tuesday that she traveled with few belongings: a small backpack that had only a couple of diapers for José, a few changes of clothes for herself and a comb for her hair.
"This is all I have," she said on her belongings.
José's shoes sat in a corner of the shelter as he ran around barefoot among the brightly colored tents set up for the rest of the families from the caravan.
María said she left Honduras after José's father threatened to kill her.
Upload Stories faster — or preview the entire thing — with new Instagram tools
Instagram is now allowing users to add multiple images or videos to Stories in one move. The bulk upload tool allows users to add up to 10 photos or videos, though edits like stickers are still applied individually.
The post Upload Stories faster — or preview the entire thing — with new Instagram tools appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau is forcing Bayer AG to divest some of its Canadian canola, soybean and vegetable seed, traits and herbicide assets before it will allow the German pharmaceutical giant to purchase agricultural business Monsanto Company.
The watchdog says in a consent agreement filed Wednesday that if the assets aren't divested the takeover would likely "substantially lessen" competition in Canada's seeds and crop treatment sector.
Bayer previously said the assets would be sold to German chemical company BASF SE for 5.9 billion euros.
The bureau says it is reviewing the suitability of BASF as a buyer for the assets.
11:56 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Electra to buy Golan Telecom Read more
Electra takes loans to buy Golan Telecom. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Many sisters have a special bond. Jessica Romero-Reyes describes her bond with older sister Rita Gutierrez-Garcia, as something akin to being soul mates.
Rita Gutierrez-Garcia Longmont Police Department
“We're so attached that I'll have my phone on speaker phone and she'll have her phone on speaker phone,” Jessica told Dateline. “We won't even be talking, she's just in the room with me.”
Being so close, Jessica says she always knew what Rita, 34, was doing -- and with whom she was hanging out. On the evening of Saturday, March 17, Jessica noticed on SnapChat that Rita was going out, but not with the people she normally did.
“She went with distant family and friends,” Jessica said. “I don't like their character.”
Jessica told Dateline that, although these were people Rita wouldn't normally hang out with, she wasn't concerned enough to reach out to Rita and ask what was going on. They had plans to see each other the next afternoon, anyway, at their younger sister Nicole's baby shower.
The next morning, Jessica says their mother, Diane Romero, went to Rita's home to pick her and her sons up to go to the baby shower. Rita didn't answer her phone, but the family figured she was probably sleeping in after her night out.
When Diane arrived, Rita was nowhere to be found.
Rita's sons, aged 18, 12, and 9, said they didn't know anything was wrong until they woke up that morning and saw that their mother hadn't come home.
“The boys were very upset,” Jessica said. Diane dropped them off at the baby shower, and then took off to find Rita's friends and ask if they knew where she was.
None of the friends had spoken to Rita since the early hours of Sunday morning, when they had all been out together. Diane, Jessica and the rest of Rita's family continued to reach out to other friends of Rita's, but struck out there as well. They reported her missing the next day.
Through the investigation, the Longmont Police Department discovered that Rita was last seen in the west alley of the 300 block of Main Street in Longmont, Colorado on March 18, 2018 at about 2:30 a.m. She'd been driven there with a group of friends earlier in the night, bar-hopping to celebrate St. Patrick's Day.
“According to the witnesses' statements, they were all in a parking lot that's behind the bars in that area,” Longmont Police Department Detective Cody Clark told Dateline. “When that group of people was leaving, they said they were under the assumption [Rita] was going to get a ride or transportation from someone else.”
Detective Clark told Dateline there isn't much public transportation in that area at that time of night, and there are no records of Rita using a taxi or a ride-sharing service like Uber.
“Unfortunately, there isn't surveillance footage in that area,” Detective Clark said. However, he said that investigators reached out to residents in the surrounding area to see if they have cameras on the outsides of their home that could have captured Rita walking away or getting into a car.
While surveillance footage was submitted by some nearby residents and a local business, Detective Clark says none of the footage has provided any insight on what happened to Rita.
About one week after Rita disappeared, authorities conducted a general search with search and rescue dogs.
“We sent these dogs out in several areas and several of the dogs gave a trained response in the Golden Ponds Park,” Detective Clark told Dateline. “When the dogs gave this response in that area, we gave a very intense foot search there and -- just to cover our bases -- we also drained those ponds to look for any indication of evidence.”
Authorities were unable to find any significant evidence from that search.
Rita's sister Jessica says that lack of discovery brought a wave of mixed emotions.
“It's a terrible, terrible thought -- to think she was in the bottom of the pond,” Jessica said. “But at the same time, when she wasn't at the bottom, it was like, ‘Well, where is she, then?'”
Detective Clark says investigators have spoken to people who Rita was with on the night she was last seen, but they haven't yet been able to identify everyone who was there. He said the members of the bar staff who work there either don't remember seeing Rita specifically, or remember her, but don't recall anything alarming.
“We've spoken with several other people from her past, as well, including former significant others, friends and other people,” Detective Clark said. He told Dateline that authorities have also spoken to Rita's current boyfriend, and her ex-husband, who is the father of her three children.
“At this point, we don't have any reasons to suspect they had anything to do with Rita's disappearance,” Detective Clark said. Rita is considered missing under suspicious circumstances, due to the fact that this is not normal behavior for her.
At a press conference shortly after Rita's disappearance, her mother Diane begged for her daughter to come home.
“I love you, I need you here. We just want you to come home,” Diane said. “We need you. I'm supposed to be the strong one, so I'm not going to cry.”
While the family continues their desperate search, Rita's boys are staying with Jessica.
“I just want to tell you, Rita, that I miss your smile and I miss your laugh. And you are the sunshine on the cloudiest days for me, because no matter what, we can always laugh together,” Jessica said at the press conference. “I have the boys, and I am trying to be as strong as I can for the boys every day. But I need you. We need you.”
Rita is described as being 5'7” tall with ombre hair and brown eyes. She weighs about 140 lbs. and has several tattoos. She was last seen wearing a long-sleeved black shirt and black leggings. If you have any information on Rita's whereabouts, please call the Longmont Police Department at 303-774-4392.
Butler Bulldogs running back Jamal Worthy didn't get into the end zone, but Worthy was the difference in the second half of Friday's game at Myers Park. He carried 27 times for 152 yards and had 53 yards in his final five carries as Butler won 28-7. Jeff Siner jsiner@charlotteobserver.com
Loading....
Over the weekend, IDF forces in Judea and Samaria arrested three wanted terrorists, who are suspected of involvement in terror, as well as rioting and violent behavior towards civilians and security forces.
On Sunday, the IDF and Shabak carried out a joint operation in which they raided and closed down three Arab-owned businesses in Hevron which aided Hamas terror cells.
The cells in question aided Hamas recruitment and incited young Arabs to join the terror organization and carry out terror attacks.
The Arab owners of these businesses are Hamas terrorists who were previously jailed for involvement in terrorist infrastructure in Hevron. Their businesses provided various discounts and services to Hamas, printed inciting materials, and hid various illegal materials.
"Every business which provides services to terror organizations risks being closed down and having its properties confiscated," an IDF spokesman warned.
The IDF also found discovered three pipe bombs, and arrested the terrorist suspected of owning them.
Lil Yachty performs at the Teen Choice Awards at the Galen Center on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Los Angeles. Photo by Phil McCarten
Hobbs will be a little noisier than usual this weekend when approximately 507 pure bred dogs arrive here to compete in this year's Hobbs Kennel Club dog show.
The show, which is scheduled to begin Saturday at 9 a.m., will close at 5 p.m., but will reopen Sunday morning at 8 a.m. The show is free and open to the public, but no dogs except those in the show will be admitted to the event center.
The dogs, of course, will be accompanied by owners or handlers. Many of the humans will come into town driving motor homes or other kinds of recreational vehicles. Others will be checking into pet-friendly hotels.
“Most will be eating at local restaurants and looking for places to visit during downtimes,” Allen Jackson, chairman of the dog show said Tuesday. “I hear there's a good exhibit over at the Western Heritage Museum and a lot of people will probably go over there. This is an important event for Hobbs.”
Jackson said Tuesday that he did not yet have a list of all the breeds of dogs entered in the show.
“I know that two new breeds were introduced to the American Kennel Club this year, but I don't know whether they'll be represented at the show,” Jackson said.
Jackson explained the procedure at the Hobbs show as being two shows in the space of the two days.
“It can be a little bit confusing,” he said. “What happens is that on Saturday, the dogs will go through their paces and at the end of the day, the judges will choose the best in show. The next day, it's like a whole new dog show. The same judges that were judges on Saturday will be judging, but they'll be judging different dogs, dogs that they didn't see the day before. And so it's possible that a dog that won the first day won't win the next day. The dog that won the first day may just be having a terrible day the second day.”
“There are standards the American Kennel Club has for each breed. The dogs have to be at least a certain height but not any taller. There are color standards for each breed. The standards are all in writing and the judges have to know them all,” Jackson said.
Information on the American Kennel Club Website, says that there are several breeds in each of the seven groups of dogs into which competitors are divided. Those groups are sporting, hounds, working, terrier, toy, non-sporting and herding. An Internet search of breeds within groups nets more than a million hits, with pictures of each breed within each group.
The breeds within the groups are diverse. For example, there are more than 20 breeds within the herding group and those breeds range from the short-legged Welsh Corgi to the long-legged German shepherd. The hound group includes bassets, beagles and Dachshunds.
Each breed within a group is judged separately, males against males and females against females and judges choose winners within each breed. Eventually the list is winnowed to the top dog in each group and those seven dogs compete for best in show.
At the Hobbs show, spectators can watch as handlers put their dogs through their paces. However, since different breeds may be competing in different performance arenas at once, the experience will not be the same as watching the Westminster dog show on television. The Hobbs experience will be more upclose and personal.
Dorothy N. Fowler can be reached at education@ hobbsnews.com .
An Ohio man who sold heroin laced with an elephant tranquilizer that caused more than two dozen overdoses in West Virginia has been sentenced to more than 18 years in federal prison.
Twenty-two-year-old Bruce Lamar Griggs, of Akron, was sentenced Monday in federal court in Huntington.
Authorities have said 28 people overdosed shortly after using heroin sold by Griggs on Aug. 15. Several victims implicated Griggs, who was arrested a week later.
Authorities have said two people died of heroin overdoses in Huntington around that time, but U.S. District Judge Robert Chambers said none of the deaths were from Griggs' sales.
Victims' blood and urine tests showed heroin, fentanyl and carfentanil, an opioid considered 10,000 times stronger than morphine and used as an elephant tranquilizer.
The Pennsylvania SPCA removed 15 dogs from the home of an alleged unlicensed breeder in Lancaster County last week after it received a tip that dogs were being illegally debarked. The group found that three dogs, including Rosella shown here, had been debarked by someone who had pushed a pipe-like object down their throats multiple times. Courtesy of Pennsylvania SPCA
Even with government assurance that uniform grants will not be cut for the 2017/18 school year, thousands of families across Northern Ireland are facing the desperate situation of having to find enough money to purchase essential school clothing for their children, according to the Society of St Vincent de Paul (SVP).
SVP has a presence in communities right across Northern Ireland and its volunteers have seen that this issue is affecting thousands of families, who are struggling to get by.
The charity is doing its bit to help those in need by offering low cost pre-used official school uniform items in its 32 Vincent's shops across Northern Ireland including ‘Vincents' which is located at Cushendall Road, in Ballymena.
Anne Crossan, Regional Retail Services Manager for SVP, explains: “We are a volunteer-led organisation and our priority is to help alleviate poverty in local communities.
“Our volunteers operate at such a grass-roots level across Northern Ireland that we understand and see, first-hand, the extent of issues such as this, that make a real difference to individuals, families and communities themselves. One of SVP's support services is our Vincent's shops which stock pre-loved clothing and we have noticed more and more families specifically asking if we have school uniform items.
“While there is a government-funded uniform grants' scheme, the allocation per pupil only touches the tip of the iceberg of what realistically is needed by a student.
“The cost of a basic secondary or grammar school uniform and PE kit can be daunting, in most cases in excess of £200.
“This is a challenging amount for most families, particularly those with more than one child who simply don't have money like this available and it adds huge pressure to those who may already be struggling to meet bills. However, the same uniform items in our shops would be a fraction of the price and in very good condition.
“Through our shops, families have the option of purchasing even one or two of the regulatory items at a reduced price, freeing up money to spend elsewhere.”
Anne added: “In light of this increasing demand for uniform items, we are calling for the public to help by donating previously used uniform pieces at any time of the year, which are still in good condition, into any of our charity shops across Northern Ireland.
“Just call in with outgrown items or even school equipment that is no longer needed and this could alleviate some of the pressures on another family.
“All donations are gratefully received and funds raised go back into supporting the work of SVP across local areas.”
Anyone who would like to find out more about St Vincent de Paul NI, can call 02890 351561 or email info@svpni.co.uk.
FILE - In this Friday, Feb. 23, 2018, file photo, Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner runs to third from second after a throwing error by Chicago White Sox second baseman Yoan Moncada during the third inning of a baseball spring exhibition game, in Glendale, Ariz. Turner has a broken left wrist after being hit by a pitch during a spring training game, Monday, March 19, 2018. Carlos Osorio, File AP Photo
0:59
Here are the winning numbers for the $1.5 billion Powerball jackpot
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
Why it matters to you While gene editing has been a historically contentious practice, the possibility of curing diseases like Huntington's disease and ALS help highlight the practice's benefits.
Just a few weeks ago, we marveled at the first instance of human embryo editing with CRISPR in the United States. Now, the gene editing technique has been used for yet another impressive purpose. Scientists at the University of California San Diego believe that a modified version of the CRISPR/Cas9 tool could be used to track RNA in live cells using a method known as RNA-targeting Cas9. But more importantly, this methodology could allow doctors to fix molecular mistakes that result in diseases like myotonic dystrophy types 1 and 2, which are the most common form of hereditary ALS and Huntington's disease.
These types of diseases occur when errors in RNA sequences prevent the production of key proteins. However, with RNA-targeting Cas9, researchers were able to get rid of the RNA errors, particularly those linked to ALS and Huntington's. In fact, so effective was this new methodology that scientists were able to remove more than 95 percent of the problematic RNA.
“This is exciting because we're not only targeting the root cause of diseases for which there are no current therapies to delay progression, but we've re-engineered the CRISPR-Cas9 system in a way that's feasible to deliver it to specific tissues via a viral vector,” said senior author Gene Yeo, professor of cellular and molecular medicine at the UC San Diego School of Medicine.
Yeo's team also found that applying RNA-targeting Cas9 managed to reverse 93 percent of dysfunctional RNA targets in muscle cells, ultimately turning those cells back into what appeared to be healthy control cells. But while these are all promising results, for the time being, the technique has only been tested in lab settings.
“The main thing we don't know yet is whether or not the viral vectors that deliver RCas9 to cells would illicit an immune response,” Yeo said. “Before this could be tested in humans, we would need to test it in animal models, determine potential toxicities and evaluate long-term exposure.”
Still, the new methodologies could be groundbreaking in the medicine field.
As David Nelles, co-first author of the study said, “We are really excited about this work because we not only defined a new potential therapeutic mechanism for CRISPR-Cas9, we demonstrated how it could be used to treat an entire class of conditions for which there are no successful treatment options.”
WASHINGTON — The top commander of U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan says some Taliban fighters and leaders are talking to the Afghan government about peace prospects.
Gen. John Nicholson told reporters at the Pentagon on Wednesday that he could not be more specific about this because the talks are confidential. He said they involve mid-level as well as high-level Taliban figures in exploratory contacts that are taking place “off stage,” even as fighting continues.
In what he suggested was evidence of interest in a peace process, Nicholson said the Taliban's spring offensive, announced in late April, has been less intense than in recent years. He also argued that Afghan government forces are demonstrating an improved ability to defeat Taliban attacks.
CANADIAN manufacturer Bourgault's new seeding bar was named ‘Machine of the Year' by organisers of the Henty Machinery Field Days, held in New South Wales recently.
Judges said a big feature of the 24 metre (80 feet)-wide 3420 PHD Paralink Hoe Drill was the ability to fold to a transport width of 5.4m (18ft) within minutes.
The Coolamon All Rounder chaser bin was given a ‘Highly commended' award by the judges, who assessed 18 machines and equipment.
Judging criteria included the machine's purpose and suitability, scope of application, construction (durability and design), ease of maintenance and service, ease of operation and adjustment, availability of parts and overall value for money.
Last year, the award was won by the flexible sheep handling system, Back Up Charlie, entered by Urana, NSW farmers Charlie and Tana Webb.
Judge Mark Bowyer said the 3420's folding mechanism was quite complex.
“For a big machine like that it takes a lot of engineering,'' Mr Bowyer said.
“There have been several prototypes tested in Canada and we were impressed with the overall quality of the machine.
“A computer in the tractor sets out the sequence of the fold mechanism to make it fail-safe.
“For a machine that is 80 foot (24m) wide, it folds up quite narrowly and the rear wheels have steering allowing it to track along nicely on the turns.''
Mr Bowyer expected the hoe drill to have applications in broadacre cropping areas of WA and northern NSW.
The machine was originally debuted to the North American market in 2015, with units up to 30m (100ft)-wide.
Bourgault NSW territory manager Jonathon McKenzie said the key feature of the 3420 was the ‘Transfold' mechanism, giving a 5.4m transport width.
He said there were few manufacturers in Australia offering drills on such a large scale, with most of them being end-tow units.
“This means it takes hours to get them ready for transport, whereas the 3420 can be folded and unfolded in less than four minutes,'' Mr McKenzie said.
“Since we showcased the 3420 to dealers in June, there has been a lot of interest created with customers as well, and we have been doing a lot of
quoting.''
Oklahoma is a sparsely populated state from which a staggering volume of oil and natural gas has been produced. Given this, one would expect us to have, among other things, an educational system that is one of the best in the country. Unfortunately, as recent events have now made everyone aware, nothing could be further from the truth. In addition to many other deficiencies, the state public school system is well below both national and regional averages, and even after their recent raise, Oklahoma public school teachers remain among the lowest paid in the country. One important reason for this underfunding is a misguided effort by the state to keep gross production tax at levels far below those of any other state.
According to the governor, a low GPT is necessary to maintain oil and gas drilling activity and hence production levels. This logic is flawed. Crude oil is a global commodity with its price controlled by an unpredictable worldwide economic and political climate. When an Oklahoma operator evaluates the economic hurdles necessary to justify drilling, GPT is not a major consideration, whether it is 2 percent or 7 percent. The decision is based on a projection of risk-weighted production to an estimate of future oil price. If the project fly under what is viewed as a pessimistic price forecast, it can move forward. As oil price volatility is extreme (up to 5 percent or even 10 percent in a day), the GPT rate becomes a rounding error. This allows a 5-percent GPT sacrifice given by the state to the industry to evaporate literally overnight.
The effective tax rate for Oklahoma oil operators is far below that of any other major producing area. Oklahoma's aggregate tax for oil production in fiscal 2016 was 3.2 percent, down from an effective rate of 6.25 percent in 2012, according to an analysis by the Oklahoma Policy Institute based on Idaho state research. Comparing us to our neighbors, in FY 2016 Kansas was 8 percent, Texas 8.3 percent, Arkansas 12 percent, and Louisiana 13.3 percent. The nominal Oklahoma GPT of 7 percent has been adjusted over the years as the Legislature enacted exemptions to lower tax rates for various types of production, the most significant that for horizontally drilled wells. Horizontal wells, which begin strong and deplete quickly, represent nearly all oil and gas drilling and new production in Oklahoma. Recent moves to push the GPT to 5 percent, absent a raft of exemptions, will help. However, the fiscal hole that has been created is deep and will require years to dig out.
A simple, flat, 7-percent GPT for all oil and gas production in Oklahoma will not drive operators from Oklahoma, and their tax liability will rise and fall with price, as it should. It will still, however, leave us the least-taxed major hydrocarbon producer in the country and reduce the effect of inevitable future price drops. The geology that Nature has bestowed upon us, combined with the technical savvy of local operators, will keep the industry interested in Oklahoma for as long as there is an industry.
Dan Boyd is a longtime Norman resident and a 40-year petroleum geologist who wrote extensively about the Oklahoma oil and gas industry during his 11-year tenure at the Oklahoma Geological Survey.
DENVER (AP) By leaving on his own terms, Gary Kubiak made a choice few coaches do. Health and life are more important than football, he decided, and this 100-hour-a-week coaching business he's been in for decades was no longer a good fit.
This was no easy call for the football lifer, who first rolled into Denver 34 years ago in his wife's Buick, a backup quarterback and total afterthought during a summer that brought John Elway to town, too.
Wearing jeans and an untucked button-down shirt – against the PR man's advice – Kubiak choked back tears Monday during his farewell, while thanking everyone from the equipment managers to the man who wore No. 7 and has been Kubes' teammate, boss and best friend for decades.
But the most telling part of the coach's farewell talk was this:
”I've taken a lot of pride that I could coach a football team, be there for the players, be there for the coaches, be there for the organization, do a game plan, call some plays on Sunday,” he said. ”I've always taken pride that I could do all those things. But this year, I haven't been able to do that.”
If he couldn't fill the job description, he said, there was no use trying to fake it.
The toll this job took on the 55-year-old Texas native became frighteningly obvious in 2013, when he lay motionless on the field at halftime of a game in what would turn out to be his final year coaching Houston.
The mini-stroke he suffered then was the glaring indicator that Kubiak was no match for the workload.
Is any man?
”That'd be hard for me to say,” Kubiak said. ”I know what the demands have been the last 10 years. There are a lot of things, the organizations are very big, there are a lot of demands, media-wise, player-wise, that are all part of the job.”
Kubiak's predecessor in Denver, John Fox, needed a four-week break after undergoing heart surgery that he wanted to put off, but could not. Bill Parcells, Dan Reeves, Mike Ditka – yes, you could fill a wing in the Hall of Fame with coaches who've had heart problems while doing the job. Just this season, Arizona's Bruce Arians, Minnesota's Mike Zimmer and Todd Bowles of the Jets have all made unexpected trips to the hospital.
It's no stretch to say that only one job – Denver – and one person – Elway – could've led Kubiak back into the pressure cooker of head coaching. After getting fired from Houston, he ignored Texans owner Bob McNair's advice and kept right on working, heading to Baltimore as offensive coordinator. He thought he'd work there for a few years, then head off to his ranch in Texas and call it a career.
But the phone rang. And it was Elway.
”I said, `Dammit, you picked up the phone and called me,”' Kubiak said. ”Thank God he did.”
That ring of the phone produced a Super Bowl ring.
During one of the most stressful seasons a coach could imagine, Kubiak pushed every right button, deftly maneuvering through Peyton Manning's injury plagued, un-Peyton-like final year in football.
There was no encore, and for those looking for the beginning of the end, Oct. 9 after a home loss to the Falcons is as good a point as any. Kubiak was back in the hospital, this time diagnosed with a complex migraine headache. On doctor's orders, he took a week off, then was told not to undertake the same workload when he returned.
He called Elway to his hotel room during Christmas week in Kansas City. He spoke to Elway as a friend, not an employee, and told him it was over. The team sent him out a winner Sunday, with a 24-6 victory over Oakland.
Sticking around for more wasn't realistic for Kubiak given the modern-day job requirements of an NFL head coach: There's film study, game-planning, personnel evaluation, media obligations, offseason workouts, training camp and, oh yes, maintaining some semblance of family life while also trying to keep all 100 players, coaches and staff in your work family moving in the same direction. Brutal as all that is in any of the 32 NFL cities, it's even more taxing under the watch of a Hall of Fame quarterback who only counts Super Bowl trophies.
”This is a great place to work,” Elway said, ”but the expectations are high.”
And Kubiak wasn't crazy about delegating authority.
And so, he left.
His final farewell, and his final thank you, came as he blew kiss toward the back of the room – to his wife, Rhonda – then choked back the tears.
”She kept me in one piece a long time,” Kubiak said. ”I'm coming home. It probably scares the hell out of you. But I'm coming home.”
That he's coming home healthy, and by his own choice, might be his biggest win of all.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Eddie Pells on Twitter: http://twitter.com/epells
If you want a say in who becomes Georgia's next governor, you might want to check your voter status.
Tuesday, April 24, is the deadline to register to vote in the General Primary Election on May 22.
There are also a number of other races that will be on the ballot, including Lt. Governor, and for seats in the Georgia General Assembly.
The primary will determine who will be on the ballot for the November 6 General Election.
The last day for a person to register to vote for the November General Election and Runoff Election will be October 9, 2018.
Click here for more on this story.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
WATERLOO, Iowa — Iowa wildlife experts have released two squirrels after a vet removed electrical zip ties from around their necks, including one with a bell attached.
Dreama Bartz with the Black Hawk Wildlife Rehabilitation Project said Wednesday that she trapped the animals this month after a Waterloo resident called to report the apparent cruelty.
A vet helped to remove the ties and determined the squirrels were not hurt before they were released back into the neighbourhood where they were found.
Bartz thinks a resident captured the squirrels as infants and let them go months later, after realizing the frisky pair wouldn't work as pets.
She thinks the zip ties and bell were ways to keep track of them.
Bartz says the squirrels could have been choked by the ties as they grew.
Despite all the warning of a robot apocalypse in popular culture, there are still ample companies working at the bleeding edge of robotics. One day, the robots will take our jobs, but hopefully not our lives. Advances in robotics could also usher in a new era for humanity, freeing us from menial labor once and for all. These are the five most promising companies hastening that day. You probably haven't encountered any robots from these firms, but it's only a matter of time.
Boston Dynamics
This former Google company (now owned by Japan's Softbank) is probably the closest to being a household name. Boston Dynamics has made waves with its sometimes creepy but always fascinating walking robots. It has excelled at designing machines that can walk, run, and even jump like humans. You can give the Boston Dynamics Atlas robot a shove, and it won't even fall over. This technology will be vital in the future if we want robots to operate reliably in a world built for humans.
Touch Bionics
It's easy to get caught up in looking ar robots acting like humans and forget that robotics can also apply to human prosthetics. Touch Bionics is in the business of making incredible prosthetic upper limbs (i.e. hands) with individually articulating fingers called i-Limb Quantum. Some versions accommodate partial hand amputations, and others go all the way up to above the elbow. There are even smartphone apps for the limbs that can toggle different grip modes.
Liquid Robotics
Many robots focus on the land, but most of the planet is covered with water. Liquid Robotics recognizes that, so it has designed autonomous, wave-powered ocean drones. In 2013, one of its vessels set a world record for the longest distance covered by an autonomous vehicle. It traveled all the way from California to Australia. Today, the company has hundreds of “Wave Glider” robots in its fleet, which customers contract to conduct environmental surveys, monitoring offshore installations, and more.
Stanley Robotics
Finding parking spots can be a real nightmare, but a robot from Stanley Robotics might be able to solve this problem. The company is building giant autonomous forklifts that will staff parking garages to pick up and store cars with Tetris-like precision. The “Stan” robot works with all kinds of cars, and you don't have to leave your keys with anyone. You just schedule a time to get your car back, and Stan will haul it over to the exit. The company says its robots will be able to increase parking capacity by 50 percent.
Miso Robotics
Some of those jobs robots take from humans will probably be in food service, and Miso Robotics is showing us how that could happen. Miso has designed a burger-flipping robot that goes by the incredibly appropriate name Flippy. The robot uses cameras and thermal sensors to identify burgers on its grill and figure out when they're done. It can also add cheese and deposit the cooked patties in specific places for human workers to grab. The company expects to roll out 50 of the robots by next year.
Golfchannel.com's Will Gray and Ryan Lavner check in from Erin Hills with the latest news and notes on the eve of the 117th U.S. Open. Listen to the latest episodes by subscribing to the podcast.
Kevin Durant thinks Kyrie Irving is better than Allen Iverson
Kevin Durant thinks his generation has an answer to The Answer.
In an appearance on the self-titled podcast of The Ringer's Bill Simmons on Tuesday, Durant applauded the greatness of Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving and compared him to another great combo guard in Allen Iverson.
“I was telling some of my friends after Game 2, I was like, Kyrie, he just makes you happy when you watch him play,” said the newly-minted NBA Finals MVP, per Ryne Nelson of SLAM Online. “You just smile when you watch him play because for somebody to be that skilled, you know he had to work tirelessly at it. The stuff he has in his package is next-level stuff that you can try to teach your kids to do it, but you'll never be able to do it.
“Kyrie is better than AI to me,” Durant continued. “I'm going from like skill for skill. His handle is better. We might have to cut that out. I want no problems with AI. Y'all might have to cut that one. I don't want that to get out. I'm just saying I feel like Kyrie got more skill.”
Durant just finished his first-ever playoff series against Irving, who averaged 29.4 points per game on 47.2 percent shooting and 41.9 percent from three in it. It's worth noting that Durant also played against Iverson, albeit only in the regular season and not until Iverson's last few years in the league.
Both Irving and Iverson are/were elite scoring two-guards trapped in the role/body of a point guard. Irving might have the better overall handle, inside finishing ability, and three-point shot, but his first step, crossover, heart, and athleticism don't quite compare to Iverson's. AI also played in a much more physical, slower-paced era and never had a teammate close to the level of LeBron James (with all due respect to Denver Nuggets Carmelo Anthony). While Durant is no stranger to controversial opinions, for the rest of us, the “right” answer probably has something to do with who you grew up watching.
Apple has agreed to dip into its multibillion-dollar cash pile to pay Ireland $15.4 billion in back taxes — a ruling CEO Tim Cook has called “total political crap.”
Here's the catch — Ireland doesn't want Apple's money; the European Commission is forcing the Emerald Isle to collect it. The funds will go into an escrow account while Ireland appeals the decision and will be released after the General Court of the European Union makes the final call, according to a statement from the Irish Finance Ministry.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Apple iPhone X attracts long lines of eager buyers (even at $999) 0:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Apple was slapped with the record-setting tax bill last year after a multi-year investigation by the Brussels-based European Commission determined Apple had benefited from unfair tax loopholes allowing the iPhone maker to pay less tax than other businesses. Ireland was ordered to collect back taxes for 2003-2014, putting Apple's new tax bill at a steep €13 billion [$15.4 billion.]
The Commission said Apple was able to pay an effective corporate tax rate of 1 percent on its European profits in 2003. In 2014, that shrunk to 0.005 percent for Apple Sales International, an Irish incorporated arm of Apple.
At issue is whether Apple avoided tax on its foreign profits, which were recorded by its Irish subsidiaries and lightly taxed. This amounts to unfair state aid, according to the Commission.
Apple is sitting on at least $261.5 billion in cash, according to its most recent earnings report. A $15.4 billion payment certainly won't sink the tech titan, but for some perspective, that's the entire value of Twitter.
In an interview with the Irish Independent last year, CEO Tim Cook called the ruling “total political crap.”
“No one did anything wrong here and we need to stand together. Ireland is being picked on and this is unacceptable,” Cook said.
Related: Did Facebook underreport its tax bill — by billions of dollars?
Apple did not immediately respond to NBC News' request for comment. When Ireland's tax laws changed in 2015, Apple changed its corporate structure in the country to comply. Since then, Apple has been paying 12.5 percent tax — Ireland's statutory rate — according to a newsroom post from the company. Worldwide, Apple has an effective tax rate of 24.6 percent — a number the company says is higher than many other multi-nationals.
The European Commission's decision is also raising questions about sovereignty. In a statement posted online last year, Apple said the Commission's ruling is “effectively proposing to replace Irish tax laws with a view of what the Commission thinks the law should have been… This would strike a devastating blow to the sovereignty of E.U. member states over their own tax matters, and to the principle of certainty of law in Europe."
The Emerald Isle has positioned itself over the past two decades as an attractive place for international companies, especially those in the technology sector, to set up their European headquarters, largely due to its low corporate tax rate.
Intel and Apple were some of the first American behemoths to set up shop in the country. Since then, Google, Facebook, Airbnb, and others have followed suit.
Apple is the world's largest tax payer.
0:38
Developers bought out this old condo in Brickell. Now they plan to tear it down
Winner of the 2015 FT & McKinsey Business Book of the Year Award
A New York Times Bestseller
Top Business Book of 2015 at Forbes
One of NBCNews.com 12 Notable Science and Technology Books of 2015
What are the jobs of the future? How many will there be? And who will have them? As technology continues to accelerate and machines begin taking care of themselves, fewer people will be necessary. Artificial intelligence is already well on its way to making good jobs” obsolete: many paralegals, journalists, office workers, and even computer programmers are poised to be replaced by robots and smart software. As progress continues, blue and white collar jobs alike will evaporate, squeezing working- and middle-class families ever further. At the same time, households are under assault from exploding costs, especially from the two major industrieseducation and health carethat, so far, have not been transformed by information technology. The result could well be massive unemployment and inequality as well as the implosion of the consumer economy itself. The past solutions to technological disruption, especially more training and education, aren't going to work. We must decide, now, whether the future will see broad-based prosperity or catastrophic levels of inequality and economic insecurity. Rise of the Robots is essential reading to understand what accelerating technology means for our economic prospectsnot to mention those of our childrenas well as for society as a whole.
Learn More and Buy Now
BERLIN — A closely watched survey showed a bigger-than-expected drop in German business confidence amid worries about international trade tensions, but Tuesday's report doesn't necessarily signal any serious problems for Europe's biggest economy.
The Ifo institute said its barometer of managers' sentiment in Germany declined to 102.1 points for April from 103.3 last month. Economists had expected a more modest dip to 102.8.
Ifo found that managers' view of both their current situation and the outlook for the next six months has darkened.
Germany, one of the world's biggest exporters, is concerned about the implications of trade disputes between the U.S., China and others. The European Union is seeking a continued exemption from new tariffs imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump on steel and aluminum imports.
On top of those concerns, data on German factory orders and trade for the first two months of this year have been disappointing.
However, Carsten Brzeski, an economist at ING-DiBa in Frankfurt, argued that talk of a slowdown is premature. He pointed to one-time effects such as harsh winter weather and high levels of sick leave due to a flu outbreak.
“Fundamentals are actually pointing to solid growth in the coming months, albeit less dynamic than last year,” he said in a research note. “Inventories seem to have bottomed out and trade tensions, though mainly noise not facts up to now, have somewhat dented last year's optimism.”
The Ifo index has been expanded starting this month to include the service sector as well as its longtime mainstays — manufacturing, trade and construction. It is now based on monthly responses from some 9,000 companies.
Tuesday's was the fifth consecutive monthly drop in the index, according to figures adjusted to reflect the inclusion of services.
Although we rarely hear about it, typosquatting has been around for years. The scam is “definitely getting worse,” according to John Breyault, who runs the National Consumers League's Fraud.org website, which recently issued a fraud alert about the scam.
“You may go to a site that looks totally legitimate, but when you enter your Social Security number, bank account number or passwords, you're giving scammers access to those websites where they can transfer funds, set up lines of credit or access your email and start using it for phishing attacks,” Breyault told NBC News.
Researchers recently documented a “vast network of potentially malicious websites … that mimic some of the world's most popular destinations,” according to the website KrebsOnSecurity.com, which investigates cybercrime. Many of these domains — about 1,500 — appear to be tied to a Colorado-based marketing company whose CEO is a convicted felon, Krebs reports.
“I bet there are a dozen or more operators like this out there bringing millions of people into their typosquatting domains,” Brian Krebs told NBC News.
Matthew Chambers, a security expert in Atlanta, discovered and documented a typosquatting network, estimating that these sites were visited nearly 12 million times during the first three months of 2018. That would be almost 50 million hits for the entire year.
And while everyone who lands on such sites won't have a problem, many visitors do get burned by getting lured into a tech support scam, Chambers told NBC News.
“In my testing, a good amount of the time you're redirected to web pages that lock up your computer, display messages that say there's a problem with your computer, and then lead you into this cycle of fraud,” he said.
Don't forget the ‘o' in .com
Chambers started his investigation when some of his clients had problems — endless pop-up ads, including bogus security alerts about malware — after they went to various well-known websites. It turns out that they had forgotten the “o” in .com and had typed .cm, landing on sites such as espn.cm, chase.cm, turbotax.cm, and Walmart.cm. The .cm domain is actually for Cameroon.
“This is just hiding in plain sight,” Chambers said. “I don't think anybody would care much if they were just asking you to take an innocuous survey. But what I've seen is a pattern of malicious websites being served up this way.”
Chambers was able to determine who visited these .cm sites in the first three months of 2018 and he found various government agencies, including NASA, the Department of Justice, and the Central Intelligence Agency. In many cases, a mistyped domain address took these users to porn sites, Chambers noted.
All URL typos can be dangerous
Typosquatting is not limited to omitting the “o” in .com. All sorts of mistakes can send you in the wrong direction. Forgetting the “c” in .com and typing .om can take you to typosquatting sites that use the domain for Oman.
A recent blog post by MacAfee warning about the dangers of typosquatting explained how scammers used the .om domain several years ago to hijack Netflix users. Those who typed in Netflix.om instead of Netflix.com were infected with malware.
“People suck at typing,” said Nicolas Christin, associate research professor at Carnegie Mellon University's School of Computer Science. “You don't pay attention to what you're doing, and you wind up on one of these websites that's impersonating the website you really wanted to go to.”
It's very easy to create a domain name that resembles a legitimate one, but is just one letter or digit off, such as Gmal instead of Gmail.
“It's low cost and high reward. And it does not require any technical expertise whatsoever,” Christin told NBC News. “All you need to do is register the domain name that you're targeting. For any given domain name there are a number of typos that are easy to derive from it.”
For example: Paypak for Paypal because the k and l are next to each other on the keyboard. Or Paypa1 (a former phishing website) because the l and a 1 look so much alike.
Protect Yourself
Typosquatting is a devious practice because security software cannot prevent you from misspelling a web address and browsers will not always provide a warning about dangerous sites. Also, it's not always easy to spot a look-alike site should you accidentally land on one.
“At the end of the day, you need to be careful about what you type and take some simple steps to protect yourself,” Fraud.org's Breyault said.
Fraud.org suggests:
Always double-check the address: Before hitting enter, make sure you did not make a mistake. Taking the time to do so can save you the heartache of having your identity stolen or prevent you from purchasing counterfeit products at inflated prices.
Bookmark your favorite websites: Once you are positive that the address you entered is correct, bookmark it. Doing this will save you the time of proofreading each web address and is particularly worthwhile for websites that have access to your financial information.
Use a search engine: When in doubt, use a search engine rather than guessing the web address. Even then, be careful.
Be wary of links found in social media posts: They can often lead to typosquatters.
If you discover that you have visited a typosquatter's site and you entered passwords on that site, change them right away.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File). FILE - In this Feb. 27, 2017 file photo, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington.During a news conference at the shooting scene in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, McAuliffe dec...
By JULIE BYKOWICZAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Whatever the motive of the shooter at a congressional baseball practice, some Republicans say that in the era of President Donald Trump, they're being threatened like never before.
They point to a virulent backlash against Trump that they say goes beyond the bounds of moderate political dissent and - subtly or not - encourages violence.
"I've been saying, 'What is it going to take for this to get some visibility,'" said Charlie Kirk, a young conservative activist. "And now here we are."
During a news conference at the shooting scene Wednesday, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, declined to comment about whether America's political climate could be a factor. But he said, "There's too much, I believe, raw discourse that's pulling people apart."
The gunman, identified as James T. Hodgkinson, opened fire Wednesday on Republican lawmakers and associates practicing baseball in a Virginia suburb of Washington. A top House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, and several others were wounded, Scalise critically. Trump said the gunman had been killed.
Police haven't stated a motive. But Hodgkinson's strong anti-Republican stances and background as a former volunteer on Bernie Sanders campaign only added to suggestions that the shooting was politically motivated.
Such an assessment could be premature. Some initially attributed the 2011 shooting of Rep. Gabby Giffords, an Arizona Democrat, to intense partisanship, though no clear motive emerged at the gunman's trial.
Speaking from the White House after the shooting, Trump called for unity and avoided singling out Democrats. Yet prominent Republicans, including Trump's children, have long been unsettled by the rage against the president. Daughter and White House adviser Ivanka Trump said in a recent television interview that she did not expect the "viciousness" and "ferocity" of her father's critics.
Donald Trump Jr. is among those arguing that "liberal hate speech" leads to violence. He tweeted support for a comment by conservative political consultant Harlan Hill: "Events like today are EXACTLY why we took issue with NY elites glorifying the assassination of our president."
He was referring to a New York City production of "Julius Caesar" that portrays the assassinated title character looking like Trump in a business suit. That came on the heels of comedian Kathy Griffin posing with a bloodied rendering of Trump's head.
In both cases, there were consequences: lost sponsorships for the theatrical production and CNN dropping Griffin as host of its New Year's Eve special, despite her apology.
Kirk has been chronicling threats that get little attention outside conservative media.
John Griffin, a media arts and animation professor at the Art Institute of Washington, for example, commented on Facebook about the Republican health care plan, saying: "They should be lined up and shot. That's not hyperbole; blood is on their hands."
When Kirk tweeted about the professor's threat, the University of Georgia chapter of the Young Democratic Socialists, a student group at the Athens campus, wrote, "This is absolutely outrageous! House Republicans should NOT be shot! They should be guillotined."
Griffin later apologized on Facebook for using "inappropriate" language, but said it spoke to "the fear so many feel right now in this country." Neither he nor the student group responded to requests for comment.
Democrats, in turn, point to Trump's rough language - he has urged on fights at his rallies - as justification for their own. And on Wednesday, House Democratic leader James Clyburn of South Carolina said plenty of Democrats have experienced the level of hatred as Republicans.
"I'm not a Republican. And I've had all kinds of threats against me and my family," he said. "It's got nothing to do with partisan politics."
Ben Shapiro, a conservative writer and radio show host, says the violent rhetoric from all viewpoints contributes to "worse politics in general." But he warns it is a mistake to say that atmospherics causes any one act of violence.
"Yes, that sort of rage culture is destroying the country," he said. What happened at the ballfield is "a symptom, but it's not the chief symptom."
Later Wednesday, Republican Rep. Claudia Tenney of New York reported to Capitol Police that she'd received a threatening email with the subject line, "One down, 216 to go." There were 217 Republicans who voted for a health care bill to replace President Barack Obama's plan, though the email did not explicitly refer to that bill.
This year, lawmakers, particularly Republicans, have experienced rowdy, overflowing town halls that they say border on dangerous. In previous years, Democrats found themselves targeted by angry conservative constituents.
Rep. Dave Brat, a Virginia Republican, said he has been concerned that security for members is "nothing near what it needs to be." He said town halls now often include "a thousand people screaming, and it only takes one person off the reservation" to cause a problem.
___
Associated Press writers Bill Barrow in Atlanta, Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix, and Alan Fram in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Public Radio personality Ira Flatow was recently in St. Louis for a short visit. On September 19 Flatow moderated a panel for the Washington University Assembly Series, around the topic of climate change. Flatow discussed with climate scientists how studying past and present climate conditions can lead to the development of future strategies to protect the earth.
He also took the time to meet with St. Louis Public Radio donors. On September 19, Cornerstone Society members Mary and Steve Schoolman hosted a private reception at their home for Ira and about 50 guests.
Ira spoke of his more than 35 years of work in public radio, from his early career as a science reporter for NPR, and 25 years as the host of Science Friday, Public Radio's International's acclaimed weekly talk show. He also recounted one of his most memorable NPR stories, in which he took former All Things Considered host Susan Stamberg into a closet to crunch Wint-O-Green Lifesavers, proving they spark in the dark.
Science Friday can be heard on St. Louis Public Radio each Friday at 1:00-2:00 pm, and from 8:00 to 10:00 pm.
Tom Brady, the star football New England Patriots quarterback married to supermodel Gisele Bundchen, saw fit to share his wellness tips in a freshly released book called The TB12 Method: How to Achieve a Lifetime of Sustained Peak Performance on Tuesday. The man is largely considered a perfect specimen of physical fitness. Problem is, some of these tips don't really consider medical expertise.
Take his claim that drinking water prevents sunburn. Here's an excerpt on the matter, published in Sports Illustrated:
"When I was growing up, and playing outside in the sun, I got sunburned a lot. I was a fair-skinned Irish boy, after all. These days, even if I get an adequate amount of sun, I won't get a sunburn, which I credit to the amount of water I drink. I always hydrate afterward, too, to keep my skin from peeling. When I once told that to my sister, she said, 'You mean I don't have to use all those moisturizers and facial products to keep my skin looking good? I should just drink as much water as you do? I think you should market your TB12 Electrolytes as a beauty product.' I just laughed."
Now let's debunk this non-truth, step-by-step.
Fair-skinned people do tend to burn more easily than darker-skinned people. That's because they have less melanin, a protein produced by skin cells that gives skin its color. Melanin protects the skin from harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays the sun radiates, according to the American Academy of Dermatology. Melanin also builds over time, through daily exposure to the sun. This is why, when you get a “base tan,” your skin might be less likely to burn than it did initially. What's likely happening with Tom is that — football being an outdoor sport and all — he's always playing outside and thus his fair, Irish skin has grown a little more resistant to sunburn through constant exposure, or his “base tan.”
By Abby Hassler
Halsey is not one to endure injustice quietly. The “Now or Never” singer has joined forces with Center for Health and Gender Equity to speak out against the Trump administration's Global Gag Rule and support the Global HER Act.
Related: Halsey Interview: I will Never Get Used to People Liking My Music
In a new video produced by ART NOT WAR, Halsey speaks about the life-threatening consequences the rule can have for women around the world. Trump's rule prevents organizations from receiving U.S. family planning funding if they educate the public or their government about the need for safe abortion services.
Halsey has already been vocal online about women's rights, but now is urging people to voice their support of the new bill introduced Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Representative Nita Lowey.
Watch the full video here.
The City Council got into all things automotive at its Feb. 6 meeting at City Hall.
Among the issues the council tackled were the looming I-405 expansion project, the purchase of a new fire engine and laying groundwork to construct up to 115 paid parking spots in the city.
At the 4 p.m. study session, Jeff Mills, the Orange County Transit Authority project manager for the I-405 Improvement Project, updated the council on the effort. The $1.9 billion, six-year, design-and-build project, which will widen a 16-mile segment from Costa Mesa to Seal Beach, is underway.
A final contract was signed and executed that makes OC 405 Partners, a team of corporations, the designer and builder of the project.
Mills said construction, which will start with demolition and rebuilding bridges along the freeway, will begin late this year and “in earnest” in 2018.
When completed, ostensibly in the summer of 2023, the project will have added one general-use and one express lane in each direction. The express lanes, which will be walled off from general lanes, will be free to use for carpools for 31/2 years, and then will be converted into toll lanes.
A number of council members renewed their objections to the plan, including the limited access to the express lanes. Erik Peterson issued a common complaint about making a carpool lane, paid for by tax money, into a toll lane.
“Your taking (the lane) from us and then charging us for it. I think it's horrible,” he said. “Thanks for your presentation. I still don't like it.”
Peterson also questioned the timeline for the project and what guarantees are in place to ensure deadlines are met. Mills said the builders would have to pay $140,000 for each day construction goes past its deadline.
 In other automotive issues, the council voted 5-2 to spend $1.1 million for a new fire engine and ambulance. The measure had been continued from Jan. 17, when Peterson asked the Fire Department for additional data to justify the need for the new equipment.
Fire Chief David Segura told the council the model of the fire engine to be replaced was the “workhorse” of the department. The truck to be removed from the fleet, he said, had a 21-year-old motor and drive train, and the cab, chassis and pumps were 16 years old.
He said the department on average replace its fire engines and ambulances every 15.8 years. Most important, Segura said, was the safety of both the public and firefighters, who depended on reliable equipment.
Peterson and Lyn Semeta opposed the purchase. Semeta said she was opposed, in part, because this year's replacement was the first of four that will be requested in successive years.
 The city asked the council to amend the municipal code to include locations for future parking meters in the downtown area that would allow for more than 100 additional metered spaces. The city has been eying lots on the Atlantic and Walnut avenues and First Street, as well as a stretch of Delaware Street bordering a mobile home park. All three area are currently unused.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7964gmellen@scng.com
Sotnikov Mikhail/Shutterstock
Not a morning person? Don't blame you. But if waking up an hour earlier sounds like a form of medieval torture, you might want to give it another shot. New research suggests that people who have sex in the morning reap some pretty incredible benefits, and you're totally missing out. (Here are even more unexpected health benefits you get from sex.)
Researchers at Forza Supplements, a health and fitness company, monitored the circadian rhythms of 1,000 people and asked them to track the times where they felt they got the most out of daily activities like exercising, eating meals, and having sex.
Most people reported that having sex at 7:30 in the morning reduced their stress levels for the rest of the day. And since men's testosterone levels peak in the a.m., that mood-boosting sex session will probably last longer, too. (Judging by how long sex lasts for the average couple, that's a definite plus.) Gives a whole new meaning to the term “rise and shine,” doesn't it?
“While no two people are the same, these were found to be the very best times for the average person to do the key activities which make for a healthy and happy life,” Forza Supplements managing director Lee Smith told The Sun. “Making small adjustments to your routine can really help you lose weight, get fitter, be more effective at work and even a better lover.”
Can't argue with that! But you might want to consider “getting it on” twice in one day, because science says this is the best time of day to have sex.
Source: Men's Health
OSHKOSH, Wis. — Josh Petruccelli and Jawanza Evans-Morris ran for two touchdowns each and second-seeded Mount Union rallied from 25 points down in the second half to defeat No. 3 Wisconsin-Oshkosh 43-40 on Saturday when the Titans missed a 46-yard field goal attempt on the final play of the D-III semifinal.
The Purple Raiders (14-0), in the semifinals for the 23rd straight year, go after their 13th title on Friday in the Amos Alonzo Stagg Bowl in Salem, Virginia. They face top-seeded Mary Hardin-Baylor (13-0).
D'Angelo Fulford threw for a touchdown and ran for another for Mount Union, who trailed 35-10 after the Titans (12-1) scored two quick touchdowns in the third quarter.
The Raiders rallied quickly with three touchdowns in less than five minutes but trailed 35-30 on a failed two-point conversion.
Oshkosh responded with a 35-yard field goal by Turner Geisthardt to make it 38-30 with 14:51 to play. Again Mount Union responded with Petruccelli scoring on a 1-yard run but Fulford fumbled on the tying two-point attempt and Derrick Jennings Jr. took it all the way back for a two-point defensive PAT and Oshkosh led 40-36 with 9:36 left.
A wild sequence set up the win with Louis Berry returning a Brett Kasper interception 20 yards to the Oshkosh 45. He fumbled but recovered the ball at the Oshkosh 40. Evans-Morris cashed in with a 1-yard run at 5:41.
Kasper was picked again but the defence held and the Titans got the ball back at their 15 with 2:24 to go. Converting two fourth downs and a third down, they got to the 28, where Geisthardt's field goal attempt came up short.
Fulford was 28 of 42 for 330 yards. Jared Ruth had 11 catches for 130 yards and Just Hill six for 102. Petruccelli ran for 132 yards and the Raiders finished with 542 yards.
Kasper, who entered the game with 32 touchdown passes and just four interceptions, threw for 297 yards and two scores but had the two late picks. Sam Mentkowski had seven receptions for 190 yards, including an 86-yard touchdown that helped Oshkosh take a 21-10 lead at the half.
STATE OF MINNESOTA
COUNTY OF ANOKA
DISTRICT COURT
TENTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT
Case No: 02-CV-17-4066
Nadiya Tinsley-Graham,
Petitioner,
Vs.
Lamont Travis Burgess, Respondent.
TO: Lamont Travis Burgess, THE ABOVE NAMED RESPONDENT:
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the Respondent personally appear and show cause, before the above named Court, at the Anoka County Courthouse, 325 East Main Street, Anoka, Minnesota 55303 on October 16, 2017, at 9:00, (a.m.) why the relief sought in the Petition for Order for Harassment should not be granted.
Failure to appear at the scheduled hearing may result in the granting of the relief sought by the Petition as a default matter. Failure to appear will not be a defense to prosecution for violation of the Courts Order.
DATED: September 25, 2017
BY ORDER OF THE COURT
LORI OBRIEN,
COURT ADMINISTRATOR
BY: S.L. Edstrom,
Deputy
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6, 2017
740488
Have you ever wondered how many people were watching the same video as you at the same time? Well, if YouTube's test goes as it should, you may not have to for very long. The latest YouTube server-side test we've spotted brings live watch counts to the Android app.
Guys, IT CAN DO IT!!!
The new test is self-explanatory; it'll show you how many people are currently watching the video that you're watching. The text is positioned below the title and above the like/dislike buttons, but it's small and light enough that it isn't a huge distraction. We've had two readers send the screenshots you see above in. Nobody on our team was fortunate enough to have been selected by Google for this particular test.
This feature differs from those of other YouTube server-side tests in that it's something that we actually haven't seen on the web version of YouTube before. There are numerous sites for live subscriber counts, but this is the first time we're seeing this kind of information displayed. It's pretty cool, and we hope that it rolls out to more people soon.
Presbyterian Manor is inviting community members to thank a veteran who lives there.
The goal is to get 300 cards filed out so each veteran will receive three to four cards.
Here is what you can do; head to presmanor.org, choose a card design you like, type in a personal note about how your freedom makes you feel.
These cards will be printed out and delivered to residents on July 3.
You have from today until June 28 to fill out these cards.
The gesture is free of charge and can make Independence Day special for veterans in Presbyterian Manor.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
Borussia Dortmund head coach Thomas Tuchel highlighted Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's body language as the reason for the star's surprise withdrawal during Tuesday's Champions League loss at Benfica.
Aubameyang endured a forgettable outing as Dortmund went down 1-0 in Lisbon in the opening leg of their last-16 tie.
The 27-year-old forward, who leads the Bundesliga with 17 goals, missed a second-half penalty and spurned two excellent chances before he was substituted in the 62nd minute on a dismal night at Estadio da Luz.
Perhaps before talking about a move away from Dortmund, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang might want to tuck away a few more chances for them first? — Archie Rhind-Tutt (@archiert1) February 14, 2017
And Dortmund head coach Tuchel explained Aubameyang's early withdrawal as the German visitors attempted to cancel out Kostas Mitroglou's opener.
"Aubameyang is not fully fit after the African Nations Cup," Tuchel said via UEFA.com.
"His body language did not suggest that he would do better after giving away the penalty."
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he's returning for another year
Biafra: No Igbo will be intimidated in Yobe – Gov. Gaidam
Governor Ibrahim Gaidam of Yobe state has reacted to recent threats to Igbo people living in the North to leave the area. Governor Gaidam said he considered the threat against the Igbo as unfortunate, unlawful, and unwarranted. According to him, like other Nigerians, the Igbos had a right that was fully guaranteed by the constitution […]
Biafra: No Igbo will be intimidated in Yobe – Gov. Gaidam
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A man who police say broke into an apartment near Youngstown State University was caught through the efforts of Youngstown police and the campus police department.
Youngstown police officers were called about 7:31 Monday to an apartment in the 800 block of Ohio Avenue after a man came home and found that his apartment has been broken into.
The victim told police a Macbook computer and 2 iPhones were missing. As police were taking inventory of the missing items, a witness said they saw someone running out of the back of the building. Officer started chasing the man, later identified as 19-year-old Odice Anderson, Jr. YSU police were notified of the chase and were able to catch Anderson in the 700 block of Wick Avenue.
Police say they found a laptop and phones matching the description of the stolen items in a parking lot on Elm Street.
Anderson was arrested and charged with burglary.
In the quarter century since Honda's Type R series arrived on the scene, it's become renowned for its speed, eye-catching style and leading-edge engineering.
The 2017 Civic Type R raises the bar even further. It recently set a record at the legendary Nurburgring circuit – beating its nearest competitor by more than three seconds – officially making it the fastest front-wheel drive.
Great power, of course, requires great control. And the Civic Type R has it in buckets, with a host of latest-generation, intelligent electronics designed to improve the driving experience.
Take, for example, its three driving modes: Sport, Comfort and +R. The car starts in Sport mode by default, but on each side of it is Comfort and +R, in which the aggression of the dampers, throttle response and steering weight are ramped up (+R) or down (Comfort).
Then there's the aerodynamics. The Civic Type R's front splitter manages airflow and creates downforce on the front axle, improving road holding.
We caught up with a Honda expert to find out more about the engineering that went into creating this icon of road and track.
President Donald Trump — poised to approve the release of a classified memo about the Russia investigation — on Friday ripped the ongoing probe, accusing top law enforcement officials of favoring Democrats.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans — something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago,” Trump tweeted. “Rank & File are great people!” he added.
In a second tweet, Trump quoted from a recent speech by Tom Fitton, the president of the conservative watchdog operation Judicial Watch.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House moves toward release of controversial Russia memo 3:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“‘You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team,' Tom Fitton, JW” Trump wrote in his tweet.
The president's posts come amid news that he is expected to tell the House Intelligence Committee that he does not object to the release of a classified memo about the Russia investigation that examines how the FBI eavesdrops on suspects in national security investigations.
A decision not to block the memo's release would go against warnings from law enforcement officials — the FBI has said it has "grave concerns" about the memo's accuracy — as well as Democrats, who contend the memo is aimed at distorting the federal probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One on Thursday, a senior White House official said the White House has had time over the last couple of days to look over the memo "to make sure it doesn't give away too much in terms of classification."
The official predicted that the White House would "tell the Congress, probably tomorrow, that the president is OK with it," but noted that the ultimate public disclosure of the memo is in the hands of Congress.
It was not immediately clear whether the memo would be redacted when it is made public.
Republican lawmakers in support of the memo's release say it examines how the FBI eavesdrops on suspects in national security investigations. They have also contended it shows corruption in the FBI, proving that special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation is based on a fraud.
Specifically, they say the memo shows that the FBI relied on an opposition research dossier paid for by Democrats to obtain a warrant to conduct secret surveillance on a Trump campaign aide, Carter Page.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Speaker Ryan says GOP memo does not challenge Mueller investigation 1:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
House Republicans voted to release the classified memo Monday night under a House rule that lawmakers say has not been used in modern times. The president has until Friday to object.
Democrats have called the memo a grossly distorted attack on the Mueller probe, which is investigating Trump's campaign for possible collusion with Russia and obstruction of justice, while Justice Department officials told NBC News that the issues raised in the memo are so highly classified that they may not be in a position to point out errors or misleading statements.
The FBI has said the memo is inaccurate and misleading and has launched a fairly extensive effort to prevent its release that has included an unusual unsigned statement and a visit to the White House by FBI Director Christopher Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein who asked Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, not to make the memo public.
Trump would have several options in how to move forward in making the memo public.
He could declassify the memo and then release it in whatever way the White House chooses, or he could declassify it and send it back to the House to handle the public disclosure.
If the president does declassify the memo, the House Intelligence Committee has more leeway to make the contents public as it chooses, and it is not required that the House be in session. Just how soon the House would release the material is not clear.
The president could also choose not to declassify the memo but notify the House he has no objection to its release. That would require that the memo be submitted to the Congressional Record or have a member read it on the floor, which would have to take place when the House is in session. That would likely occur Monday at the earliest.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of homeless children will be spending Christmas in Croydon's bed and breakfasts, hostels and other emergency housing, shocking new figures reveal.
A new report from homeless charity Shelter has laid bare the extent of child homelessness in the borough, with 3,726 kids living with their families in temporary accommodation at the end of June.
While that's down from 4,085 homeless children living in temporary accommodation in June 2016, it's still more than nine times as many as the 450 seen in 2012.
The majority of these homeless families are being put up in B&Bs and hostels - widely considered the worst type of temporary accommodation - and many for longer than six weeks.
During their investigation, Shelter found many families were living in a single room, with some parents forced to share a bed with their children, and only shared access to kitchen, toilet and bathroom facilities.
The charity's findings lay bare the psychological turmoil experienced by families living in these cramped conditions for often long periods of time.
Most parents felt their children's mental health had been badly affected, while many reported that their children's physical health had also worsened - often due to the poor state of their accommodation.
Meanwhile, children spoke about feeling anxious, afraid and ashamed, and talked about their school work suffering because of long journeys to school each day, poor and broken sleep, and having no space or quiet-time to do their homework.
Croydon has one of the worst problems with homelessness in the whole country, with an estimated 7,075 people in the borough classed as homeless overall - including people in temporary accommodation and those sleeping rough on the street.
(Image: Roger Arbon.)
That means one in every 54 people in Croydon is now homeless - one of the worst rates in England, and nearly four times as high as the national average.
However, these figures are likely to be inflated slightly by the presence of the Home Office's asylum screening unit in Croydon. Croydon Council can be legally required to house many arrivals in the borough, particularly children.
Last month, the council issued a desperate plea for more Government funds to help cope with a £3.1million spend on emergency payments to people at risk of losing their home, so they do not end up on the streets.
Across the country, an estimated 268,330 people are currently homeless, or one in every 206 people. Of those, 120,170 are children - the highest number of homeless children in a decade.
With so many children across both England and Croydon now facing homelessness, the charity is calling on the public to support its urgent Christmas appeal.
Polly Neate, chief executive of Shelter, said: “It's a national scandal that the number of homeless children in England has risen every year for the last decade. No child should have to spend Christmas without a home - let alone 120,000 children.
“Many of us will spend Christmas day enjoying all of the festive traditions we cherish, but sadly it'll be a different story for the children hidden away in cramped B&Bs or hostel rooms. Imagine living in a noisy strange place full of people you don't know, and waking up exhausted from having no choice but to share a bed with your siblings or parents.
“That's why our frontline advisers will continue to work tirelessly, including on Christmas day, to help more families fighting homelessness. But we can't do this alone. We're asking people to help a homeless family and make giving to Shelter their new Christmas tradition.”
To support Shelter's urgent Christmas appeal please visit www.shelter.org.uk or text SHELTER to 70080 to donate £3.
A federal judge has ruled in favor of a group of adult entertainers who claimed their rights were violated when police raided San Diego strip club where they worked.
An attorney for the women said the ruling essentially finds that the city's municipal code, which allows for inspections of police regulated businesses, violated the dancer's First Amendment rights.
But the judge stopped short of ruling on the claim that the city also violated the Fourth Amendment on unreasonable searches and seizures.
The San Diego City Attorney's office told 10News it's reviewing the ruling at this time and had no further comment.
The dancers are also seeking damages, which their attorney says will be decided when the matter goes to trial, but a date hasn't been set.
Please go to Rec Sports link below and click employment tab. Complete Application and email App & both Summers & Fall Schedules to deborah.l.green@ttu.edu. Available hours needed are Mon - Fri, 8-6. www.recsport.ttu.edu
Will hire by 5/5/17 for Summer and also for Fall. Must be available during holidays.
By Abby Hassler
Post Malone showed his love for his fans—and Popeye's biscuits—this past weekend at Coachella by ordering $8,000 worth of food from the fast-food chain at his platinum party for his Stoney album, according to TMZ.
Related: Post Malone Announces Headlining Tour Dates
The rapper ordered 10,000 Popeyes biscuits and used Postmates to deliver the food. In the video, the delivery guy's car looks to be completely packed with Popeyes boxes.
Think he'd be willing to share?
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
Police are appealing for information after vandals targeted a number of floral displays in the region.
The Times understands that a number of displays in Randalstown were damaged sometime on Saturday, August 12.
Appealing for information in a post on the PSNI Antrim Facebook page, a police spokesperson said: “I'm sure many of you have noticed how well the town is looking lately.
“Sadly, some folk aren't keen on it remaining that way.
“The volunteers who have dedicated their time, effort and money into the TIDY project woke this morning (Sunday) to discover yet more damage caused!
“If anyone has information regarding this damage, please contact police on 101, quoting Police ref 614 13/08/17.”
Condemning the incident, South Antrim UUP MLA, Steve Aiken said: “It is so disheartening to see the hard work of Randalstown volunteers being destroyed needlessly. Anyone with any information, please contact PSNI on 101. “
STRUTHERS, Ohio (WYTV) – Struthers scored on its first play from scrimmage and never let up, as the Wildcats defeated Campbell, 41-6, on Friday.
Nick Adams scored on a 75-yard TD run on the Wildcats opening play for a 7-0 lead.
Keyshawn Chism followed with a TD to make it 14-0.
JD Hall then hit Adams for a 21-yard TD pass, while Adrian Brown notched a 75-yard TD run of his own.
Read more: Week seven high school football stories
Campbell football schedule | Struthers football schedule
Important high school football links:
Scores | Standings | Schedules | Big 22
Price Of Fuel: Plane & Pilot Readers' Views
Does the cost of fuel affect how much you fly? Take our survey and tell us about your experiences.
By Plane & Pilot
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File). FILE - In this Sept. 8, 2016, file photo, first base umpire Dale Scott, left, signals an out next to home plate umpire Dan Iassogna, right, during a baseball game between the Seattle Mariners and the Texas Rangers in Sea...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File). FILE - In this Sept. 10, 2016, file photo, Arizona Diamondbacks' Chip Hale, right, argues with umpire Dale Scott after Diamondbacks' Welington Castillo was thrown out of the game for arguing during the 12th inning of ...
(Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP, File). FILE - In this April 14, 2017, file photo, home plate umpire Dale Scott is attended to on the field in the eighth inning after he was hit by a foul tip during a baseball game between the Toronto Blue Ja...
(AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File). FILE - In this Aug. 7, 2013, file photo, Major League Baseball umpire Dale Scott prepares to return to action after being injured in the second inning of a baseball game between the Mariners and Toronto Blue Jays in Se...
By BEN WALKER
AP Baseball Writer
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) - As a big league umpire, Dale Scott saw maybe 1 million pitches from the field. His final call, it turned out, was the easiest of all.
Rather than risk yet another concussion, Scott has decided to retire at 58.
"I'm done," he told The Associated Press.
The veteran crew chief missed nearly the entire 2017 season after a foul ball off the bat of Baltimore slugger Mark Trumbo in Toronto on April 14 caught him hard in the mask, causing Scott's second concussion in nine months and fourth in five years.
Within a few days, while undergoing treatment for head, neck and shoulder injuries, Scott realized it was the end of a major league career that began in 1985 and included three World Series assignments, three All-Star Games and 91 postseason games.
"In fact, it was pretty easy," he said. "I wasn't planning on this year being the last one. But I thought, this is a sign."
Especially when he asked three doctors about the possible long-term effects if he got jarred again.
"They said, 'We just don't know,'" Scott said. "But they told me that the more times you get hit, the more probability that you'll have issues."
This summer, he saw Bruno Mars and Green Day in concert, watched Fourth of July fireworks from a boat near his home in Portland, Oregon, and enjoyed more time with husband Michael Rausch.
They've been together since 1986 and were married in November 2013 in Palm Springs, California, by the city's mayor.
Scott came out as gay after the 2014 season. The next spring training, Reds outfielder Marlon Byrd gave Scott a big hug while trotting to the dugout.
"You're free, brother. I'm so proud of you," Byrd told him.
Says Scott: "I did feel free. I am who I am."
Scott's decision will resonate, said Billy Bean, Major League Baseball's vice president for social responsibility and inclusion. Bean came out as gay after his big league career ended in 1995.
"He has achieved everything in his umpiring career, and has carried himself with integrity and garnered the respect of his peers and MLB players," Bean said. "I am filled with pride as I reflect on all of his accomplishments. He's a pro's pro, who's been a wonderful example to the LGBT community and all sports fans."
"Years ago, Dale reached out to me after my personal story went public," he said. "If we had been able to have that conversation when I was still playing, I know it would have changed the course of my career. Dale's legacy will undoubtedly continue to inspire others to pursue their dreams, and I hope we see the results around MLB soon."
Scott worked 3,897 regular-season games and was a crew chief for 16 seasons, half his career.
"I was fortunate enough to have Dale as my crew chief for 10-plus years. A gifted umpire and true professional, he ran the crew with a smile as he mentored many of today's most successful umpires," fellow ump Dan Iassogna said.
"The courage that he showed in coming out while still working on the field is as much of an accomplishment as his many World Series and postseason assignments," he added.
Scott acknowledged his decision to retire might have been more difficult if his circumstances were different - say, he was 40 and hadn't worked the World Series.
Now, he walks away with his health intact. And if there were any doubts, he keeps the video of that last violent concussion on his cellphone.
MLB provides long-term disability for umpires who cannot work because of concussion effects, the same as it does for other permanent injuries.
Scott wonders about umpires who are cleared as part of the concussion protocol and then face the choice of continuing to work and risk further injury, or leaving the game.
"That needs to be addressed," he said. "Maybe my situation can be a catalyst for that."
His future will include rooting like crazy for the Oregon Ducks and, having been a Top 40 AM radio DJ in high school, perhaps some voice work.
Scott also can look back on all the games he did: Among them, he was the plate umpire for Scott Erickson's no-hitter, he worked a season-opening series in Australia, and was the last umpire to eject hot-tempered manager Billy Martin.
And there was that game at old County Stadium in 1986, when a big crowd turned out to welcome the hugely popular Gorman Thomas back to the Milwaukee Brewers.
The first time Thomas batted, Scott called strike three. The fading slugger went 0 for 4 and when he got rung up in his last at-bat, it was more than Thomas could take.
"It's my night," he pleaded with the rookie ump, "not yours!"
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On Wednesday January 10, Michael Dillard said he was having “the best day of his life.” According to his older sister Brittany Craft, he'd hung out with a friend, gone to church and was in a “really good mood.”
The next day -- Thursday -- the good mood continued.
Michael Dillard
“He went to school and everything was fine,” Brittany told Dateline. “He was being kind of obnoxious, but for him to be hyper and stuff is not unusual.”
Michael, 15, lived with his adopted mom and dad at their home in Calvin, West Virginia. Brittany lives just a few miles away and spoke to Michael almost every day.
Friday January 10 was no different in that regard. But when Michael and his mom came over after school, Brittany said his mood had changed.
“On Friday, when he got off the bus [from school], he was in a weird mood,” Brittany told Dateline. “He came over to my house and would hardly talk to me. He was acting kind of down.”
Michael and his mom left Brittany's and arrived back at their house around 4:30 p.m. After helping his mom carry some things from the car to the house, Michael ran behind the house.
“He didn't say anything, he just ran back there,” Brittany said her mom told her. “But he never came back.”
Brittany says her mom called her and Michael's dad to come over within a few minutes. By 5:00 p.m., they called 911 to report Michael missing.
Sgt. Bruce Clendenin with the West Virginia State Police told Dateline that officers responded to the Dillard's house right away. There was a storm coming, and they knew they only had a few hours until it was too dark to see.
“The temperature got to 22 degrees below zero that night,” Sgt. Clendenin told Dateline.
“It started raining really hard and it was foggy,” Brittany said. “We looked for him until 6:00 a.m. the next morning.”
In the weeks that followed, numerous dive teams, search crews, bloodhounds, and helicopters were dispatched to search for Michael, according to Sgt. Clendenin. They've all come up empty.
“We're going to widen the search again once the snow melts,” he told Dateline, adding that while “it's still an open investigation,” Michael is not considered an endangered missing person at this time.
Michael Dillard
“His jacket was found about a week and a half [after he disappeared] about 300 yards from the house,” Brittany told Dateline. “It wasn't muddy, it wasn't ripped up. It looked like he had just taken it off.”
“The jacket that was found concerns me,” private investigator John Bonazzo of Bonazzo & Suesli Investigative Solutions told Dateline. He's been working with the Dillard family, pro bono, to help find Michael.
“[The jacket] could have either been planted there later -- because that area had already been searched -- or there's also a phenomenon that occurs during hypothermia where people start to undress, because the body tricks you into thinking you're warm,” he added.
Private investigator Bonazzo said “hypothermia is definitely a possibility” in this case because of the harsh winter weather conditions of that night.
Brittany said her younger brother Michael only had $2 on him. He did have a cell phone, but he didn't take it with him.
Now, over two months later, Brittany says she and her family just want to talk to Michael.
“My family wants him to know we love him and we miss him, and we just want him to be OK,” she told Dateline.
Michael Dillard is described as being 5'5” tall and weighing 133 lbs. with brown hair and hazel eyes. He was last seen wearing a maroon t-shirt, blue jeans, and red shoes. He was also wearing a 3” silver cross on a silver chain. Private investigator Bonazzo is offering a $3,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Michael Dillard. If you have any information on Michael's whereabouts, please call the West Virginia State Police at 304-872-0800 or Investigator Bonazzo at 305-415-8920.
Police officer responding to a noise complaint has boxing match with teen in Mesquite, Texas. Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association
Michigan State student Connor Berry, 22, climbs on the table to protest the MSU board of trustees' unanimous vote to name former Gov. John Engler as their interim president, in East Lansing, Michigan, on Jan. 31.
MSU turned to a hard-nosed former governor and alumnus to right the ship following scathing criticism over former doctor Larry Nassar's ability to molest young female athletes for decades under the guise of medical treatment.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: atinkaonline.com
2017-10-06
Chief Justice, Justice Sophia Akuffo
Chief Justice, Justice Sophia Akuffo, has advised new lawyers to let their conducts demonstrate nobility since the law profession is a noble one.
The Chief justice gave the advice at a ceremony to induct over 183 lawyers into the Ghana Bar Association at the Banquet Hall in Accra.
To her, the Bar has a huge role to play in the maintenance of law and order and that the newly enrolled lawyers must not lose sight of that noble task.
According to her, the legal profession has a myriad of opportunities for the new lawyers to take advantage of spanning administrative work and others.
She also stressed the need for the young lawyers to be abreast with new things as the profession requires dynamism, saying they cannot rely exclusively on what they have learnt but rather do more research.
Chief Justice, Justice Sophia Akuffo congratulated all the newly enrolled lawyers especially those who received recognition for their performances.
Isaac Agyire Danso was given the John Mensah Sabah Award, representing the overall best student.
Roughly four months after the genetic modifications, six out of seven babies are out of protective isolation and leading healthy lives, according to doctors at St Jude Children's Research Hospital. The remaining infant's immune system is still in the process of constructing itself.
The patients in the study were all born with the inherited X-linked SCID, which is limited to boys as it's triggered by a genetic defect in the male X chromosome. The treatment they received uses an inactivated form of HIV to apply genetic modifications to bone marrow -- which is prepped using low doses of chemotherapy -- in order to kickstart it to produce all three major immune cell types. "The initial results also suggest our approach is fundamentally safer than previous attempts," said lead study author Dr. Ewelina Mamcarz.
At first glance, the treatment is being viewed as a possible cure. But, more work is needed -- specifically, the babies need to be monitored to ensure they remain stable with no side effects. Their response to vaccination will also need to be tracked.
A small fire started in a Delmar house Monday morning after a person's smoking materials sparked a trashcan. The fire broke out just before noon in the 9000 block of Executive Club Drive. It took 15 Delmar firefighters about 15 minutes to control, but not before $750 in damages occurred. No one was injured in the fire.
If you are used to taking the Franklin Road Bridge over all those train tracks into Southwest Roanoke City today is the last day you'll be able to do that – for 2 years. More from WFIR's Gene Marrano:
Play/Download News Clip
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
KANNAPOLIS, N.C. — Robert Yates said he was told by a doctor last week to gather his family and make plans for hospice because “you're done in four weeks.”
Four hours later, Yates' future looked much better.
Another doctor told Yates, who is battling liver cancer, that the terminal diagnosis was wrong.
“I need both doctors, but I need a little cheerleading, too,'' said the 74-year-old former team owner who will be inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame in January.
Monday was a good day for Yates, who was at Stewart-Haas Racing to see Danica Patrick's throwback paint scheme for next month's Southern 500. The car Patrick will drive mirrors the No. 88 Quality Care/Ford Credit red, white and blue Ford that Yates owned in the mid 1990s and the scheme on Dale Jarrett's car in his 1999 championship season.
He also was presented a Daytona 500 ring by Stewart-Haas Racing. Kurt Busch‘s Ford was powered by Roush Yates Engines, which his son, Doug, operates.
“I've got a lot to be thankful for,'' Yates said.
While his battle with liver cancer has cost him weight, it has not diminished his desire to remain active.
“If I get up and get out of the house and go to the farm and get on a tractor or lawnmower or bulldozer or something, I can stay on that all day long,'' Yates said. “Sitting on it, pushing dirt and trees, I love it. I go home that night and sleep better. Sitting in a chair promotes sitting in a chair. I sat in the chair too much last week.''
Yates first underwent treatment on Oct. 31, 2016. He has gone through chemotherapy and also experimental treatments.
“I told somebody a good while back that it is easier to win the Daytona 500 than to beat this stuff,'' said Yates, who won two Daytona 500s with Jarrett and one with Davey Allison. “One day I'm beating it, the next day I'm not beating it.''
The misdiagnosis last week came because Yates said a scan was measured incorrectly. He was originally told his cancer had grown 36 percent. The review of that scan showed that was incorrect.
Yates, who won 57 races as a team owner in NASCAR's top series, remains feisty.
After one doctor told Yates about hospice over a number of visits, Yates responded: “I remember really well. You told me 10 times about hospice. … I know exactly who they are and what they do. Do not talk to me about hospice anymore.''
That same attitude is evident in how he faces his illness.
“I'm going to fight it,'' he said. “I plan to beat this if God is willing.''
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
Spotify has a lot of competition in the streaming music space, but today it announced a new feature that could set it apart. Even if you choose not to pay for a premium Spotify subscription, you can now choose specific tracks to stream. Previously, the free version of the service only supported shuffle mode.
This is not, however, a complete free-for-all. Free users have their pick of on-demand songs from Spotify's 15 top playlists, including the personalized Discover Weekly mix. Spotify says the on-demand tracks amount to 750 songs or 40 hours of content. The free version of the service (which still has ads) is Spotify's main way of attracting new users who sometimes upgrade to premium subscriptions.
Spotify has also rolled out some new personalization tools for custom playlists. As you add tracks, Spotify will begin learning what you like. The service then suggests more songs to add. And when you're streaming on a limited data plan or in areas with poor coverage, there's a new data saver toggle that optimizes music to save bandwidth. The new free experience will hit devices in the coming weeks.
The eldest son of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro took his own life Thursday while living on the island his father ruled as president for more than 40 years.
Two Cuban government sources confirmed to NBC News that Fidel Angel Castro Diaz-Balart, 68, died on Friday morning following months-long treatment "for a deep state of depression by a group of doctors."
Fidel "Fidelito" Castro Diaz-Balart in 2015. Joe Raedle / Getty Images file
According to Cuban state media, Diaz-Balart had been hospitalized for his depression but was later released for outpatient care.
He had been serving as the scientific adviser to the State Council and vice president of the Cuban Academy of Sciences.
Related: Fidel Castro's Death
Diaz-Balart, often called "Fidelito" or "Little Fidel" because of how much he looked like his father, earned a degree in physics in the former USSR.
He was known for studying how to develop nuclear energy on the island of Cuba, according to his official bio from the Academy of Sciences.
Cuban rebel leader Fidel Castro and his son, Fidel Jr., in 1959. AP file
The family has begun to make funeral arrangements, state media reported.
Diaz-Balart is the cousin of NBC News and Telemundo anchor Jose Diaz-Balart as well as current Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, R-Florida, who is a staunch anti-Castro figure.
His uncle, Raul Castro, has led Cuba since 2008 when he took over the role of president of Cuba from Fidel Castro — who ruled his island home beginning in 1959, antagonized 11 U.S. presidents and died in 2016 aged of 90.
New tracks have been added while old were removed during Jeff Gordon's illustrious career. He announced 2015 would be his last season but he got behind the wheel for Rick Hendrick after Dale Earnhardt Jr. suffered a concussion in 2016.
Gordon hopes to spend the 2017 season at the track from the broadcast booth for FOX NASCAR, where he'll have information on how to win at nearly every track the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series heads to.
The only track Gordon hasn't won at that the Cup Series races on regularly is Kentucky Speedway. His best finish was fifth in five races at the track.
Gordon also posted wins at North Wilkesboro Speedway (1) and Rockingham Speedway (4), but since neither are currently on the circuit, they've been excluded from the list.
Check out how Gordon's 93 career wins add up by track:
Zambia's Kenani transit centre now hosts more than 10, 000 Congolese refugees
The number of refugees fleeing violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and being hosted at the Kenani transit centre in the north of Zambia has now passed the 10,000 mark since August this year.
An the UN refugee agency – UNHCR – is appealing for more funding to relocate the new arrivals from Kenani, which is the Zambia's largest refugee transit facility with about 10,065 people in it.
“We passed the 10, 000 mark on Saturday, and more Congolese refugees are coming in from Chiengi,” confirmed UNHCR Representative to Zambia Pierrine Aylara.
The Nchelenge District Administration has agreed to expand the Kenani transit center, by providing more space. The newly allocated space can now accommodate an additional 1,000 refugee families/5,000 individuals as efforts are continued to open a new permanent refugee settlement within the coming weeks.
Meanwhile, the Government, UNHCR and partners, are working to have Congolese refugees at Kenani transit centre as well as new arrivals relocated within weeks to a new permanent refugee settlement – called Mantapala – within Nchelenge District, with more space for improved facilities.
However, limited funding might hamper the timely relocation of refugees. Additional funds are required by humanitarian and development partners to repair the main access road and to open inner roads within the new refugee settlement. The funds are further required to set up basic infrastructures such as health, water and sanitation and primary education facilities as well as other basic amenities.
While the majority of Congolese arrive through the Chiengi border area, then relocated to Kenani, some are crossing into Zambia through other entry points, such as Nsumbu, Kaputa, Nakonde and Mpulungu in Northern, Kapushi and Kakoma, in North Western and Kasumbalesa and Sakania, on the Copperbelt province. These are relocated to Meheba and Mayukwayukwa Refugee Settlements.
Some 13, 924 Congolese have fled to Zambia since the beginning of 2017 through various entry points, including Chiengi (Chiengi and other entry points).
Seized Property
Under the authority in Internal Revenue Code section 6331, the property described below has been seized for nonpayment of Internal Revenue taxes due from Thomas L & Barbara J Bashaw. The property will be sold at public auction as provided by Internal Revenue Code section 6335 and related regulations.
Date: October 18, 2017
Time: 10:00 am. Bidder registration begins at 09:30 a.m.
Place: Aitkin County Sheriff Office, 217 2nd Street NW, Room 185, Aitkin, MN 56431
Property may be inspected drive by only.
Only the right, title, and interest of Thomas L & Barbara J Bashaw in and to the property will be offered for sale. If requested, the Internal Revenue Service will furnish information about possible encumbrances, which may be useful in determining the value of the interest being sold.
Physical address: 47123 156th Place, Tamarack MN 55787
Legal Description: Lot 4, Block 2, First Addition to Wilsona Beach according to the filed plat thereof, subject to easements and mineral rights of record, if any.
Minimum bid $51,000.00
The Terms of Payment: 20% of the highest bid, balance is due no later than November 15, 2017. All payments must be by cash, a certified , cashiers or treasurers check drawn on any bank or trust company incorporated under the laws of the United States or under the laws of any State, Territory, or possession of the United States, or by a United States postal, bank, or express money order. Make check or money order payable to the United States Treasury.
The Government reserves the right to reject any and all bids and to withdraw the property from the sale.
For additional information about the property and proposed sale, please contact Patty Hall; Property Appraisal & Liquidation Specialist at 214-422-7386 or visit www.i rsauctions.gov
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6, 2017
740387
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
I'm a firm believer that first and foremost, food needs to be delicious. There is simply nothing very inspiring about a bland bowl of flavorless quinoa. Yeah, perhaps it might be “healthy,” but who really wants to eat it? Where is the joy? Where is the pleasure? As a professional chef, I've watched from a distance as the Internet has exploded with endless recipes for healthy food. And while there are a lot of great ideas and great dishes circulating, I find that the little tricks of the trade that we chefs learn growing up in kitchens are often overlooked. Armed with a little bit of savvy and a well-tuned palate, you can turn the ordinary into the extraordinary.
1. Season, season, season
One of the most common mistakes home cooks make is not being assertive enough when it comes to seasoning. Often, a little extra salt and pepper or even some lightly chopped herbs will go a long way to bringing out the natural flavors of a dish. Just imagine a roast chicken without salt and pepper. Blech! Now add some coarse sea salt, cracked pepper, crushed thyme and rosemary, lemon zest, maybe even some coriander seeds and sesame seeds. Suddenly, that pedestrian bird has become a flavorful masterpiece.
2. But season as you go, too
You want to add salt in stages to build flavor. Taste your salt to see how salty it is and adjust the amounts you add to your dish accordingly. Keep in mind that teaspoon for teaspoon, finer salts tend to add more saltiness.
Chef Seamus Mullen eating a beautiful and healthy breakfast of eggs, bacon and kimchi in his Brooklyn kitchen.
3. Start with good salt
I prefer sea salt for its complex and concentrated saltiness and its abundance of minerals. My friends at Jacobsen Salt Co., in Portland, Oregon, harvest all their salt from the pristine waters of the northwestern coastline. I often finish dishes with Jacobsen's flake finishing sea salt and really like Jacobsen's specialty salts, particularly the one infused with ghost chile.
4. Think of the four points of the compass of our palate: salty, sweet, sour, spicy.
Playing spicy off sweet (think: mango and chiles) or sour off salty (think: salt and vinegar chips) can make a dish really feel balanced and craveable. I don't always have these elements in equal parts. Sometimes you want one flavor profile to dominate the others, but having a balance makes for a successful and exciting dish.
Flash back to recipe testing for my new book #realfoodheals which drops next Tuesday! Still time to pre-order! Link in my bio! Happy, healthy weekend y'all!!! A post shared by Seamus Mullen (@seamusmullen) on Aug 18, 2017 at 2:32pm PDT
5. Food tastes better when it looks good
I'm not saying you should pull out tweezers to compose fussy plates of food, but you shouldn't dump the food on a plate. There's a difference between rustic and sloppy.
Share
Andy Boxall/Digital Trends
Pepper is a friendly robotic fella who can interact with humans and even be your best buddy, if you like.
SoftBank, which created the cute humanoid robot in collaboration with French robotics company Aldabaran SAS, had high hopes for Pepper when the first one rolled off the production line in 2015.
Since then, Pepper has been turning up in all manner of places, from train stations to hospitals to departments stores, mostly to entertain shoppers rather than take on any particularly demanding tasks.
We've now learned that Pepper's latest gig is at a Pizza Hut in Singapore, where the 120-cm-tall robot will make menu recommendations and take orders from hungry customers.
The initiative is being run in collaboration with Mastercard, which hopes the robot will help it to highlight its secure Masterpass digital payments system. To get started, a customer first needs to ensure they have the Pizza Hut app on their phone before signing in with Masterpass.
To prepare Pepper for what Mastercard is calling “conversational commerce,” the credit card company worked with robotics and artificial intelligence firm Teksbotics to create voice-based, interface technologies for Pepper, which connect with Mastercard's own secure payment services.
Mastercard describes the resulting process as a “safe and easy voice-assisted commerce experience with the potential to be adopted across various environments — from retail to restaurants like Pizza Hut and beyond.”
But a video (below) shot by local media showing a Mastercard executive putting Pepper through its paces at Pizza Hut reveals the ordering process to be somewhat on the slow side. To be fair, Pepper performs pretty well in the interaction, offering choices that are shown on its torso-based tablet and responding in a chatty manner, but it takes nearly three minutes to order a single pepperoni pizza.
At this stage, there's no serious plan for Pizza Hut to replace human staff with Pepper robots. The robot doesn't appear ready for complex tasks, but it could certainly make a routine visit to the restaurant a little more fun for customers.
Let's just hope this particular Pepper performs better than another one that recently started work at a grocery store in Scotland. While it could offer simple advice on the location of different items within the store, its overall performance fell short of expectations, prompting the manager to fire poor Pepper.
Family Awakened by Massive Gator – on Second-Story Porch
A family in South Carolina says an alligator, estimated to be 9-feet long and roughly 300-pounds, climbed a 15-foot staircase, broke open a screen and barged into their enclosed porch on Easter Sunday.
Q. Probate fees are going up soon I have heard. What exactly is happening?
A. When someone dies somebody else needs to deal with anything the deceased leaves. What is left by the deceased is called “the estate”. Often in order to do this you need to take out a grant of probate in the estate – the current level below which you do NOT need the grant is £5000.
If you need a grant and are a relative or friend of the deceased it costs £215.
This is scheduled to change soon. There will be a sliding scale of fees based on estate value. If less than £50,000 the cost will be zero. The government says that applies to 58% of all estates in England and Wales. Other fees include:-
Estate value £50,000 to £300,000 – fee of £300
Estate £1 million to £1.6 million – fee of £8000
So the new fees will affect large value estates much more than low value estates. And government figures show that apart from the 58% of estates worth less than £50,000 23% are worth £50,000 to £300,000 meaning 81% of all estates will be paying either nothing or £85 more than the £215 current fee.
Liz Truss the Lord Chancellor is in charge of our legal system. The new law will come in on her say-so. The joint committee on statutory instruments is made up of MPs and looks at whether or not some laws are being made correctly. It has published a report saying there is doubt in this case.
The feeling is that an increase from £215 to £8000 or more (the highest fee will in fact be £20,000) is not really a “fee” (a word meaning a charge for the provision of a service) but more like a tax considering fees charged for these grants go to the Government. Taxes are not supposed to come in on the say-so alone of the Lord Chancellor or any other single person; Parliament is meant to look at them. And normally proposed new taxes are campaigned for by the relevant political party in the run-up to a general election – which did not happen here.
Many may say: “well – I am not leaving a million quid when I die so I'm not bothered”. But what if the committee is right and Ms Truss is acting beyond her powers? Maybe next time a politician does that perhaps in relation to some other law it WILL affect you.
Presently there is no sign the Government will change its mind so these new fees look good to go.
l Ben Hoare Bell LLP has many specialist Solicitors who can offer legal advice in a range of legal areas. If you require legal advice please phone a Solicitor on 0191 565 3112 or email advice@benhoarebell.co.uk. Visit www.benhoarebell.co.uk for more information.
Jon Smith paddles his kayak from the landing below the dam in Fort Mill on his way down to the River Walk landing in Rock Hill. Duke is planning to raise the target water level in lakes Wylie, Norman and James six inches each summer, affecting recreational water flows from Lake Wylie for Catawba River paddlers downstream. Jeff Sochko Fort Mill Times file photo
PHILADELPHIA — A federal judge in Philadelphia heard arguments Wednesday in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough, and at least two of the attorneys Wednesday said the investigator is unnecessary.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays.
The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power and the ability to compel testimony to determine whether more punitive actions are necessary upon fraud findings.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
As the interest on a 10-year Treasury bond briefly touched the symbolically significant threshold of 3 percent on Tuesday, market analysts and average investors alike wondered, what's next?
“Wall Street looks at it as a symbolic benchmark,” said Joseph Heider, president of Cirrus Wealth Management.
The stock market's recent wild ride has been blamed on several factors, but an enduring culprit is bond yields. “On February 2, when yields touched 2.9 percent, that sparked a dramatic stock market selloff,” said Mitchell Goldberg, president of ClientFirst Strategy.
Borrowing rates for consumers and corporations could rise. What kind of impact will that have on the economy? Borrowing rates for consumers and corporations could rise. What kind of impact will that have on the economy?
As much as the number itself, the speed with which this benchmark rate accelerated concerned investors, said David Frisch, president of Frisch Financial Group. “From December to February we did see a pretty significant increase, and I think there was a little bit of a spook factor,” he said. “Any time you see interest rates moving up quickly, then it gets a little bit scary… If it moves up more slowly, it's less of an issue.”
That's because this rate is a benchmark for a whole range of other borrowing rates, and when the price of acquiring or servicing debt rises, the investment community gets nervous about the economic repercussions. “The concerns are that… borrowing rates for both consumers and corporations are going to rise. What kind of impact will that have on both consumers and the earnings of companies?” Heider said.
“I think if you ask most people what's the yield on a 10-year Treasury, they're not going to know… but most people probably know what their mortgage rate is, their home equity line of credit is and what their credit card rate is,” Goldberg said. “They know the rates that are important to them, but almost every rate that we pay stems from the 10-year Treasury rate,” he said.
From the perspective of your portfolio, investing pros emphasized that there's no practical difference between the increase from 2.9 to 3 percent than there is for a move from 2.8 to 2.9 percent, or from 3 to 3.1 percent.
“By human nature, we like to anchor to certain round numbers,” said Steven Elwell, partner and vice president at Level Financial Advisors. “It's a nice round number, so it's easy to talk about,” he said.
When it comes to your portfolio, investment pros say the most important thing is not to make any knee-jerk responses.
“You should never make a wholesale change,” based on an arbitrary number, said George Kiraly Jr., founder of LodeStar Advisory Group, LLC. “Never make any changes during an event,” he said. “If you haven't done anything, you're probably better off tweaking your portfolio in a minor way,” he said, by dialing back any overexposure into riskier asset classes that can occur in a long-running bull market.
Heider echoed this observation, emphasizing that big moves during market volatility can be detrimental. “If you have a disciplined approach to your investing, you should stay the course and not panic. However, if your equity exposure has risen dramatically, this is a good time to look at potentially taking some profits off the table since nobody knows how the markets will react,” he said.
Related What a series of Fed rate hikes in 2018 will mean for you
And Elwell pointed out a silver lining to rising rates. “Rising interest rates for savers is probably good news,” he said.
Wall Street professionals are already looking ahead to the next threshold. “I'm more concerned if we go even higher,” Kiraly said. “I think the market's only pricing in three or four Fed rate increases,” for the year, he said. “If that's the path the Fed is on, we may get closer to 4 percent in a year or two, and that's going to be a real problem for stocks.”
Goldberg said it's important not to look at interest rates in a vacuum. A strong earnings climate bolsters investor sentiment and — so far, at least — has sustained the market at large.
“If we have good economic growth and rising interest rates, that's OK. If we have bad economic growth and rising interest rates, then I think we might be looking to sell off a bit,” Frisch said.
Space may be the final frontier, but it's an expensive one to explore. There are ample problems with which to contend here on Earth, and that leads some people to wonder if space exploration is worth the hassle. At ExtremeTech, we believe the answer is unequivocally “yes.” Here are five reasons why space exploration is vital to humanity.
New Technologies and Research
Humans did not evolve to go into space, but we go there anyway. That has led to the development of various technologies that feed back into the economy and improve our lives on Earth. Without space programs, we wouldn't have GPS, accurate weather prediction, solar cells, or the ultraviolet filters in sunglasses and cameras. There's also medical research happening in space right now that could cure diseases and prolong human lives, and these experiments can't be done on Earth. Space exploration could save your life.
Asteroids and Comets Don't Care About Us
Speaking of saving lives, space exploration could save all our lives. Our solar system has calmed down a lot since the early eons, but there are still uncountable big asteroids and comets out there that could smack into the planet and really ruin your day. It's happened several times in the past, each one causing a mass extinction. It's not a matter of if another large asteroid hits Earth, but when. A robust space program is the only hope we have of deflecting such an object.
Colonization Is the Ultimate Backup
There are currently more than 7 billion humans, which is a lot. However, we're all crammed together on this one planet. If something happened to Earth, our species could be wiped out. For example, the aforementioned asteroid impact. Colonizing other bodies in the solar system is a way to create a “backup” of humanity that will survive no matter what happens to Earth. Maybe future humans will be Martians who will never set foot on Earth.
Space Mining Could Save the World
As we develop new technologies on Earth, the strain on our natural resources continues to increase. The extraction of valuable minerals has led to a host of problems, including environmental damage and human exploitation, but there's a wealth of precious materials in space. Startups like Planetary Resources want to mine asteroids instead of Earth, which would mean an effectively unlimited supply of raw materials that are rare on Earth.
We Are Explorers
There are more practical reasons for space exploration, but one of the principle reasons we must continue is that we're explorers. That's why humans number in the billions — from our earliest upright steps, we've endeavored to learn more about the world around us, and this allowed us to build civilization. Exploring space is an opportunity not only to discover new worlds and build advanced technologies, but to work together toward a larger goal irrespective of nationality, race, or gender. If we stop exploring, we stop being human.
Despite it feeling like Tuesday, Wednesday is already here. Today's list isn't all that great, despite it being the last one for May. If you want to take a break from the Fallout 76 news, browse through the apps on offer. I'll see you all in June.
Free
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
Sale
Apps
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting himself and his state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says he's hopeful the U.S. Supreme Court will allow the executions of two inmates to proceed, saying the victims' families have waited too long for justice.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson says he's hopeful the U.S. Supreme Court will allow the executions of two inmates to proceed, saying the victims' families have waited too long for justice.
(Arkansas Department of Correction, via AP, File). FILE - This 2013 file photo provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows Don William Davis, who has been scheduled for execution Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Stephen B. Thornton/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). People gather at a rally opposing the state's upcoming executions, on the front steps of Arkansas' Capitol, Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
By ANDREW DeMILLO and SEAN MURPHYAssociated Press
VARNER, Ark. (AP) - Arkansas raced against the clock to obtain U.S. Supreme Court approval to execute a convicted killer Monday but backed off putting another inmate to death as part of what had been a plan to carry out double executions on four nights before the state's supply of a lethal injection drug expires.
In a chaotic day of legal wrangling, state and federal courts lifted the two primary obstacles Arkansas faced to carrying out its first executions since 2005 but another hurdle remained before the Supreme Court.
The decisions from the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and the state Supreme Court were over the series of planned lethal injections that, if carried out, would mark the most inmates put to death by a state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
The state was rushing to get approval to execute convicted killer Don Davis before his death warrant expires at midnight. Davis and Bruce Ward were set to be executed Monday night and had been granted stays by the state Supreme Court. The state decided not to challenge the stay for Ward but the U.S. Supreme Court was weighing whether to allow Davis to be put to death.
The state scheduled the executions to occur before its supply of midazolam expires at the end of the month, and Arkansas has not found a new supplier of the lethal injection drug.
"Allowing (Davis') stay to stand will effectively prevent Arkansas from seeing justice done," Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said in a petition to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Separately, a federal appeals court overturned U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker's decision to halt the executions over the use of midazolam, which has been used in flawed executions in other states, but the Arkansas Supreme Court's stays remain in place.
A little over an hour later, the state Supreme Court lifted a judge's ruling that had effectively blocked the executions by prohibiting the state from using its supply of vecuronium bromide, one of the other lethal injection drugs. A medical supply company said it was misled by the state and that the drug was sold for medical purposes, not executions.
The state Supreme Court voted 4-3 to grant stays for Davis and Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments on that request April 24.
Three Arkansas justices dissented, with Associate Justice Shawn Womack writing that Ward and Davis "had their day in court, the jury spoke, and decades of appeals have occurred. The families are entitled to closure and finality of the law."
The inmates' attorneys argued that their clients were denied access to independent mental health experts, saying Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
Rutledge's office said she was only appealing Davis' stay to the U.S. Supreme Court, noting that Ward has two stays from the state high court. Five U.S. Supreme Court justices must vote to vacate an execution stay, and Monday marked the first day the U.S. Supreme Court was in session with new Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench.
"This decision was not unanimous and the dissenting opinions reflect the harm the delays cause the families of the victims and it also expresses my frustration in the continued delayed justice," Gov. Asa Hutchinson, who set the execution dates, said in a statement.
Davis was sentenced to death for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers. The woman was killed in her home after Davis broke in and shot her with a .44-caliber revolver he found there. Davis came within six hours of execution in 2010 before he was spared by the state Supreme Court.
The Arkansas high court already had issued one stay for Ward after a Jefferson County judge said she didn't have the authority to halt Ward's execution. Ward's attorneys have argued he is a diagnosed schizophrenic with no rational understanding of his impending execution.
The back-and-forth with the courts came as the state seeks to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month. If court proceedings are pushed into May, Arkansas won't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand.
The state was still moving forward with plans to conduct the Monday night executions in the event that all stays were lifted, with Davis being served his last meal of fried chicken, rolls, beans, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake.
The eight inmates also asked the U.S. Supreme Court for a stay until the high court rules on their request to reconsider whether to weigh in a state court decision upholding Arkansas' lethal injection law.
It's unclear whether the state may face additional challenges over its execution drugs. McKesson, the supplier that sued Arkansas to try and block the use of the vecuronium bromide, asked to drop its case after Baker's order but has left open the possibility it may refile its lawsuit if executions move forward.
Meanwhile, the Arkansas Supreme Court also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after he participated in a protest where he appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive a lethal injection. Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen, who banned the state from using the vecuronium bromide obtained. After issuing the order, Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where he was strapped to a cot. The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges and the state Supreme Court lifted the stay he had imposed.
___
DeMillo reported from Little Rock. Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report.
___
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Andrew DeMillo at www.twitter.com/ademillo .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
JERUSALEM — New archaeological tests have confirmed that the site many Christians believe to be the tomb of Jesus Christ dates back 1,700 years to A.D. 325, the same era when the Romans first identified the place as holy.
With invasions, fires and even earthquakes occurring at Jerusalem's Church of the Holy Sepulchre over the centuries, historians had questioned whether the tomb had been destroyed or moved.
To date the tomb, known as the Holy Edicule, conservators from the National Technical University of Athens looked at radioactive elements in the architectural glue that fit it together. They also used ground-penetrating radar and laser scanning.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed TODAY goes inside Church of the Holy Sepulchre: Is it Jesus' tomb? 3:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The tomb is the size of a coat closet, and was open for just 60 hours while restoration work was also carried out.
The results of the tests were first reported Tuesday by National Geographic.
"Scientists and archaeologists are very excited about this because, what it does is, it corroborates our historical accounts," said National Geographic archaeology writer Kristin Romey, who was on site during the nine-month renovation project.
Experts believe the site was identified around A.D. 325 A.D., when the Roman emperor Constantine the Great came to the city with his team to locate places associated with the life of Jesus.
A holy fire ceremony is held at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem on April 15. Atef Safadi / EPA file
The Romans are said to have torn down a temple in Jerusalem where they found the cave that they believed to be his burial site. They then built a shrine and a church around that site.
Three different Christian denominations — Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox and Armenian Orthodox — share custody over the church, and there have been turf wars and brawls in the past over the management of the site.
Even the restoration took decades to settle. In 1959, the various denominations agreed to conserve the edicule, but it took until 2016 to actually agree on a plan for the restoration, National Geographic archaeologist-in-residence Fredrik Hiebert said.
The same Greek team that restored the Acropolis in Athens was chosen to carry out the project.
Archaeologists believe there may be more surprises to come at the site.
“There is so much information in the data that was collected by the restorers during the conservation project,” Hiebert said. “There are many, many stories still to be told.”
Photos from space show the incredible scale of the devastation caused by the still-raging Southern California wildfires, which have blackened almost 200,000 acres and forced thousands of people from their homes.
From his perch aboard the International Space Station 250 miles above the Earth's surface, NASA astronaut Randy Bresnik snapped a series of unsettling photos and posted them on Twitter.
"Today's pass over SoCal unfortunately doesn't look any better," he said in a tweet posted on the evening of December 7. "The fires east of Camp Pendleton and in Baja are visible as well."
Today's pass over SoCal unfortunately doesn't look any better. The fires east of Camp Pendleton and in Baja are visible as well. #CaliforniaWildfires pic.twitter.com/khM9TK1u0F — Randy Bresnik (@AstroKomrade) December 7, 2017
That glum tweet came on the heels of two earlier tweets about the fires that Bresnik posted the previous day.
Thank you to all the first responders, firefighters, and citizens willing to help fight these California wildfires. #CaliforniaWildfires pic.twitter.com/TyeGx4z85Q — Randy Bresnik (@AstroKomrade) December 7, 2017
I was asked this evening if we can see the SoCal fires from space. Yes Faith, unfortunately we can. May the Santa Ana's die down soon. #Californiawildfire pic.twitter.com/qNzjTjWa4t — Randy Bresnik (@AstroKomrade) December 6, 2017
Earlier, NASA had posted satellite photos of the fires taken on December 5 by its Terra satellite and the European Space Agency's Sentinel-2.
The Terra photo shows thick plumes of smoke streaming out over the Pacific Ocean.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
SEABROOK, Texas - A woman's body was found Tuesday at Clear Lake Park in southeast Harris County.
Harris County deputies only identified the victim as a 25-year-old African-American woman.
Deputies said homicide detectives were called to the scene.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
The Irish Athletic Boxing Association (IABA) has adopted a new rule book they claim incorporates all the Rio recommendations around high performance after been given until the end of this month to reform its governance or face an immediate suspension of funding from Sport Ireland.
The IABA's Board of Directors met on Wednesday night to ratify a new rule book in a bid to meet the ultimatum.
The Board of Directors will now begin a series of consultation and explanatory meetings with clubs around the country before the end of June while they say they will also make very effort to reach agreement with Central Council on the changes that need to be made.
In a statement, the IABA said: "There are no proposed changes to the overall structure of the IABA included in the new Rule Book.
"The Board had originally intended that any new Rule Book would include a full review of the 2006 rulebook including buy not limited to areas such as Terms of Office, Elections, postal Voting and the AGM.
"Recommendations on these issues had been included in the draft Rule Book prepared by (solicitor) Sarah O'Shea and provided to the IABA on 20 March, 2017.
"As previously communicated, the draft was to be followed up by further meetings and discussions between the Board and representatives of Central Council.
"A delegation from Central Council have not however made themselves available to meet since receiving the draft in March."
A federal lawsuit accuses the ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens of racial discrimination at her rural Nevada dude ranch.
Continue Reading Below
The lawsuit says wealthy philanthropist Madeleine Pickens told the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in California to cook “black people food,” not “white people food,” at the Elko County ranch.
Armand Appling says Pickens listed off fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread as good examples.
Appling says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the ranch stretching across 900 square miles, about 50 miles west of the Utah line. He alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment.
Pickens' lawyers say the comments were not racially motivated. At worst, they say, the remarks were rude and insensitive.
There's no place for home
Fortune is saying that Apple may have hit a stumbling block in the creation of their top-tier iPhone, which rumors say will likely be called the iPhone Edition. One key feature of the Edition could be a front display covering the entire front of the phone, which would, of course, require some sort of trick to implementing the home button at the bottom of the screen. And that's where Fortune says Apple has run into a problem.
Apparently, Apple is having problems getting the fingerprint reader under the display to work. If they can't figure it out soon, analysts say Apple may have to move the fingerprint reader to the back of the phone, which is what Samsung did with the new Galaxy S8. But “innovation” icon Apple probably doesn't want to be seen as copying Samsung, so what to do? Traditionally, Apple finalizes iPhone design in March so phones are ready to sell in September.
If they can't get this figured out soon, that could delay the much-anticipated device, which is another negative for Apple. Looks like it's crunch time for Jony and Tim.
But you might want to update pretty much everything
You may have heard how a cache of hacks against Windows machines were recently released by the so-called Shadow Brokers hacking group, and if you're worried about getting victimized, we understand you concerns.
So does Microsoft apparently, and they quickly went on the offensive after the release to assure Windows users that the OS is fully patched up against the threats, some of which date back nearly a decade. However, some of the vulnerabilities were only patched last month, according to a Microsoft blogpost on April 14th that included a table showing which updates addressed which threats. We've at link to the table, which is also full of links, of course.
They also advised anyone not running up-to-date software to, you know, update it as soon as possible.
Can tech feed the world?
What's one thing every person on Planet Earth does every day? Check Facebook? Well, not yet, but everyone does need to eat every day, and with 7.5 billion people needing daily nutrition, scientists are working to develop tech that can feed everyone – now and in the future.
For the next couple of weeks here at DT, we're taking a closer look at the Future of Food: how it's grown, where it's grown, and the cutting-edge technologies used for everything from growing, harvesting and distributing food, to the latest genetic discoveries that could end up feeding everyone when the population hits 10 billion people in the very near future. It's the Future of Food, and there's a lot to talk about. Hit this link for the first taste of our new series.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
When the weather forecast reveals digits lower than your shoe size, it can take everything you have just to scrape up enough gumption to get off the couch. That's because, when there's a deep freeze going on, it's only natural to want to hibernate, says John Sharp, M.D., a clinical psychiatrist, Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) specialist at Beth-Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston, and author of "The Emotional Calendar: Understanding Seasonal Influences and Milestones to Become Happier, More Fulfilled, and in Control of Your Life." Yet, sequestering yourself indoors is hardly the way to feel any better.
Though the urge to shelter in place is strong, it's much better for your mental and physical health if you put on (what feels like) all of your clothes and go outside anyway.
Research shows that hibernating for long stretches of time, though it feels mighty compelling, isn't really meant for humans. “Too little sunlight is stressful and effects our emotional and physical wellbeing, making us vulnerable to being pessimistic and fatigued,” says Sharp. Also, it throws your circadian rhythms way off, which can have a detrimental ripple effect on your health. Circadian rhythms are responsible for more than just your sleep/wake cycles — they keep everything from your moods to your digestion in check.
Exposure to daylight, even in small amounts, can help keep your circadian rhythms in check, but it can also do so much more. Here are five reasons to suit up and head outside — even though it's freezing out.
1. It'll lift your mood
Natural daylight does a bang-up job of raising your serotonin (one of your body's feel-good chemicals) levels. “Physiologically, we know serotonin levels in the brain are lowest in winter. Going outside can increase positive mood and alleviate depression,” says Kathryn A. Roecklein, Ph.D., associate professor, Department of Psychology at the University of Pittsburgh. Roecklien conducted a study revealing how light therapy can help those with seasonal mood disorders. “We know that inside light levels are lower than outside light levels. And we know winter light levels are lower than summer light levels. So being inside for a majority of the winter may be a double strike in terms of getting the light we need for energy levels, alertness, mood and cognitive functioning,” she explains.
North Carolina's budget is being crafted mostly behind closed doors, and Mickey Michaux is pretty angry about that, to put it mildly.
Michaux is a Democratic state House member from Durham who on Tuesday railed against legislative Republicans for planning to float and then adopt their budget proposal without accepting proposed amendments.
Republicans hold a supermajority in the state House and state Senate, and they've mostly crafted their budget without the input of Democrats. If their budget is adopted without amendments, it would be the first time that has happened in modern North Carolina history.
In a news conference Tuesday, Michaux used "the strongest terms I could think of at that point" to describe the situation.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"Today we have seen a rape of this budget," Michaux said. "And I'm having problems right now trying to reconcile whether I'm in North Carolina or North Korea."
Michaux, the third African-American elected to the N.C. General Assembly, is serving his 43rd year in office but doesn't plan to seek re-election.
His comments on Tuesday quickly garnered attention online, where social media users criticized his choice of words.
Mark Coggins, who works for Republican state Rep. David Lewis, called the comments "disgusting." Brent Woodcox, an attorney who works for Republican legislative leaders, said no one should make arbitrary comparisons to rape, Nazis or slavery.
Another Twitter user said the word "rape" shouldn't be used for political grandstanding.
1. No Nazi comparisons
2. No slavery comparisons
3. No rape comparisons
It's not a long list but it is an important one to follow. #NCPOL https://t.co/JVLh3khx9c — Brent Woodcox (@BrentWoodcox) May 29, 2018
Michaux explained his thinking in an interview on Wednesday.
"What I was saying was that it's something that certainly shouldn't happen," he said. “Particularly if you have the numbers (to pass a budget through a vote), there's no reason to do this … unless you're afraid that what the other party has to offer would be better.”
In response to a question, he acknowledged that rape victims might be offended that he compared the budget process to what they suffered through and said he didn't mean to diminish their pain.
“You don't think about that on the spur of the moment," he said. "That's not the context under which I said it.”
Nonetheless, Michaux said he stood by his comparisons to rape and to North Korea, saying he'd received no calls about the former comment. He did say he had received a couple of calls from people concerned that he compared North Carolina to North Korea.
He said he told the callers, “The only thing I can say about that is, North Korea agrees to negotiate."
The Internet of Things (IoT) is big and upcoming; we see more connected devices around us each day. When typical devices are “connected,” there's an opportunity to make them smart and introduce new services, insights, and more. As a result, many organisations are looking at how they can leverage these new technologies so they may benefit from them.
Designing and building a new IoT solution is an exciting project that has many facets, ranging from a product design, to an end-user experience test, to building and managing a solution. With hundreds of IoT platforms available — many as a cloud service eg. AWS, Azure, etc. — deciding where and how messages (data) are processed is a key component. Part of the challenge knows what data is collected and how sensitive that data is for the customer or the organisation. Are we willing (or allowed) to process and store the captured data in a cloud service?
Organisations who host their own IoT service are confronted with a typical question; how do I scale and secure my service? Not an uncommon question when we build a typical application like webservers, but is it really that different?
Read the entire article here, Scaling And Securing IoT Data Streams
Via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
The belief that there might be an infinite number of universes is no longer confined to science fiction.
It sounds wild. But the idea that we live in a multiverse — a cosmos where an infinite number of universes exist beside our own — is no longer confined to science fiction. It's a respectable theory among scientists, so much so that some are on the hunt for proof of a nearby universe.
Now, scientists might be one step closer. A study recently submitted to “Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society” actually places the multiverse theory on firmer ground. Ruari Mackenzie, a graduate student at England's University of Durham, took a deeper look at a region in the sky that's so frigid and so large that most scientists don't think it can be a statistical fluke. Instead, some astronomers think this so-called “cold spot” is an optical illusion produced by a lack of intervening galaxies. But Mackenzie and his colleagues found that those galaxies are no less dense than anywhere else in the universe, disproving that theory.
Related: Newfound Alien Planet is The Hottest Ever Discovered
Believe it or not, the next reasonable explanation (so long as you don't buy into the theory that it's just a statistical fluke) is that the cold spot might be a bruise left after an ancient collision with another universe. There's no proof — at least not yet. But a forthcoming map of the cold spot might let scientists nail down whether it is truly a footprint of another universe — a result that would turn our understanding of the universe on its head.
Chilled to the Bones
Peer as far out in space and as far back in time as you can and you'll reach the cosmic microwave background (CMB) — the ancient light that formed just 370,000 years after the Big Bang. Given its age, it's no surprise that the light might hold secrets about the universe's fiery birth and answer fundamental questions about where we came from. For this reason, astronomers have long sought to capture this afterglow.
For years, they have perfected a map speckled with blue and red dots that signify temperature (and therefore density) variations within the CMB where galaxies or giant voids of nearly empty space would one day form. Typically these dots represent only minute changes in temperature — except for one. In 2004, astronomers using NASA's WMAP satellite discovered a cold spot nestled in the constellation Eridanus, which appears to be nearly 100 times cooler than your typical cool dots. It's also huge, stretching 1,000 times farther than the Milky Way galaxy.
The so-called cold spot, circled below, has attracted attention as possibly being too large and too cold to be easily explained. WMAP Science Team/NASA /
But this isn't just an observational outlier. Models predict that the cosmos should be uniform across such vast scales. They also predict that just one in 50 universes will produce such a frigid region naturally — a likelihood some astronomers think is too small for comfort.
Instead, many astronomers thought the cold spot might be an optical illusion produced by something in the foreground. Light from the CMB has been traveling for nearly 13.8 billion years through dense regions of galaxy clusters and voids of nearly empty space. These conditions alter its light thanks to a trick of gravity. Just think about launching a rocket from Earth. Gravity pulls on the rocket, slowing it down. Light leaving Earth experiences the same pull, but because it can only travel at the speed of light, it loses energy by stretching in wavelength. This makes the light appear redder and therefore colder. So while a foreground galaxy cluster might make the CMB's light appear bluer, a foreground void might make it appear redder and colder.
But is there a massive void in front of the infamous cold spot? In 2015, István Szapudi and his colleagues at the University of Hawaii thought they found one. And it was spectacular, spanning 1.8 billion light-years across. But when astronomers couldn't verify the results, controversy ensued. So Mackenzie and his colleagues obtained data from the Anglo-Australian Telescope in New South Wales, which allowed them to gather data on the distances and locations of more than 7,000 galaxies.
Related: Will This 'Impossible Motor' Take Us to Other Planets?
The two observations helped them create a three-dimensional map of galaxies within the potential void. But the map didn't reveal anything too strange. There was a small void perhaps, but nothing that could explain the cold spot. “That kills, in one stroke, the void hypothesis,” says Tom Shanks at the University of Durham.
But Mackenzie isn't concerned. “I'm of the opinion that if it's not a void, which I don't think it is anymore, it's probably just a statistical fluctuation,” he says. “It's not something that should keep people awake at night.”
Still, it leaves open one tantalizing possibility: The cold spot might be evidence of a nearby universe. “The next most standard explanation, I would say, turns out to be the bubble universe collision hypothesis,” Shanks says. “And that gets you into a discussion about the standard model in cosmology — and the fact that it's weird as hell.”
A Natural Consequence
For many, the multiverse conjures images of worlds where dinosaurs continue to roam, Nazis won World War II, and your evil twin is wreaking havoc somewhere. And yet, the multiverse isn't just an accepted theory in modern physics, it's almost unavoidable.
Take the theory of inflation as an example, which says that in the first split second following the Big Bang, the early universe ballooned outward to be at least a million billion billion times larger than it was. Although the theory is beloved by cosmologists (it fixes several problems with the Big Bang story), it comes with a caveat: Most theories of inflation predict eternal inflation. That means that not only did our universe balloon outward, but an infinite number of other universes did, too.
Recent estimates suggest the Big Bang occurred about 12 billion years ago, although the figure is uncertain. Science Photo Library/Getty Images / This content is subject to copyright.
Ivan Baldry, an astronomer at Liverpool John Moores University in England, who was not involved in the study, says the multiverse is like Occam's razor, that philosophical idea that the simplest explanation is often the correct one. “We have a huge variety of galaxies and a huge variety of solar systems — it makes sense to have a huge variety of universes,” he says.
That isn't as crazy as it sounds. “I think when you use the phrase parallel universe, people imagine some sort of portal into the underworld or some other dimension,” says Matthew Kleban, an astronomer at New York University. Instead, he likes to think of a multiverse as a series of islands.
Take Hawaii, as an example. From Maui, you might not be able to see any other islands beyond the horizon. In fact, you might not even know they exist until an exotic tree — one that clearly doesn't grow on your island — happens to land on your beach one day. Evidence of a nearby universe would be no different than stumbling upon that tree.
Or it might be more accurate to think of the multiverse as bubbles forming in a glass of champagne. Our universe is just one of those tiny bubbles.
X Marks the Spot
The story starts to sound like science fiction when you ponder what would happen if two universes bumped into each another. After all, bubbles in a glass of bubbly collide all the time. It's also true that if enough universes popped into existence, some might form close enough to collide with our own — leaving a temperature bruise on the cosmic microwave background that astronomers might be able to detect.
Such a collision would send a pulse of energy propagating across the universe like the wake from a ship, says Kleban, who has created detailed predictions of the collision's effect.
“If you had something like one of these cosmic wakes, which is a kind of ripple that cuts across the universe at that time, you'll see a particular pattern in the sky,” he says. And because the CMB is a relic leftover from the early universe, that pattern imprinted on the CMB should look something like the unexplained cold spot.
When you use the phrase parallel universe, people imagine some sort of portal into the underworld or some other dimension.
The fact that astronomers can now rule out one of the cold spot's few plausible explanations increases the likelihood that it's the result of a bubble collision, Kleban says. But he notes that it's hard to draw a definitive conclusion — mostly because such an extraordinary claim would require extraordinary evidence. “This doesn't rise to that level, but it's perhaps a step on the way,” he says. “If this is a bubble collision then I expect more evidence to accumulate, at least I hope.”
That evidence might come soon. Astronomers are currently pulling together a map of the CMB that would also reveal light that's polarized, or aligned, like light reflected off a lake. Kleban suspects that the microwaves will reflect off one of these cosmic wakes in a similar manner, thus revealing further evidence of a past cosmic collision.
Related: Misbehaving Particles May Answer Key Questions About Big Bang
With the map slated to come out as early as this year, Kleban is hopeful that we will find evidence of another universe — and soon. “It would be one of the most important scientific discoveries in history,” he says, comparing it to the Copernican revolution, when we realized that Earth was not the center of our solar system. “It tells us that we're even less significant, smaller and less central than we thought we were. So in that regard, I think it would be an amazing discovery. It would have a very big impact on theoretical physics. But more than that, I think it would have a big impact on people's imaginations.”
But Shanks worries about such a discovery. “If I find the pattern that says there is a multiverse that immediately devalues our observation because it could be that this is just one of the billions of universes that accidentally show that pattern,” he says. By proving a multiverse you ultimately prove that it could just a statistical fluke — because, with so many universes out there, it might very well be. “So you're in a catch-22 situation.”
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — A wide-reaching anti-corruption campaign shrouded in secrecy and intrigue has netted more than $106 billion in financial settlements with 56 people remaining in custody, Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday.
Saudi Attorney General Saud al-Mojeb said the settlements reached include seizure of real estate assets, commercial entities, securities and cash.
The statement did not disclose further details on the types of businesses or real estate that was acquired.
The Ritz-Carlton hotel in the diplomatic quarter of Riyadh held dozens of princes and businessmen during the government's unprecedented crackdown. Faisal Nasser / Reuters file
Al-Mojeb said a total of 381 people had been questioned in connection with the unprecedented anti-corruption campaign, which began Nov. 4 and is being spearheaded by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Last week, al-Mojeb said 90 people had been released after agreeing to financial settlements and that 95 were still being held. It appears close to 40 were released since then.
Among those released over the weekend was billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who is chairman of Kingdom Holding and has investments in major Western firms such as Twitter, Apple, Lyft and Citigroup.
He had been detained for more than 80 days at the luxurious Ritz-Carlton hotel in Riyadh, where dozens of high-profile figures were held, questioned and pressured into forfeiting significant financial assets in exchange for their release. It was not immediately known what kind of settlement Prince Alwaleed had agreed to.
Prince Alwaleed was among at least 11 princes and dozens of businessmen and officials detained in the unprecedented sweep.
Critics say the crown prince has used the purge against high-level individuals to wrangle control of key Saudi companies, sideline potential rivals and silence critics alarmed by his rapid rise to power as he prepares to inherit the throne from his father, King Salman.
Saudi authorities say the campaign is aimed at improving the kingdom's business environment and that sums recovered will be used to fund a cash assistance program for middle and lower-income citizens estimated to cost $8.5 billion this year.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM NOV. 26: Inside Saudi Arabia's changing kingdom 1:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The attorney general said the remaining 56 individuals still in custody have not reached a financial settlement "due to other pending criminal cases, or in order to continue the investigation process." Those still held could now face prosecution and prison time, the government has previously warned.
In the statement released by the government, authorities appeared to be trying to assuage foreign investors, saying the review of case files of those accused of corruption "has been completed."
Despite repeated statements that the purge is nearly over, investors remain concerned about doing business in Saudi Arabia, where key business partners and firms could still be targeted. The government has also not officially released the names of individuals detained nor disclosed the specific allegations against them, leading to concerns of transparency and accountability.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Charlottesville Police Chief Expresses Regret After 'Tragic Weekend' 0:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Authorities are still receiving reports of assaults two days after a woman was killed during a white nationalist rally and counter-protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, police said Monday.
The suspect in the killing, James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was ordered held without bond Monday pending an Aug. 25 hearing on a charge of second-degree murder and other counts.
A vehicle drives into protesters demonstrating against a white nationalist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. Ryan M. Kelly / The Daily Progress via AP
Fields is accused of having driven his Dodge Challenger into a group of counter-protesters, killing Heather Heyer, 32, and injuring 19 other protesters. Two Virginia State Police officers also died when the helicopter from which they were monitoring Saturday's protests crashed.
Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas told reporters Monday that his department was opening new investigations into "calls about assaults that are just being reported."
Asked who was responsible for the violence, Thomas curtly replied, "This was an alt-right rally." But he said more than once that many of the confrontations Saturday were "mutually engaged attacks" fueled by "mutually combative individuals."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Car That Plowed Into Charlottesville Crowd Spotted Leaving Scene 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The site of the attack, on 4th Street, was supposed to have been closed on Saturday, Thomas said. Asked how the driver was able to got through, he replied: "I'm not sure."
Photos: Violence in Charlottesville Sparks Outrage Around U.S.
Questions have been raised about law-enforcement preparations for the "Unite the Right" event, which was organized to protest the removal of a statue honoring Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Thomas defended his department, saying demonstrators abandoned plans negotiated ahead of time to coordinate their gathering in Emancipation Park.
"We wanted to ring them in. Unfortunately, they didn't follow the plan," he said. "We wanted to make sure they could leave safely, [but] individuals chose to remain and cause violence."
Thomas said, "We were not intimidated by firepower of the alt-right," but he acknowledged that he had regrets about how the rally was handled.
"We lost three lives this weekend," he said. "We regret this tragic day."
Now that you know who's coming to the B96 Pepsi #JingleBash, you are eagerly awaiting to buy those front row tickets.
To hype you up even more, we've put together this little playlist.
Let's call it a taste of what you can expect at this year's Jingle Bash.
Check it out below!
All #JingleBash related info can be found HERE!
A crowd-funding platform which allows people to invest in property, with as little as a £20 stake, has been launched in Leeds.
Brothers Haaris and Shaan Ahmed from Leeds have founded the online business UOWN which is being backed by city-based Parklane Properties - started by their grandfather Nazir in 1977.
Suitable properties available for let are advertised on the website with a funding period and financial target set.
When it is reached, UOWN purchase the property and profits from the rental income are shared between the investors depending on the stake they have put in.
The properties are managed by a letting agent responsible for finding tenants, collecting rent and dealing with the day-to-day issues.
There are currently three properties in the LS6 postcode area that UOWN is finding funding for.
Haaris said: “Our family has been really lucky to benefit from investment and it now provides income and security to three generations.
“Now it's only fair that we put our heads to good use so that other people can give themselves the same chance.”
They launched the scheme, thought to be the first of its kind in Yorkshire, in November and said they had undergone a rigorous process from the Financial Conduct Authority in being granted compliance for the business as well being acutely aware of the previous housing market crash.
They say UOWN members could see their investments increase by 54 per cent over five years with potential to invest in new builds.
According to national figures, 25 year-olds face an average wait of 22 years until they can afford their first home and home-ownership among the same age bracket has halved in the past 20 years.
PARIS — Henri Michel, who played for France at the World Cup and later coached the team to the semifinals at the 1986 tournament, has died. He was 70.
France's Professional Footballers Association wrote on Twitter that Michel died Tuesday morning.
Michel was an accomplished midfielder who played almost his entire career at Nantes and helped the club win three French league titles. He played 58 times for France, including two games at the 1978 World Cup in Argentina.
In 1986, Michel coached the France team to the semifinals in Mexico. The team included his former teammates Michel Platini, Patrick Battiston and Dominique Rocheteau. France lost to West Germany, and then beat Belgium in the third-place game.
Michel later coached several African national teams, including the Ivory Coast at the 2006 World Cup.
Wanting to build a savage 116 Ok as the title suggests I'm wanting to build a rifle for my brother for a surprise to give him. He's a savage fan so I figured I'd go with what he likes. I'm thinking about trying to keep it under 1500. I've got a few things in mind but wanted to ask you guys for a lil advice. I know where a couple 116 are that are the xp series. Both are 7mm Remington mags. My initial thoughts are to find an aftermarket stock like the BC medalist with ful bedding block ($271 on stockys) and then send it for a new barrel. I was thinking of Hart but thought that they lead time would be a long wait....about 9 months. The other was PAC-Nor. I've read some really good reviews on them as well. But another thing is that I'm not sure what to do about bottom metal to replace all of the plastic. The rifles have the bottom bolt release. Asking price in the local shop are $350 and $425. Ones stock has several scratches but not a dealbreaker since it'd get tossed anyway. Open to any ideas y'all might have.
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding her new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, she told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see her personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting her dressed, and playing with her all the time. “It's just like her little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did she get her chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes she does,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is she getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Danny Salazar finished six innings strong after a shaky start, Michael Brantley homered and drove in two runs and the Cleveland Indians beat the Minnesota Twins 3-1 on Monday night.
Salazar (1-1) struck out seven and retired 15 of his last 18 batters after allowing five hits and one walk over a seven-batter stretch spanning the first two innings. Brantley's groundout tied it in the third, and Edwin Encarnacion's single gave the reigning AL champions the lead on their way to only their third win in 10 games.
Then Brantley took Kyle Gibson (0-2) deep in the fifth inning, raising his career average in 13 at-bats against the Twins right-hander to .385 with four RBIs.
Cody Allen loaded the bases in the ninth, but he completed his third save by getting Joe Mauer to fly out to center field.
Twelve games into the season, the Twins entered with the lowest team ERA (2.46) in the majors, and the Indians brought the highest (5.35).
Salazar had the bases loaded in the first inning and escaped with a groundout. Then Eddie Rosario's RBI single with none out in the second gave the Twins an early lead and put runners at second and third, but Salazar slithered out of the situation with two strikeouts and an infield popup.
Predictably for the Twins and their missed opportunities, the right-hander went on a roll from there. Salazar struck out the side in the sixth, despite a one-out walk. He sent Rosario back empty after missing an 87 mph breaking ball that zipped out of the strike zone to finish the frame.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cleveland: In the best-case scenario according to manager Terry Francona, 2B Jason Kipnis (sore right shoulder) would rejoin the team for his season debut on Friday in Chicago to face the White Sox. The two-time All-Star's rehab assignment was interrupted last week when he was hit on the left hand with a pitch.
Minnesota: CF Byron Buxton, off to an abysmal 4-for-43 start with a majors-most 23 strikeouts, was on the bench for just the second game. Max Kepler played CF, with Robbie Grossman in RF. Manager Paul Molitor said he thought Buxton made mild progress at the plate over the weekend.
UP NEXT
Cleveland: RHP Josh Tomlin (0-2, 18.47 ERA) will make his third start after two ugly turns. He allowed 18 of 36 batters to reach base.
Minnesota: RHP Phil Hughes (2-0, 3.86 ERA) will take the mound for the third time this year, seeking his first 3-0 start since going 5-0 in six turns in 2010.
2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. Pause
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
The acceptance has arrived, the sweatshirts have been purchased and all signs point to college in the fall — but what are you supposed to do if your acceptance is rescinded?
For prospective students at the University of California, Irvine, that nightmare came true. In July, the college took back nearly 500 acceptances, citing over-enrollment. Students and parents were outraged, and the college re-extended many of the original offers.
You may have also heard about the would-be Harvard students whose acceptances were rescinded after it was discovered they had posted deeply offensive memes in a Facebook group chat, violating the university's code of conduct.
The truth is, a rescinded admission — especially on this scale — is relatively rare. But it does happen, and colleges are clear about their policies surrounding what they call a pending acceptance. In fact, when you get an acceptance notification, that's exactly what you've received: An acceptance to the school pending several factors, such as whether your final grades are up to par.
The campus on the University of California, Irvine. David McNew / Redux Pictures
Know the rules
“A lot of times with the kids and parents when they receive the initial acceptance letter, they don't understand that it's pending,” said Dawn Mann, the counselor at Harrison High School in Kennesaw, Georgia. “Actually in the computer, that status is AP — that means you are accepted pending a couple of things.”
Mann tells her students about the importance of maintaining the status quo. “It's not about improving. But the 12th year does matter, and you're not off the hook when you receive that initial admissions letter of acceptance.”
Though Mann has never had a student's acceptance rescinded, she knows that Georgia Tech and the University of Georgia, in particular, have strict and rigorous standards for their incoming students. So if a high schooler hits the news for a criminal act, the colleges will check that teen's name in their system to see if he or she is one of theirs.
So what can you do to prevent — and problem-solve — a potential issue before matriculating?
Know the rules, said Rachel White, a master-level counselor at educational consulting firm IvyWise.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Steve Kornacki: Why I Chose Boston University 2:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“I'm sure it's available on the website, but it's probably easier to ask someone at the school because sometimes it's hard to get through all that fine print,” said White.
“Don't be afraid to pick up the phone and call the admissions office and ask: once all the excitement has worn off and all you've been accepted and you've enrolled, what happens next? What do students need to be aware of — timelines if there's a big deadline coming up when you need to send paperwork or even just register for classes. That stuff should be on the forefront of parents' and students' minds.”
Because applying to college is such a lengthy process, students may want to sit back and coast, said White. But don't. “It almost feels like you've crossed the finish line, but in fact there's still a little farther to go, and arguably the most important stuff is to come.”
'You never know how things are going to come up'
Should disaster strike — you miss a deadline, or there's a dip in your grades or a disciplinary infraction — pick up the phone, the experts advise. Remember that the admissions office is a living, breathing group of dedicated professionals who want you to attend their school — and don't want to punish you if they don't have to.
And be honest.
“I tell my students and parents: You need to disclose information because you never know how things are going to come up, and how admissions officers will find out about certain situations,” said Mann. “But don't write two paragraphs about the mistake. Write one paragraph about it, and your next two should contain the information on what you've learned from that mistake, and how you've used that past behavior to improve how you make decisions now, and how much you've grown.”
The smaller Pixel 3 allegedly won't have the expansive screen or the cutout, the sources said. The 'XL' will feature two camera lenses in the notch and keep the thick "chin" bottom bezel to retain its forward-facing speakers. Both versions will still only have a single camera on the back and use software to imitate the iPhone's 'profile' blurred background effect. The phones will arrive in October (same as the last two years), with Verizon remaining the exclusive US carrier partner.
Other details are even more interesting. The sources noted that Google has talked about building its phones with Foxconn, which still manufactures iPhones. Further, some of the talent Google acquired from HTC in January has worked on the hardware and software for the Pixel 3, which seems like a tight turnaround. An upgraded Android OS with greater AI capabilities is also in the works, which may come as soon as next year.
Arabs hurled stones, Monday evening at vehicles traveling on the Hussan bypass road in Judea, used by Israeli motorists to get from Highway 60 to area Jewish communities such as Beitar Ilit.
There were no casualties and no damage was done.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says drug shortages are possible because of expected long-term power outages in Puerto Rico.
According to the agency, factories in Puerto Rico make nearly 10 per cent of the medicines used by Americans, plus numerous medical devices.
FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in a statement Friday that the agency is working to prevent shortages of about 40 medicines. He didn't name the medicines involved.
The FDA said it is working with drugmakers, who are trying to restore partial operations with backup generators. In the most urgent cases, the FDA is helping companies get fuel to keep their generators running and ship finished products.
Most of Puerto Rico lost electricity when Hurricane Maria hit the island territory two weeks ago.
“The best in the world” was how former chief justice Hilario Davide, Jr. described during a Senate hearing the 1987 Philippine Constitution that he and other members of the Constitutional Commission created by then president Corazon Aquino drafted.
The description may not be completely accurate. But it suggests that because the present charter was drafted by individuals of different political persuasions (Mrs. Aquino named to that Commission even such personalities as the late Blas Ople, who was minister of Labor during the Marcos regime), and the discussions over its proposed provisions were, in former chief justice Davide's words, “exceptionally deliberative and objective,” what was produced was outstanding in several ways.
The circumstances during which the basic law was drafted were also crucial. It was in a sense the best of times. The Philippines had just emerged from 14 years of dictatorship, during which the patriots who comprised the resistance to it had amassed enough experience and insight to recognize the need to defend and protect in the Constitution human rights and individual liberties; to put in place safeguards against the return of authoritarian rule; and to craft a charter committed to the democratization of political power by requiring the State to “guarantee equal access to opportunities for public service, and prohibit political dynasties as may be defined by law (Article II, Section 26).”
The Constitution also explicitly protects, in Article III Section 4, free expression, free speech, press freedom and freedom of assembly. It is for that reason that it is the envy of many journalists' groups and human rights defenders in our neighboring countries, whose constitutions do not endow those rights with the same protection.
Its framers understood so well the value of those freedoms, as well as the important role the press and media play in providing the information relevant to the people's understanding of their economic, social, political, cultural, and natural environments, hence their limiting the ownership and management of the media to Filipino citizens rather than allowing foreign ownership (Article 16, Section 11).
The wisdom of that provision has since been validated by the negative experience of other countries that have allowed foreign media ownership. Australian journalists, for example, complain that much of what appears in foreign-owned newspapers and broadcast networks in their homeland, because they're focused on profitability rather than relevance, is not serious but trivial, and that they publish and air public relations “flackery” rather than meaningful reports relevant to the concerns of their audiences. Instead of encouraging journalistic excellence, they dumb down the news profession.
The long reach of the biggest foreign media conglomerates (media mogul Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.'s newspapers and television companies, for example, reach an estimated two billion people daily) endows them with the capacity to influence and shape the opinions, values, and ideas of their vast audiences and makes them more powerful than governments. And yet, in apparent ignorance of the implications of foreign media ownership on citizen awareness and understanding of public issues, the amendment of Section 11 has been proposed numerous times by members of the Philippine Congress.
In 2014, for example, then-speaker Feliciano Belmonte declared that once Congress convenes as a constituent assembly, it would amend Section 11 or remove it altogether from the Constitution to allow foreign media ownership.
The exact same thing, and worse, is likely to happen today, during the Duterte regime's mad rush to amend or even completely replace the Constitution with one more consistent with its hunger for more power, contempt for human rights, and hostility to the democratic imperative of government accountability. In a cynical display of regime power, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) used the Constitution's Section 11 of Article 16 to revoke online news site Rappler's registration, even as the Duterte regime's “supermajority” is preparing to completely hand over not only the media but the entire country as well to foreign interests.
Former chief justice Davide's skepticism over whether amendments will be proposed and adopted with some amount of deliberation, intelligence, and concern for this country's future is understandable. The very same Congress whose leadership and members are contemplating the extension of their own terms of office, the suspension of elections, and other self-serving schemes, cannot be trusted with amending or framing a Constitution that will safeguard Filipino rights and liberties; assure justice for all; promote the rule of law; enhance and protect Philippine sovereignty; accelerate the democratization process through the dismantling of dynastic rule; and enable the adoption and implementation of those social and economic reforms needed to pull millions out of the deepening pit of poverty.
The shift to federalism from the present unitary form of government is supported by another former chief justice, Reynato Puno, who views it as a means of arresting the Philippines' rapid decline into a failed democracy. And yet other countries with a unitary form of government have not been as outstanding failures in democracy as the Philippines (France is an example), while others under a federal form of government are similarly failing.
The United States federal government itself, under the Donald Trump presidency, has been criticized for its incompetence and authoritarianism, and some US states' continuing descent to police brutality and racism. And although militarily powerful, the US, say informed observers such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Emeritus Professor Noam Chomsky, has acquired such characteristics of a third world country as hunger and poverty among a significant number of its population.
There is an entire library of studies on the characteristics, the merits, the advantages, and the disadvantages of both the unitary and federal forms of government. What is certain is that the shift to federalism in the Philippines cannot be rushed without risking, among others, the strengthening rather than dismantling of dynastic power at the regional and provincial levels and the resulting diminution in the democratic imperative of holding to account governments at every level.
What is crucial to how and when the interminable process of Philippine democratization will ever reach fruition is not so much the form of government as the vision and intelligence, the patriotism, dedication, and honesty of the country's so-called “leaders.” As recent events have amply demonstrated, the sycophants in power possess exactly the opposite characteristics. They are self-aggrandizing and self-serving, are the corrupt creatures of foreign interests, and concerned solely with protecting and enhancing their personal, familial and class advantages rather than the well-being of those they claim to represent.
Former chief justice Davide may not be entirely right. The Philippine Constitution may not be that perfect and may need amendment. Federalism, with its promise of the devolution of power and the enhancement of the independence of regional, provincial, and local governance, may be a preferable form of government.
But amending the Constitution is too serious a matter to be entrusted to clueless knaves who daily prove through their words and actions that they do not have the wisdom, the strength of character, the integrity and the patriotism of the framers of the 1987 Constitution. That task is best done in the best circumstances, and left to men and women better than those who today claim to represent the people but who're only for themselves — and who have thus made these the worst of times for the Filipino nation.
Luis V. Teodoro is on Facebook and Twitter (@luisteodoro). The views expressed in Vantage Point are his own and do not represent the views of the Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility.
www.luisteodoro.com
Published in Business World
Feb. 2, 2018
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on his term as North Carolina's governor
Twitch is the rapidly-growing video game streaming service, of course, which airs esports competitions and lets people showcase their gaming skills to potentially many thousands of viewers.
Don't want to watch someone else play video games? Fair enough – but Twitch has something else on tap that every kind of PC player can get behind: free games. If you're an Amazon Prime subscriber, then you automatically have access to Twitch Prime. It's a service that eliminates ads from videos, lets you grant free monthly subscriptions to support streamers, and now includes several free games each month.
Even if you'll never use the streaming service, all Amazon Prime subscribers should snag the free Twitch Prime subscription and download these free PC games from the Twitch desktop app; they're yours to keep forever. And if you do love and use Twitch, then Prime and its myriad goodies is just the cherry on top.
The selection will change monthly, so we'll keep this space updated as new games arrive. For July, Twitch is giving away a staggering 21 free games in honour of Amazon's upcoming Prime Day, with new titles rolling out daily 'til then. But some are only available for a couple days or maybe a week, so be sure to mind the dates listed below.
It's anyone's guess who wins in Alabama Tuesday night.
Voters in the Cotton State will choose between conservative former Chief Justice of the state Supreme Court Roy Moore, accused by nine women of sexual misconduct but embraced by President Donald Trump and the state Republican party, and Democrat Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney who put two Ku Klux Klan members behind bars but whose view on abortion may prove the deciding factor.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Roy Moore's wife condemns fake news, says 'one of our attorneys is a Jew' 0:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Jones and Moore differ on the issues facing the country, though matters of policy have been largely overshadowed by the scandal dogging Moore's campaign, as well as reports of his extreme views — he has said that America was better off during slavery, linked evolution to crime, and suggested that Muslims should not be allowed to serve in Congress.
Here's where the candidates stand on eight policy issues.
Abortion
Moore's stance: Against abortion
"Babies piled in dumpster, abortion on demand," Moore wrote in a 2007 anti-abortion poem. "Oh, sweet land of liberty, your house is on the sand."
This is a key issue for Moore, and his campaign has hit it hard, going after Jones for his more progressive stance. Moore's wife, Kayla, declared during a campaign rally hat Jones supported “full-term abortion” (there is no such procedure) while a super PAC supporting Moore ran a campaign ad showing an ultrasound of a baby with its heart monitor flatlining as Jones' face flashes.
His campaign did not respond to a request for comment on whether or not he would support exceptions in the case of rape, incest, or to save the mother's life.
Jones' stance: Supports abortion rights
"I'm not in favor of anything that's going to infringe on a women's right, and her freedom to choose," Jones told NBC News' Chuck Todd when asked if he would support a 20-week abortion ban.
The comments stirred up controversy and Jones later said he was supporting existing state law, which already bars abortion after 20 weeks except in cases of life or health endangerment.
Health care
Moore's stance: Repeal Obamacare
Moore wants to ax the health care law, and open up state boundaries to increase competition for health care. His website says he wants churches and charities to help poor Americans afford care, rather than the government.
While he's vowed to uphold the president's agenda, he didn't support the Graham-Cassidy repeal-and-replace proposal Trump supported, calling it “socialized medicine at best," on Fox News.
Jones' stance: Fix Obamacare
He says the Affordable Care Act needs to be fixed, not repealed, and says he's “disturbed” by repeal efforts that could leave millions uninsured. His campaign website calls health care "a right, not a privilege limited to the wealthy and those with jobs that provide coverage.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Women voters will be key to Alabama Senate election 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
LGBT equality
Moore's stance: Against gay marriage, has said transgender people "don't have rights"
Moore has likened homosexuality to beastiality, writing from the bench in a custody case involving a lesbian mother that homosexual behavior is “an inherent evil." He was suspended without pay or judicial power from the Alabama Supreme Court last year for ordering probate judges to refuse marriage licenses for gay couples, in defiance of the Supreme Court's gay marriage ruling. Moore, who said transgender people "don't have rights," also refused an invitation to debate his Democratic opponent "because of their very liberal stance on transgenderism and transgenderism in the military and in bathrooms."
Jones' stance: For equality
Jones has the endorsement of Human Rights Campaign for his views on LGBT issues. He's also voiced support for protecting the rights of transgender people in the military and in public schools.
Crime
Moore's stance: No clear plans
One of Trump's chief rallying cries in support of Moore is that opponent Jones is “weak on crime,” but he doesn't talk that much about criminal justice or reform. He doesn't indicate his position on his website, either. Moore touted the endorsement of sheriffs in a press conference, with one sheriff saying he supported Moore because “he will funnel money our way to help our sheriffs protect our citizens" and help combat the opioid crisis.
According to the Montgomery Advertiser, Moore "said he favored money for counseling and law enforcement, though he did not go into detail."
Jones' stance: Supports criminal justice reform
Running for office in a state with one of the highest incarceration rates, he promised to make criminal justice reform a top priority, starting with mandatory minimum sentences. He supports "creating options for alternative sentencing, seeking to rehabilitate those in the justice system instead of sending all of them to prison at a high cost to their families and to taxpayers."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Roy Moore's opponent focused on Alabama issues 1:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Immigration
Moore's stance: Supports Trump's call for a wall between the U.S. and Mexico
Moore says "the flow of illegal immigrants" both the northern and southern borders are a threat to the nation. He supports tougher immigration enforcement, potentially using the military. He wants to reduce legal immigration, too.
"If a wall is our only option, then we should build it immediately," Moore said on his website.
Jones' stance: Against the wall
Jones advocates border security, but says building a border wall is too expensive — he'd rather spend that money on health care or tax cuts. He argues there would be less illegal immigration if legal immigration were simpler and more streamlined.
Climate change
Moore's stance: Doesn't believe in it, hasn't campaigned on it
In a 2009 op-ed, Moore wrote that global warming “does not have the support of a scientific consensus.” (It does.) He has not campaigned on the issue, refusing to answer questions from the Montgomery Advertiser on the issue.
Jones' stance: Believes in science
Jones believes in global warming, but is quick to note he's still the son of a steelworker and grandson of a coal miner and advocates for job retraining programs and health care to carry out-of-work miners into new careers
He opposes the president's decision to withdraw America from the Paris climate agreement.
Separation of church and state
Moore's stance: Wants Christianity reflected in government
Moore is a Christian conservative, and he's determined to keep those values front and center in his work. As a judge, he effectively lost his job twice over church-state separation issues, feuding with the U.S. Supreme Court over gay marriage and the American Civil Liberties Union over a 5,000-pound granite statue of the Ten Commandments at his courthouse. He's vowed to preserve Christian "values" in the Senate.
“The Church's role should be separated from the state's role. That is the definition of separation of church and state. But separation of church and state was never meant to separate God and government,” Moore said in 2004.
Jones' stance: Religion is no excuse for discrimination, but religious discrimination won't be tolerated
Jones wants you to know Moore isn't the only Christian running, but he said religion is no excuse for discrimination. Asked how he would reassure voters on the fence who want to protect their “religious freedoms, or their guns, their culture,” Jones said in part that he would not “protect discrimination of any sort, in any way, whether it's race, religion, sex orientation or whatever.”
Economy
Moore's stance: Lower taxes, reduce government spending
According to his campaign website, Moore wants a flat tax and reduced government spending across the board — but advocates increased spending on the military. He doesn't support raising the debt ceiling, something that could put him at odds with members of his party who want to dodge a government shutdown, and says he wants to immediately balance the country's budget.
Jones' stance: Lower taxes, raise the minimum wage
Despite Trump's "mostly false" claim that Jones wants to "raise taxes to the sky," Jones supports tax cuts for the middle class as well as for corporations. He's spoken out against tax breaks for the wealthy, but shied away from saying he'd close loopholes.
Jones wants to raise the minimum wage, use legislation to insist on gender pay equality, and curb regulations' effect on small businesses. He has also championed education and training as the best way to boost the economy long-term.
All 13 applicants were interviewed Monday afternoon. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A marathon job interview took place Monday for the open District 21 Metro Council seat.
Council members interviewed all 13 applicants vying for the seat previously held by Dan Johnson.
>> More Political news on wave3.com
It took more than three hours.
Under state law, Metro Council is required to select a qualified person to fill the vacant position within 30 days. The deadline for Metro Council action is December 17, 2017.
The council will vote to appoint one of the candidates at Thursday's meeting - Dec. 14.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts is defending the Senate filibuster rule amid some unusual backlash from his Republican House colleagues and constituents at a conference of independent oil and gas producers.
But Roberts concedes Republicans may have to do away with it in order to pass their agenda.
The sometimes testy exchanges Monday came at the convention of the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association.
Rep. Lynn Jenkins won scattered applause when she called for getting rid of the filibuster, saying Congress is “crippled” right now.
Roberts says Republican control of the Senate can easily flip, noting he has been in the minority more often than he has been in the majority.
Rep. Kevin Yoder reminded people that health care repeal failed even though it only needed 51 votes to pass.
Cyprus household electricity prices rose by 12.6% in the second half of 2017 compared to the same period the previous year, the highest increase in the EU where household electricity prices averaged a 0.2% fall.
Eurostat figures released on Wednesday showed prices in Cyprus stood at €18.3 (average price per 100 kWh) in the second half of 2017, or 20.7 PPS (purchasing power standards). Of this, 22% went to taxes and levies.
The EU average was €20.5 per 100 kWh. Across the EU Member States, household electricity prices ranged from below €10 per 100 kWh in Bulgaria to more than €30 per 100 kWh in Denmark and Germany.
Taxes and levies in the EU on average represented over a third (40%) of the electricity price charged to households in the second half of 2017, and about a quarter (27%) of the gas price.
Across the EU Member States, the highest increase in household electricity prices in national currency between the second half of 2016 and the second half of 2017 was registered in Cyprus (+12.6%), followed by Romania (+7.2%), Malta (+7.1%), Estonia (+6.5%), the United Kingdom (+5.3%), Bulgaria and Belgium (both +4.8%) and Poland (+4.5%).
In contrast, the most noticeable decreases were observed in Italy (-11.1%), Croatia (-7.5%), Slovakia (-6.2%) and Greece (-6.0%). Expressed in euro, average household electricity prices in the second half of 2017 were lowest in Bulgaria (€9.8 per 100 kWh), Lithuania (€11.1) and Hungary (€11.3) and highest in Germany (€30.5), Denmark (€30.1) and Belgium (€28.8). The average electricity price in the EU was €20.5 per 100 kWh.
When expressed in purchasing power standards (PPS), an artificial common reference currency that eliminates general price level differences between countries, it can be seen that, relative to the cost of other goods and services, the lowest household electricity prices were found in Finland (13.0 PPS per 100 kWh), Luxembourg (13.4) and the Netherlands (14.0), and the highest in Germany (28.8), Portugal (28.0), Belgium (26.4), Romania (26.0) and Poland (25.4).
The share of taxes and levies in total household electricity prices varied significantly between Member States, ranging from two-thirds in Denmark (69% of household electricity price is made up of taxes and levies) and over half in Germany (55%) and Portugal (52%) to 5% in Malta in the second half of 2017. On average in the EU, taxes and levies accounted for more than a third (40%) of household electricity prices.
House Speaker Paul Ryan: “We are united… An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.” https://t.co/oPSs17MMVG
https://t.co/F41dfZwsUW — CNN (@CNN) June 14, 2017
Not long after Donald Trump addressed the Congressional baseball field shooting, which left the gunman dead and at least four people — including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-Louisiana) — injured, Speaker Paul Ryan called the House floor to order. And instead of finding himself in the middle of yet another controversy related to the White House or the recent Montana election, the Wisconsin representative offered a passionate condemnation of the attack and praise for Republicans and Democrats' unity in the tragedy's wake.
“We are all horrified by this dreadful attack on our friends and on our colleagues, and those who serve and protect this capitol. We are all praying for those who were attacked and their families,” he told the chamber. “We are all giving our thoughts to those currently being treated for their injuries at this moment, and we are united. We are united in our shock, we are united in our anguish — an attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.”
Unsurprisingly, Ryan's comments here drew a standing ovation from the House members on both sides of the aisle. Yet it was something the Speaker said later that drew further attention to his emphasis on unity, a subject he may have adapted from the president's prepared statement earlier. Ryan was especially moved, he told his colleagues, by a photo tweeted out by CNN of the Democrats' Congressional baseball team at their own practice, in which they were praying for their GOP rivals.
Why it matters to you Paying for data, especially on monthly subscription plans, can get expensive pretty quickly. But Ultra Mobile wants to offer an affordable prepaid plan that can compete with the big dogs.
Forget about what you think you know about prepaid phone plans. Ultra Mobile wants to give you a whole new look at what it means to pay before you talk, text, and otherwise use your smartphone. On Monday, the mobile carrier announced the launch of two new high data plans, which give users 10GB or 20GB of data every month for the relatively low price of $45 and $54, respectively. This marks the largest amount of data ever offered to Ultra Mobile customers.
The company, which is focused on folks with international needs, said that these higher data plans were created to appease customers who, now more than ever, are demanding high-speed data. Citing a recent Ericcson's Mobility Report, Ultra Mobile noted that the average data consumption for 2016 was 5GB, but many other service providers “put international calling at a premium over large data allotments.” Ultra Mobile, however, has the international component built into its plans, allowing customers to pay less for what could amount to more.
“Our customers and retail partners continue to request larger data offerings and we've listened by rounding out our portfolio with these new data plans,” said Tyler Leshney, president of Ultra Mobile. “At Ultra Mobile, we are always looking for the next best way to service our rapidly growing customer base and with these new data plans, we truly see an opportunity to satisfy the needs of a growing customer base while also offering our current subscribers additional upgrade options. As our international customer base grows we will continue to innovative and provide valuable service to our users.”
Ultra is also working to expand its unlimited calling list to more than 60 countries around the world. Some existing plans, like the New $19, already allow for unlimited talk and text across the U.S., along with 100 MB 4G LTE data and calling to over 60 countries for $19 a month. So if you have friends and family aplenty abroad, you may want to take a closer look at Ultra and its latest offerings.
VENICE — “You guys, just say ‘skooozy' and walk through,” a young American woman commanded her friends, caught in one of the bottlenecks of tourist traffic that clog Venice's narrow streets, choke its glorious squares and push the locals of this enchanting floating city out and onto drab, dry land. “We don't have time!”
Neither, the Italian government worries, does Venice.
Don't look now, but Venice, once a great maritime and mercantile power, risks being conquered by day-trippers.
The soundtrack of the city is now the wheels of rolling luggage thumping up against the steps of footbridges as phalanxes of tourists march over the city's canals. Snippets of Venetian dialect can still be heard between the gondoliers rowing selfie-snapping couples. But the lingua franca is a foreign mash-up of English, Chinese and whatever other tongue the mega cruise ships and low-cost flights have delivered that morning. Hotels have replaced homes.
Manx rider Dan Kneen rounded off an excellent Easter schedule at the Irish short circuit races at Kirkistown in Co Down.
Kneen set the ball rolling on Saturday with a race win and a runner-up finish on his DTR BMW Superstock machine at Bishopscourt, where he won the Enkalon Trophy for the very first time.
The 29-year-old was back in action again at the Belfast and District Club's traditional Easter Monday meeting on the Ards Peninsula and Kneen delivered the goods once more on his S1000RR, which is the same machine he will ride this season at the international road races.
The Manxman, who missed the North West 200 and Isle of Man TT last season through injury, was a comfortable winner in the Superbike class as he opened his account in the first race from Charles Stuart on his Yamaha R1, with Mark Glasgow completing the rostrum places.
Kneen also prevailed to win the feature Mayor's Trophy, which he received from Alderman Deborah Girvan, Mayor of Ards and North Down Borough Council.
Once again he beat Stuart and Glasgow to wrap up a double by four seconds and it was just rewards for the unassuming Isle of Man rider, who twice finished as the runner-up at the corresponding meeting in 2016 behind Ryan Rainey on the IFS Yamaha, who has since retired from racing.
The 2014 Irish Superbike road racing champion is now preparing to test the Penz13.com BMW Superbike he will race at the North West, TT and Ulster Grand Prix in 2017 this weekend.
Kneen, who rode for Northern Ireland team Mar-Train Racing last season, said he would have raced at the Around-A-Pound Tandragee 100 if the first Irish National roads meeting of 2017 had not clashed with the three-day test at the Autodrom Most circuit in the Czech Republic.
“I'd love to have been at Tandragee but I've got a three-day test with the Penz guys to ride the BMW Superbike,” Kneen told the News Letter.
“It'll be the first time I've rode the bike and it'll be interesting to see how it compares to the Superstock bike.
“It's difficult for them to get over here to arrange a test so I'm heading over to Most. I've never been there before, so it'll be interesting to see what it's like.”
Kneen, who won the feature race last year at Tandragee, is still on the lookout for a Supersport machine for the season ahead.
“I don't have anything yet in terms of a 600. There doesn't seem to be much out there. I've spoken to a few people, but nothing has come up yet and we'll just have to wait and see what happens.”
Kneen was left without a ride when Mar-Train Racing made the shock announcement in December that the team was calling time on its involvement in the sport.
Meanwhile, Korie McGreevy won both Supersport races at Kirkistown.
In the opener, McGreevy had the edge over Irish champion Jason Lynn, with Aaron Armstrong taking third.
In another close second race, McGreevy made it a double with a hard-fought win over Lynn, with Ross Patterson coming through for third.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester FC boss Jon McCarthy admitted that the 0-0 draw with FC Halifax Town on Saturday reflected better on the Shaymen, but insisted that more positive displays will come for his side.
The Blues played out a dull 0-0 draw with their Yorkshire visitors at the weekend in a game void of much quality in the final third for either side.
Chester's James Akintunde could have snatched a winner at the death to seal the three points and end the Blues' long awaited search for a home win, something they haven't done since December 17, but he was denied and a share of the spoils was the outcome.
In truth, it was hard to make a case that either side were deserving winners, something which McCarthy himself acknowledged after the game.
Said the Blues: “You can't hide it. Our fans would have wanted to win the game and for Halifax it probably looks better for them coming here and taking a point. But it's two games in the National League and we have only conceded one goal, and you know that's how I start things up.
“I think we edged it. There was a strong wind out there and we should have used that much better. There was an opportunity to play some more passes, but it is difficult, a lot of frustration can go round the crowd quite quickly. I have to explain that to them (players), that's not me criticising the crowd, you want to play at a football club with a bigger crowd and they (players) have to learn.
“It was another point in the National League. It was very organised - which is where I start. Delighted with the first clean sheet of the season for Conor (Mitchell) and that back four, but we never really fired with the forward movements. It just never quite connected.”
(Image: Dale Miles)
The Blues travel to Hartlepool United tomorrow night (7.45pm) to face a Pools side who have struggled to adapt to National League football following their relegation from the Football League.
Chester follows that up with a home game on Saturday (3pm) against a Sutton United side who have started the season in good form, building on their excellent finish to last season.
The Blues were 4-0 winners over Sutton at home last year and McCarthy believes that further down the line similar results will be forthcoming when his side click into gear.
“It's a long hard season,” said McCarthy.
(Image: Dale Miles)
“I understand how fans will get their frustration at that (performance) but it is another game that we haven't lost. You know where we are at as a football club and I will make us really hard to beat. There will be those moments when it all clicks, when we get everybody playing and when you get your three and four nils.
“Ross Hannah hasn't played a lot of games and I've got 90 out of him. There is a Craig Mahon who's starting to get some minutes under his belt and become sharper. I lost Nyal Bell the other day who was one of my options to come on, but in terms of what we are working on, in terms of the foundation and the platform, we are alright.”
It's not every day — or every year or every decade — you see Republicans raising questions about whether Democrats were tough enough on gun control when they were in power.
Such is the case now as political debate stirs over a regulatory decision approving the use of "bump stocks" like those possessed by the Las Vegas gunman.
Some Republicans are gingerly asking whether the Obama administration was on the ball when it approved the device in 2010. Gingerly, perhaps, because both parties are in some ways complicit in allowing the device to become available to killers even as they seem willing to join now in restricting or banning them.
A product that can make a semi-automatic weapon fire almost as rapidly as a machine gun was clearly under the radar of political Washington until the massacre of 58 people by a man whose astonishing personal arsenal included bump stocks. Lawmakers in both parties are saying they hadn't heard of the device until this week or known much about it. "A lot of us are coming up to speed (on) just what this is," said House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Here's a sampling of the rhetoric:
KELLYANNE CONWAY, adviser to President Donald Trump: "It was President Obama's ATF, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, in 2010 that decided not to regulate this device. ... That should be part of the conversation." — to CNN on Thursday
RYAN, on that agency's decision: "Was it a regulatory misstep by ATF some number of years ago?" — news conference Thursday
REP. KEVIN McCARTHY, House majority leader: "I do not know why the ATF actually approved this under Barack Obama." — to Fox News on Thursday
THE FACTS: Yes, approval of the device was an Obama-era decision.
But there's more. Republicans by and large did not support Democratic legislation that would have restricted bump stocks. Such a provision was contained in a 2013 bill pushed by Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California.
There's still more, though. The provision was in a bill that had little hope of GOP support because it sought to restore a ban on certain semi-automatic weapons, a non-starter for many in the GOP.
Legislation often contains pieces that might win bipartisan support if they were not entangled in sweeping measures unpalatable to the other side.
So, in essence, neither party in Congress had the foresight to take a clean run against bump stocks and similar devices before they were put to such lethal use.
In a June 2010 letter, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives told the manufacturer that it considered the device to be outside its regulatory jurisdiction, thereby posing no obstacle to its marketing. The bureau noted that the device was intended to help people whose hands have limited mobility and that it had no automatically functioning parts. Constant forward pressure with the non-shooting hand and constant rearward pressure with the shooting hand were required for it to work, the letter said.
EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
New video presents the creativity of the Jewish state as part of the "Inspired by Israel" video contest
"Imagined in Israel" is one of the ten finalists in the Adam & Gila Milstein Family Foundation's "Inspired by Israel" video contest run by the Israel Video Network.
All ten videos are being be featured on Arutz Sheva. The final event, in which the winner will be announced, will be broadcast live here on Arutz Sheva tonight (Tuesday).
Click here for more
Share
A monkey may be able to snap a selfie — but a monkey cannot sue or own a copyright, an appeals court determined on Tuesday, April 24. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) opened a lawsuit against photographer David Slater in 2015 for publishing a monkey selfie, claiming the crested macaque named Naruto that took the image owned the copyright. A three-judge panel in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals denied both parties request for a dismissal for a mutual settlement outside of court and instead delivered a verdict saying that monkeys cannot own copyright — and that PETA now needs to pay the photographer's attorney fees.
The lawsuit stems from an image shot in 2011 when Slater left his camera unattended in a jungle in Indonesia and a curious monkey decided to take a selfie, complete with a big grin. The photographer self-published a book including the image in 2015 — which PETA says was a violation of the monkey's copyright. Wikimedia also refused to remove Slater's photo because as the work of an animal, it wasn't copyrighted, the website said.
In 2016, a judge ruled that an animal couldn't own a copyright, but PETA appealed the decision. PETA claimed that nothing inside the copyright law said that the law was just for humans. In today's decision, however, the judges said that an earlier case, Cetacean v. Bush, said that Congress must explicitly state inside the law that animals can sue. Since there is no animal clause in U.S. copyright law, the judges said that the animal could not own a copyright.
PETA also tried to use “next friend” law in the case, which allows someone to sue on behalf of someone else if that person isn't available to sue (for example, an individual too young to sue). The court, however, said that PETA didn't have a significant relationship with the monkey, which is required in next friend lawsuits. After all, Slater and PETA can't even agree on the monkey's name — and try tracking down an individual monkey in an Indonesian jungle.
The judges even went as far as accusing PETA of using the monkey as a pawn: “Puzzlingly, while representing to the world that ‘animals are not ours to eat, wear, experiment on, use for entertainment, or abuse in any other way,'… PETA seems to employ Naruto as an unwitting pawn in its ideological goals. Yet this is precisely what is to be avoided by requiring next friends to have a significant relationship with, rather than an institutional interest in, the competent party…” a footnote in the published decision reads.
“I thank the judges for their decision today, that comes at a legal cost of berating a previous precedent about animals having at least some Constitutional rights in the USA,” Slater wrote in a Facebook post. “My case may indeed be a catalyst at overturning a previous but limited animal rights victory that granted animals, at least, some U.S. Constitutional respect … I so hope that wild animals are granted more and more fundamental rights in the future — like rights to dignity, survival, homeland, and their evolutionary privileges. They accept us as part of their landscape, with a big smile.”
Along with dismissing the lawsuit, the judges also approved Slater's request for attorney fees.
0:36 Rep. Chris Corley suggests Confederate flag be replaced with a white flag of surrender Pause
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
4:56 S.C. Rep. Chris Corley posts bond on domestic violence and gun charges
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
Miraculously, no one was injured in the collision that destroyed two Cirrus singles
The occupants of two Cirrus aircraft, an SR22 and an SR20, were all unhurt when the SR22 landed on top of an SR20 landing in front of it. One of the planes was part-owned by former Jacksonville Jaguars tight end Kyle Brady, but Brady was not onboard the aircraft. Reports from local media were that one of Brady's co-owners was flying the SR22.
The crash took place at Lt. Kay Larkin Field in Palatka, Florida, located about halfway between Orlando and Jacksonville. Larkin is an uncontrolled airport. There was no word for now on whether the pilots were in communication with each other on Larkin's Unicom frequency.
The accident seems consistent with a type of landing accident that is relatively rare but continues to happen from time to time when one plane loses track of the other landing just below it and immediately in front of it. The common denominator in these crashes is that the second airplane is usually a low wing plane. But even when it's a high wing plane traffic just ahead and below it can effectively disappear beneath the nose of the airplane, especially when it's in the landing configuration.
The NTSB is investigating the mishap.
Cyprus comprises a safe, liable and competitive destination for startups and tech companies aiming for a global outreach, and is fully implementing relevant European legislation, Demetra Kalogirou, the Chairwoman of the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (CySEC) said on Tuesday.
Kalogirou was addressing this morning the two-day conference “Cyprus IT Forum 2018”, in the southern coastal city of Limassol, upon the initiative of Russian citizens working in Cyprus.
In her statements, the CySEC Chairwoman said she had the chance to brief participants about the Commission's monitoring role and inform them on technology and startups- related legislation and regulations.
Cyprus can become the base for companies looking to avoid high costs, while working in line with European Directives and protect investors, she said and expressed optimism with regard to the sector's prospects.
The conference will be also addressed by the Permanent Secretary of the Energy Ministry, the Commissioner of Electronic Communications and Postal Regulation, the President of the National Betting Authority and Invest Cyprus representatives.
DUBLIN, Ohio – After finally reaching the top spot in the Official World Golf Ranking, Justin Thomas was so excited he couldn't sleep.
Thomas was high above the Florida skies following a T-11 finish at The Players Championship when Dustin Johnson's result at the same event ensured that Thomas would ascend to No. 1 for the first time in his career. While it wasn't as climactic as the climbs of Rory McIlroy, Jason Day and Johnson, all of whom reached No. 1 for the first time with a tournament victory, Thomas didn't care much about the path that ultimately brought him to the top.
What he did care about, though, was arriving at the destination. While the world rankings typically refresh each week in the early morning hours on Monday, Thomas explained that he didn't go to bed after leaving TPC Sawgrass before checking the new standings online and seeing his name in the No. 1 position.
Updated Official World Golf Ranking
Memorial Tournament: Articles, photos and videos
“I ended up staying late enough to where I waited to refresh it and saw it. And it was pretty cool,” Thomas said. “Seeing every other golfer in the world behind my name was a pretty fun thing.”
Thomas is now in his third week as world No. 1, and this week's Memorial Tournament represents his first opportunity to tee it up as the top-ranked player in the world. Having taken the last two weeks off, he feels “physically well and mentally fresh” as he gets set for his final prep before the U.S. Open.
While Thomas was all smiles in the interview room Wednesday, he admitted that reaching the top spot in the world rankings felt a bit different than winning a tournament.
“It's odd, because nothing comes with it,” Thomas said. “Like, when you win a tournament, you get a trophy, you get a lot of money, you do a press conference afterwards. Whereas I think I was in the middle of flying home when D.J. finished and I had been told, and it was like, ‘OK, I'm almost home.'”
Thomas had two prior opportunities this year to surpass Johnson at No. 1, notably at the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play Championship when he needed to reach the finals but instead finished fourth. Having reiterated his desire to not only reach No. 1 but maintain the top spot for an extended period, Thomas confessed to taking a screen shot of the rankings page during those early hours when he finally, officially, got to No. 1.
“Why wouldn't you?” Thomas said.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. — Rutgers University removed a professor accused of posting anti-Semitic statements on Facebook from his position as a director at the New Jersey school.
Michael Chikindas will no longer serve as director of the Center for Digestive Health at the Institute for Food, Nutrition and Health, Rutgers President Robert Barchi said Friday. The tenured food science professor was also barred from teaching required courses and will take cultural sensitivity training courses.
Barchi called the situation “sad and deeply troubling.” He said the university is seeking further disciplinary action against the professor through the faculty union.
Chikindas shared over a period of several months anti-Semitic cartoons along with conspiracy posts that claimed 9-11 was orchestrated by Jews, according to university administrators. Officials said Chikindas also referred to first lady Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump, daughter of President Donald Trump, as “sluts.”
Administrators said the posts “perpetuated toxic stereotypes” and were upsetting to Jewish students and staff at the university. The professor will be subject to ongoing monitoring “if and when” he returns to teaching, Barchi said.
Chikindas claimed his account was hacked and denied the posts were anti-Semitic. He previously told NJ.com he does not identify himself as an anti-Semite.
“It is my lifelong credo that all people are born equal regardless of their ethnicity, religion and wealth,” the professor said in October.
The non-profit Israel education organization StandWithUs praised the university for taking action against Chikindas. The organization said the university “did the right thing in the end.”
Chikindas joined the university as a professor in 1998. He became tenured in 2007.
This book tells you everything you need to know to help your organization implement DevOps on the Microsoft platform. You will learn how to use Visual Studio, Visual Studio Team Services, and Azure to implement a complete DevOps process in your company. You will learn about Agile Project Management, Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, Technical Debt Management, Automatic Testing and Monitoring, and see how all these areas fit together.
DevOps is important for organizations that want to make the best use of their resources and avoid costly mistakes. Teams that embrace DevOps deploy code up to 30 times more frequently than their competition and less than 50% of their deployments fail according to Puppet Labs State of DevOps survey.
DevOps on the Microsoft Stack shows you how to help your organization implement DevOps, covering the tooling they will need and how to make everything work together while following best practices. The focus is not only on technology but also on the cultural issues that teams will face when implementing DevOps. The author's goal is to not only show you which tooling there is but help you to successfully use everything together to implement DevOps in your projects and organization.
In this book, you'll learn:
What DevOps is and how it can help development teams
How to use Visual Studio, Visual Studio Team Services, and Azure to setup a DevOps process
How to introduce DevOps to your organization and how to overcome problems
Learn More and Buy Now
President Trump told Fox News that criminal illegal immigrants are “getting the hell out” of the U.S. or being thrown behind bars, as he also took to Twitter to rail against gangs like MS-13 and the Obama administration policies he claims allowed them to flourish in American cities.
In an interview that aired Tuesday morning on “Fox & Friends,” Trump spoke highly of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, who is responsible for enforcing Trump's border policy. Reprising remarks he made at the very start of his presidential bid, he emphasized the importance of removing criminal aliens.
“We've gotten tremendous criminals out of this country,” Trump said. “I'm talking about illegal immigrants that were here that caused tremendous crime. That have murdered people, raped people – horrible things have happened. They're getting the hell out or they're going to prison.”
Trump echoed those comments on Twitter, pointing to Central American export MS-13, a gang thought to be behind a quadruple homicide on Long Island last week. Though the gang has been around for decades, it's grown more dangerous.
“The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS-13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!” Trump tweeted.
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 18, 2017
Deporting illegal immigrants and clamping down on crime were central planks of Trump's presidential platform. As he tightens immigration policies, Kelly and Attorney General Jeff Sessions are planning to visit the U.S.-Mexico border together later this week.
“And so many towns and cities are thanking me because we have gotten rid of a burden that you would not believe. It is a serious problem and we never did anything about it, and now we're doing something about it,” Trump told Fox News.
On North Korea, Trump again refused to spell out his strategy for dealing with the country's volatile dictator. He also wouldn't comment when asked if the U.S. disrupted a recent North Korea missile test via cyber weapons.
“I don't want to telegraph what I'm doing or what I'm thinking … we'll see what happens,” Trump said. “I hope things work out well. I hope there's going to be peace. But you know, they've been talking with this gentleman for a long time … everybody's been outplayed. They've all been outplayed by this gentleman and we'll see what happens.”
Asked what would happen if North Korea were to test another missile – as it has vowed to do – Trump cryptically replied: “We'll find out.”
(New York, New York) – International pop icon P!NK is back with her new single, “What About Us” today at all digital providers via RCA Records. The pop anthem was written by P!NK, Johnny McDaid of Snow Patrol and Steve Mac and produced by Mac. “What About Us” is the first official single from P!NK's highly anticipated seventh studio album, Beautiful Trauma, which is available for pre-order now and set for release on October 13th.
While P!NK co-wrote all 13 tracks on the album, she worked with a variety of songwriters and producers including Steve Mac, Johnny McDaid, Max Martin, Shellback, Jack Antonoff, Julia Michaels, Greg Kurstin, busbee and so many more (full track list below).
This past summer, P!NK has been making appearances at a variety of music festivals all over the world. Still to come are performances at Waldbühne in Berlin, Germany, the V-Festival in the United Kingdom, Tinley Park in Chicago, IL and Kaboo Music Festival in San Diego, CA. Here is the Lyric video below.
For more on P!Nk and her music, Click HERE
Oscar nominee Ruth Negga has said she couldn't wait for her school days to end because she resented the way her teachers would speak to her.
The Ethiopian-Irish actress grew up in Limerick and reflected on her school days telling AnOther magazine, "I was a kid in the 1980s and there were loads of Irish emigration, that's the history of our country – we haemorrhaged people.
"I was very impatient [at school] because I wanted it to be over. It's not that I had a problem with authority, but I remember thinking, 'I don't really want to be spoken to by teachers in that manner. What's their problem?' I kind of resented that."
Likening her school experience to acting, Negga said, "It's kind of ironic because you're being told what to do by someone and it's a rigorous schedule. But I think there was the glamour of being, I don't know, a band of gypsies on tour. I just found the idea of it so freeing."
The 35-year-old star puts her success down to luck saying it "plays an important part in everything."
"I feel very lucky to be doing what I'm doing, like all art, there's an unquantifiable aspect to this job, and there is a huge amount of luck involved," she said.
"But luck is a funny thing; good or bad, it plays an important part in everything."
Negga has received her first Oscar nomination for her role in the Jeff Nichols-directed Loving.
Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga in Loving
Loving tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving, an interracial couple who eloped to Washington DC in 1958 but on their return home to Virginia were arrested. They were sentenced to a year in prison, suspended for 25 years, on condition that they left Virginia. Their case eventually reached the US Supreme Court, which in 1967 overturned the Lovings' convictions and ruled that state laws against interracial marriage were unconstitutional.
Negga will compete for the Best Actress title alongside Isabelle Huppert (Elle), Natalie Portman (Jackie), Emma Stone (La La Land) and Meryl Streep (Florence Foster Jenkins).
The Academy Awards take place in Hollywood on Sunday, February 26.
Loving is in cinemas now.
BARTON COUNTY -The Kansas Court of Appeals reversed a district court judge's decision to set aside the identity theft conviction of a woman who moved to Kansas from Mexico in 2003 without proper documentation to join her husband, according to court documents.
Following a jury trial, Melissa Valles was convicted of illegally using the social security number of a Colorado resident to obtain employment at several Great Bend businesses, according to a media release from the court.
However, the judge who heard the case granted a motion to arrest judgement, essentially ruling that the court did not have jurisdiction over the case.
The Barton County Attorney's Office appealed that decision, and the Court of Appeals agreed that the trial judge was incorrect in his decision. Arguing the State's case to the three-judge panel on the Court of Appeals, then-County Attorney Doug Matthews contended that a change in the law allowed the case to continue even though the language used in the complaint to charge Valles was technically incorrect.
The judges on the Court agreed, holding that the complaint was sufficient since it alleged facts that, if proven beyond a reasonable doubt, would show that Valles had committed a crime in Kansas.
Because Valles understood the charges being brought against her, she was able to present a defense, even though that defense was unsuccessful.
The Court of Appeals panel concluded that the trial judge erred by granting the motion. The case will now be returned to Barton County for sentencing before a different judge
Sean Rayford
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley Confirmed as UN Ambassador
The two-term governor faced questions from Democrats over her lack of experience with global affairs but won plaudits from senators for her handling of prickly issues like Russia and UN actions toward Israel during her confirmation hearings.
Welcome to the weekend. Super Bowl Sunday is upon us. So get those wings ordered if you need to or get thee to a grocery store to grab ingredients for your favorite nachos (I am fond of these “highbrow” nachos, but I've got friends in low places, too). If football is not your thing, and even if it is, here are some articles to exercise your brain. Read on!
Photo
Our chief film critics have chosen essential movies from the 20th century that convey the larger history of black Americans in cinema. Arts
_____
Photo
Fueled by pent-up demand for both outside views and local authors, Kabul book publishers and sellers are flourishing — and feeding a need for escape. International
_____
Photo
In male figure skating, names seem to come and go faster and faster. Partly for this reason, Jason Brown is the only familiar face from the 2014 men's American Olympic team. That he has managed to remain one of the world's most popular and competitive skaters while having never landed a clean quad in competition speaks to his unique position in the sport, but his struggles with it are also what ultimately put him in this year's Games, which start next week, as a first alternate. Magazine
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
_____
Video
How did commuting in New York City become such a nightmare? Our transit reporters tell you, with an assist from some great visuals and even a song. Video
Footpad made every yard of the running to come home an impressive winner of the Frank Ward Solicitors Arkle Novice Chase at Leopardstown.
Paul Townend was positive from flag-fall aboard the 4-9 favourite and only main market rival Petit Mouchoir opted to go with him, as he set a strong pace up front in the two-mile-one-furlong Grade One contest.
Petit Mouchoir, who was returning from 108 days off the track, was noticeably on his toes before the race and clattered the second fence before eventually settling on Footpad's heels as the other three runners toiled some way behind.
With two to jump, Townend turned up the pace on Footpad and while he clipped the final obstacle, the Willie Mullins-trained victor never looked in danger as Petit Mouchoir ploughed on for second, with Any Second Now third.
Paddy Power make Footpad the 10-11 favourite for the Arkle Trophy at next month's Cheltenham Festival.
Winning jockey Paul Townend could not have been more impressed.
"He jumps like a stag, you'd swear he's jumping fences all his life. It was a great thrill riding him, he was deadly!," he told the HRI.
"I thought it was a really good performance and he did it the hard way, making all his own running."
Also speaking to the HRI, Davy Russell, rider of the runner-up, Petit Mouchoir, said:
"We were a bit disappointed because at the start of the season we thought we had the best but it seems there's one better than us. He made two early mistakes and that put manners on him."
Employees at one of Britain's oldest financial institutions have reportedly reacted in anger after being told they cannot drink alcohol during office hours.
Lloyd's of London told staff it had introduced a ban on drinking between 9am and 5pm and anyone caught boozing during that time could face the sack for gross misconduct.
Founded in 1688, the insurance market acknowledged the City of London has "historically had a reputation for daytime drinking", but said the demands of the modern world mean alcohol is off the lunch menu.
According to the Evening Standard, incensed staff shared their indignation at the new restriction on an online forum.
One said it made Lloyd's the "PC capital of the world", while another asked: "Will we be asked to go to bed earlier soon?"
An internal memo seen by the paper said the policy, which applies to 800 employees of Lloyd's, but not the brokers or underwriters from other companies based at the market, aligned the firm with many of its competitors.
"The London market historically had a reputation for daytime drinking but that has been changing and Lloyd's has a duty to be a responsible employer, and provide a healthy working environment.
"A zero limit is therefore simpler, more consistent and in line with the modern, global and high performance culture that we want to embrace."
A Lloyd's spokesman told the Standard: "Our employee guidance was recently updated and provided clarification on the corporation's position on drinking alcohol during the working day, which is prohibited."
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
Ndamukong Suh fires back at LeGarrette Blount: ‘Guys are just children sometimes'
Ndamukong Suh was once again accused of playing dirty in Sunday's game against the New England Patriots, and he once again does not seem to care.
When Suh was informed that Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount called him a “dirty player” who is disliked by some of his own teammates, the star defensive lineman didn't have a whole lot to say.
“Guys are just children sometimes, but at the end of the day you take care of your business and continue to play as I did,” Suh said, per Adam Beasley of the Miami Herald.
Blount was upset after he was flagged for retaliating against Suh, who had shoved Blount as he was getting up off the ground.
“There are not many guys in this league like that guy,” Blount said. “He's a dirty player. He's always been a dirty player. There's no room in the game for that. At some point in time, guys have to defend themselves when he's doing the things that he does.”
Earlier in the game, Suh flattened a Patriots offensive lineman after he jumped offsides. You can see a video of that play here.
Of course, none of this is a revelation. Suh is known for throwing cheap shots at opponents, and he never apologizes for his actions. You could argue that his style of play gives him an edge, but he crosses the line far too often. Blount is only the latest to call Suh out over it.
As many as 79 people died from H7N9 bird flu in China last month, the Chinese government said, stoking worries that the spread of the virus this season could be the worst on record.
January's fatalities were up to four times higher than the same month in past years, and brought the total H7N9 death toll to 100 people since October, data from the National Health and Family Planning Commission showed late on Tuesday.
An Iowa-based chicken broiler breeding farm has initially tested positive for the highly pathogenic h5 bird flu. AP
Authorities have repeatedly warned the public to stay alert for the virus, and cautioned against panic in the world's second-largest economy.
Related: CDC Issues Bird Flu Warning
But the latest bird flu data has sparked concerns of a repeat of previous health crises, like the 2002 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
"It's mid-February already and we are just getting the January numbers. With the death rate almost catching up with SARS, shouldn't warnings be issued earlier?" said one user of popular microblog Sina Weibo.
Other netizens in the Chinese blogosphere worried about the pace of infections, and called for even more up-to-date reports.
The People's Daily, the official paper of the ruling Communist Party, warned people in a social media post to stay away from live poultry markets, saying it was "extremely clear" that poultry and their excrement were the cause of the infections.
Related: Watch Out for H7N9 Bird Flu, WHO Says
"The situation is still ongoing, and our Chinese counterparts are actively investigating the reported cases," the World Health Organization's China Representative Office said in an emailed statement to Reuters.
"As the investigation is ongoing, it is premature to conclusively identify the cause for the increased number of cases. Nevertheless, we know that the majority of human cases got the A(H7N9) virus through contact with infected poultry or contaminated environments, including live poultry markets."
“ This season there seems to have been a slower response to the outbreak, which may be leading to greater numbers of human exposures to infected birds.”
China, which first reported a human infection from the virus in March 2013, has seen a sharp rise in H7N9 cases since December. The official government total is 306 since October, with 192 reported last month.
But others believe the number of infections is higher.
The Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP) at the University of Minnesota last week estimated China had at least 347 human infections so far this winter, eclipsing the record of 319 seen three years ago.
"An important factor in the past waves of H7N9 cases among humans in China have been rapid closure of live poultry markets," said Ian Mackay, a virologist at the University of Queensland in Australia.
"This season there seems to have been a slower response to the outbreak, which may be leading to greater numbers of human exposures to infected birds."
Related: H7N9 Bird Flu Spreads Like Ordinary Flu
The National Health and Family Planning Commission has yet to respond to a request from Reuters seeking comment on the recent bird flu deaths.
Most of the H7N9 human infections reported this season have been in the south and along the coast.
In Hong Kong, where two of the four patients infected with H7N9 this winter have died, health officials said they would step up checks at poultry farms.
H7N9 had spread widely and early this year, but most cases were contained in the same areas as previous years, including the Yangtze River Delta and Guangdong, Shu Yuelong, head of the Chinese National Influenza Center, told state radio.
Beijing on Saturday reported its first human H7N9 case this year. The patient is a 68-year-old man from Langfang city in neighbouring Hebei province.
A second human case was reported on Tuesday.
"It is highly likely that further sporadic cases will continue to be reported," the WHO said.
"Whenever influenza viruses are circulating in poultry, sporadic infections or small clusters of human cases are possible."
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding her new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, she told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see her personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting her dressed, and playing with her all the time. “It's just like her little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did she get her chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes she does,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is she getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
TRUMP AGENDA: 18 Crucial Days
New this morning from NBC's Carol Lee and Julia Ainsley: “Special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to piece together what happened inside the White House over a critical 18-day period that began when senior officials were told that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by Russia, according to multiple people familiar with the matter. The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump, say two people familiar with Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign. Multiple sources say that during interviews, Mueller's investigators have asked witnesses, including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing, to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn.”
The Washington Post offers a look at the rise and fall of George Papadopoulos.
Over the weekend, from the New York Times, on Trump's Twitter and TV habits: “As he ends his first year in office, Mr. Trump is redefining what it means to be president. He sees the highest office in the land much as he did the night of his stunning victory over Hillary Clinton — as a prize he must fight to protect every waking moment, and Twitter is his Excalibur. Despite all his bluster, he views himself less than a titan dominating the world stage than a maligned outsider engaged in a struggle to be taken seriously, according to interviews with 60 advisers, associates, friends and members of Congress. … Before taking office, Mr. Trump told top aides to think of each presidential day as an episode in a television show in which he vanquishes rivals. People close to him estimate that Mr. Trump spends at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that, in front of a television, sometimes with the volume muted, marinating in the no-holds-barred wars of cable news and eager to fire back.”
Bernie Sanders told one of us(!) that Democrats should be careful of “jumping the gun” on Trump impeachment proceedings.
Nikki Haley says that Trump accusers “should be heard.”
The Washington Post, on the big tax rush: “Republicans are moving their tax plan toward final passage at stunning speed, blowing past Democrats before they've had time to fully mobilize against it but leaving the measure vulnerable to the types of expensive problems popping up in their massive and complex plan. Questionable special-interest provisions have been stuffed in along the way, out of public view and in some cases literally in the dead of night. Drafting errors by exhausted staff are cropping up and need fixes, which must be tackled by congressional negotiators working to reconcile competing versions of the legislation passed separately by the House and the Senate.”
“A little-discussed provision in the Senate tax bill could lead to a higher tax bill for millions of small investors and cause many to unload stocks before year-end to avoid those costs,” reports the Wall Street Journal. “Under the Senate's $1.4 trillion tax overhaul, investors would lose the ability to choose which shares they can sell to reduce a position. Instead, investors selling partial stakes in a company would have to unload their oldest shares first, a process known as selling on a “first-in, first-out” basis. Selling those shares usually brings a higher tax bill if the stock's price has been rising. Some small investors are fuming that the new rule would cause them to pay much more in taxes.”
The Trump administration has been ramping down enforcement of federal pollution laws, reports the New York Times.
And Dante Chinni does the math to see how GOP party ID has dropped since the Trump election.
OFF TO THE RACES: One day to go in Alabama
A commission set up to help reform the Democratic presidential nominating process has voted to restrict the number of superdelegates as part of a slew of changes,” POLITICO reports. “The Democratic Party's Unity Reform Commission is recommending cutting the number of superdelegates by about 400, equal to a 60 percent reduction. Many of the remaining superdelegates would see their vote tied to the results in their state.”
AL-SEN: Richard Shelby says he can't vote for Moore, telling CNN “I think Alabama deserves better.”
POLITICO looks at how Trump came around to support Moore.
Alex Seitz-Wald writes that pollsters and pundits agree that Tuesday's race is impossible to predict.
Why was Roy Moore in Philadelphia on the last weekend of the campaign?
The New York Times: “With only hours until the polls open on Tuesday in this unlikeliest of battleground states, Democrats are deploying a sprawling, multimillion-dollar get-out-the-vote operation in an effort to steal away a Senate seat and reduce the Republican majority to a single vote. A constellation of liberal groups outside the state has showered money and manpower on turnout efforts aimed at helping Mr. Jones. But they are working discreetly, hoping to avoid the appearance of trying to dictate whom Alabamians should support.”
SAN ANTONIO — After being run ragged by the Spurs' ball movement for years, Ricky Rubio continues to get some payback in his first season with Utah.
Rubio scored a season-high 34 points and added nine assists, and the Jazz upended San Antonio 120-111 on Saturday night for their fifth straight victory.
Utah shot 57 per cent from the field and had 26 assists in its second win over San Antonio this season.
“We did the extra pass,” Rubio said. “We're trying to play like (the Spurs) actually. We were trying to move the ball and do the extra pass until one guy is open. Sometimes one guy open is not enough and we just take it to the next step where it's a wide open.”
LaMarcus Aldridge had 31 points for the Spurs in the final home game before embarking on their annual monthlong rodeo road trip. It was Aldridge's 10th game with 30 points this season after doing so just five times in his previous two seasons with the Spurs.
He was one of the few bright spots for San Antonio, which lost three times during the five-game homestand after losing just three home games prior.
Despite arriving in San Antonio late after playing Friday night in Phoenix, the Jazz rolled over the Spurs.
“They were inspired, we were poor,” said Manu Ginobili, who had 13 points. “Always late and they got everything they wanted. They got 3s, free throws, mid-range and layups. We were behind the whole game.”
The Jazz were without star rookie Donovan Mitchell, who missed the game due to an illness. Rubio made sure they had no trouble replacing the production of their leading scorer.
“He knew the situation tonight with Donovan out,” Utah coach Quinn Snyder said. “I thought he was efficient. He was taking really good shots and then the second half he started passing and finding other people. That's the sign of a guy that really understands the game.”
Utah was 5 for 8 on 3-pointers in the first quarter, including two from Rubio over second-year player Dejounte Murray.
“He's just being more aggressive,” Jazz centre Rudy Gobert said. “He's attacking the rim and finding his teammates. We just got to be in the right spot. He's a very good passer. He's doing a great job with that.”
Jazz forward Royce O'Neale added 18 points, making all four of his 3-pointers in scoring a career high.
San Antonio struggled offensively in the first quarter as it did throughout the homestand.
“I can't figure it out,” Aldridge said. “We've just got to come out with the intensity that we have in the second half in the first half. We've just got to find ways to get ourselves going early.”
TIP-INS
Jazz: Alec Burks made his first start of the season. He finished with eight points and eight rebounds in 25 minutes. . Rodney Hood played 16 minutes after being listed as probable with a bruised lower leg. … G Joe Johnson sat the game out to rest. … The Jazz beat the Spurs 100-89 in Salt Lake City on Dec. 21.
Spurs: Murray became the first player since Kawhi Leonard with 500 points and 300 rebounds in his first 100 games with the Spurs. … Brandon Paul did not play after being downgraded from questionable with back spasms. … The Spurs' next home game is Feb. 28 against New Orleans.
ON THE ROAD AGAIN
The Spurs hit the road again for their annual sojourn in February, but they enter it under unusual circumstances.
San Antonio has struggled for much of the season, battling injuries to key players like Leonard, Tony Parker and Rudy Gay and trying to adapt to rotation changes.
“It feels like we have played 10 games not 60 or whatever we played,” Ginobili said. “We've got a feeling that we're still building, trying to find our identity, trying to get players back, rotations and who's in and who's out. It's a very unusual situation. I don't remember being in anything like this in (his) 16 seasons, and the crazy thing is we're still third (in the West).”
JUST BETTER
The Jazz have the longest active winning streak in the NBA, which Gobert attributes to one thing.
“I think we're just better defensively,” Gobert said. “It makes the offence better. We move the ball, we share the ball. Ricky's making shots. Just having fun.
UP NEXT
Jazz: At New Orleans on Monday night.
Spurs: At Phoenix on Wednesday night.
Meet the remarkable people who are making a positive impact on our communities and making the world a little bit better.
Play All
Mark Ballard's column runs each week in The Telegraph. Send your questions or comments to P.O. Box 4232, Macon, GA 31208; call 478-757-6877; email markballard@cox.net; follow him at instagram.com/markcreates; or become a subscriber to Mark's Facebook page.
Why I can't condone polygamy – Sylvia Edem, actress
By Tony Ogaga
Once upon a time she hawked plantain and garri on the streets of Cross Rivers State to support her indigent family but today, by sheer dint of hard work and dedication, Beauty Queen, Sylvia Edem has carved a niche for herself both as a model, an actress and now a movie producer.
Penultimate week she hosted the media to a parley for her latest production effort entitled Sandcastle and the beauty opened up on growing up, polygamy and Sandcastle.
“I am from a polygamous family. I grew up working for myself though my father tried but I struggled all the way. I actually did a lot of things to support my family including hawking and all that. I hawked garri and plantain on the streets of Cross Rivers State just to become something in life and that has actually helped in molding me into the strong woman that I am today,”
The actress says what compounded her growing up was that her dad had two wives and the experience was far from pleasant: “He had two wives. The experience of polygamy was not pleasant; it has never been a beautiful experience for anyone. I cannot condone polygamy because I don't want to go through what my mother faced and I don't want my children to face what I faced as a child; it was a harrowing experience.”
Sandcastles
Following the success of Ima, her first movie production effort, Sylvia Edem is set to heat up Nollywood with her latest movie entitled Sandcastle in which she plays the role of a blind young girl who falls in love with the man of her dreams. Sandcastle premieres July 9 and hits cinemas across the nation on July 14.
Speaking with the confidence of a woman who knows her onions, Sylvia Edem reveals: “We plan to take this movie to every state in Nigeria because it is not just your run-of-the-mill-everyday movie but an advocacy movie. One that rekindles hope for the physically challenged.
“By virtue of this movie, the physically challenged will know that they are not different from other people. They will feel loved and accepted and they will know that they can be whatever they want to be. As a matter of fact, we will be giving out free tickets to the physically challenged in every state we screen Sandcastle.”
A romantic thriller, Sandcastle was directed by Edward Ukah and Sylvia plays the role of Timi, a young blind girl who finds favour in the eyes of a prominent man Ayade. Sandcastle also features Wale Ojo, Charles Okocha, Shirley Igwe, Mary Uranta, Sylvia Edem and Bassey Okon Bassey among others.
Sylvia Edem is a successful actress and now a filmmaker. What is the secret to her success? “God,” she says in all sincerity, “It is just God. The little I do cannot be compared to what God does for me; it is the grace of God that has brought me this far.”
For the light-skinned beauty, working with Wale Ojo has been nothing short of a humbling experience. Her visage is animated as she recalls moments with him on set and the advice the veteran gave her: “It was quite exciting because he is so big in Nollywood. I was so happy working with him because he was very encouraging and his advice on set was wow!
“I really appreciate him for that. And you know, whenever I was intimidated by his presence he would just say ‘Sylvia, feel free and just be yourself. There were moments I was trying to hold back but he was like ‘don't do that, be yourself. I know you are a very good actress. I know you can pull this off.
“He really liked the fact that as a young girl I was taking on the challenge of producing a movie and also acting in the same movie. Sometimes it was very difficult but he liked the idea that I could pull it off and all that. There were so many other things like keep on doing what you are doing, don't give up no matter the challenges that you are facing just be focused.”
Sylvia played the role of a physically challenged person, a blind pregnant woman to be precise. How did she pull it off?
She bursts out in a gale of laughter as she responds: “I am an experienced actress though but I guess, maybe, it is because I studied Theatre Arts in school but I know how to interpret characters. It has been part of me; it's a talent. And talking about the baby bump, I have done a role like that before on stage so it wasn't really difficult for me; I guess it is down my alley.”
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There's been a lot of excitement surrounding Dell's XPS hardware in the last few years. Whether it's the XPS All-In-One or the XPS 13, they've been the flagship products in Dell's lineup. They focus on style and design without sacrificing the capabilities you'd expect from a premium PC.
Further in the background, Dell has a line of desktop towers with the XPS branding. We got a chance to review the new XPS 8930, an all-black PC that comes with 8th-gen Intel Core processors and some surprising gaming capability. Our review unit came with the four-core Core i3-8100, 8GB of RAM and, most importantly, the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060, for a retail price of $1000. The XPS 8930 Tower works as an entry-level gaming PC, as well as a simple home workstation. You can, of course, move to a Core i5 for an extra $100, a Core i7 for an extra $250, or up even upgrade to a Radeon RX 580 if you want.
With the rising prices of GPUs, systems like this have become a lot more attractive. But does the XPS 8930 give you a solid base for your future computing needs? Let's dig in.
Safe, familiar, and inoffensive
There's not much you can do to a tower like this to make it stand out. Unless you've got a tricked-out gaming desktop with glowing neon lights, people often prefer these things to sit under desks where no one can see them.
The XPS Tower isn't at all marketed as a gaming desktop and doesn't look like one.
In its recent redesign of the XPS 8930 Tower, Dell hasn't done all that much to spice up the formula. It uses a combination of matte and glossy finishes to create a black version of the gaming-focused, silver XPS Tower Special Edition. This new all-black version of the XPS Tower is nice enough to not want to completely hide it at the back of your desk, but it's definitely nothing new.
It should be noted that the XPS Tower isn't at all marketed as a gaming desktop – and it doesn't look like one either. Compared to something like the Dell Inspiron Gaming Desktop, this is a far more subtle case, relying on clean lines and subdued design choices. It's not a bad-looking product, but it's not nearly as interesting as we wished it was.
The good news is that the case itself feels firm and durable across all the different panels and connection points. Even though the exterior is plastic over a metal chassis, you won't feel much flex or give. On top of that, it's fairly small and light, coming in at 22 pounds, which is lighter than the 30-pound Inspiron or even something like the 33-pound Lenovo Ideacentre Y900. It's also two inches shorter than the Inspiron and an inch skinnier.
Everything you need, and then some
The XPS features a decent selection of ports, mixing in two USB-C ports among a smattering USB-A, an HDMI, Display Port, Gigabit Ethernet, Mic-in, and an SD card reader. In other words, there's plenty of USB to go around here, and everything else you'd need, too. USB-C is nice to see, since more and more devices and accessories are using the newer port type – and especially since it was missing on Dell's Inspiron 5675 Gaming Desktop.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Dell has put a handful of the ports on the front for convenient access, along with the rare optical drive. It makes plugging in a flash drive, smartphone, or peripheral quick and easy. You won't ever run out of ports in the front or wish you had more – and that's a good thing to not have to worry about.
Ready for upgrades — just look closer
As is customary with mainstream market desktops, access to your internal components isn't exactly obvious. But what they've done here is a bit more interesting. In fact, if you're anything like us, it might not be immediately apparent how you even get this thing open. We eventually found a subtle black latch at the top of the back of the tower, which pulled open to pop the side panel out. Once we did have it pulled open, we didn't feel like we could see much more. The CPU was completely obscured and we were immediately annoyed that Dell had chosen to keep everything so cluttered.
Dell calls its tool-less system “innovative” and we agree. We just wouldn't call it intuitive.
Or so we thought. Not unlike the side panel, we found out via the official website that the entire power supply rack swings out to expose the rest of the components. It's a very different way of putting together a PC tower in smaller space — and we've got to applaud Dell for that.
Most importantly, the unique system allowed Dell to pack a substantial amount of power in the chassis — enough to handle some significant upgrades.
Speaking of upgrades, the CPU comes soldered on, so you're stuck there. However, the GPU can be easily replaced. In addition, you've got access to two available slots of PCIe for expansion cards, and two empty HDD slots. While the size of the chassis limits upgradability, there's plenty of room here to level up your specs down the road.
Dell calls its tool-less system “innovative,” and we agree. We just wouldn't call it intuitive. After all, it took us a while to even figure out what we could do with it. But that doesn't take anything away from the fact that Dell made it possible to easily access all the important components without having to break out a single screwdriver.
A secret quad-core CPU
Our review unit came with the Core i3-8100, which is the first time we've tested it in a full PC package. Despite what you may think, some gamers have been basing entry-level builds off this CPU, thanks to the fact that this generation's Core i3 is now quad-core, and fairly affordable. The i3-8100 is obviously positioned on the lower end of the spectrum, but it proved to have some muscle behind it, clocking in at 3.6Ghz.
In single-core performance, we found it to beat out older desktop PCs like the Surface Studio (Core i7-6820HQ) and the Dell Inspiron 27 (Ryzen 7 1700), but not so much in multi-core performance in most comparisons. In real-time usage, we found it more than capable for daily activity and moderate workloads — just don't expect it to edit 4K video. It should also be noted that you can't overclock the i3-8100 — what you see is what you get. It's a CPU meant for efficiency and low power-draw, and in some ways, that's perfect for what the XPS 8930 is meant to be.
The price is where things get a little dodgy. It's not that the i3-8100 is a bad CPU — Dell is just charging a bit too much for it here. It's something that won't be noticed if you aren't pushing your system to its limits, but you might notice it in performance of certain games and other processor-intensive applications. Compared to something like Dell's Inspiron 5675 Gaming Desktop or the Asus G11DF, you're paying just a bit extra for less processing power.
Super fast, super slow
Our review unit came with 256GB of NVMe SSD storage from Toshiba and a 1TB SATA hard drive from Western Digital. The inclusion of the SSD for storage is a big plus, but is unfortunately only available in the higher-end configurations, which is a bit of bummer. For anything under $1000, you'll end with the standard spinning, slow-as-molasses hard drive.
The good news is that the SSD is crazy fast, coming in at a blazing read speed of 2.72GB per second and a much slower write speed of 346MB per second. The extreme difference is a bit odd, though it's hard to complain about a read speed that fast. As expected, the hard drive is much slower by comparison, though it's roomy 1TB of storage is always nice to have — just don't expect to pull files from it quickly.
Gaming wasn't an afterthought
The thing most people will want to know about this relatively inexpensive desktop is whether it can play games. The answer is yes, especially when you're talking about 1080p.
Featuring the capable Nvidia GTX 1060 GPU with 6GB of GDDR5, we found game performance to be smooth, handling For Honor at a steady 77 fps (frames per second) on Extreme. It even handled Deus Ex: Mankind Divided better than some of its competitors, averaging 51 fps on High graphics setting, over the MSI Trident 3 and the Asus G11DF. Meanwhile, in our 3DMark tests, we found the XPS 8930 to be competitive with the MSI Trident 3, a compact gaming PC that features the same graphics card. It's hard not to be impressed, considering the look of the chassis and the price you paid. Performance in Civilization VI was similarly fluid, hitting 62 fps on Ultra.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
It continued to outperform its competitors in Battlefield 1, where we tested it at both Medium and Ultra graphics detail in 1080p. Either way, you're getting a lot out of that GTX 1060, surpassing framerates from desktops like the Asus G11DF and MSI Trident 3. Obviously, you'll get more from a system with a GTX 1080 — or even the Dell Inspiron 5675's Radeon RX 580, which landed 93 fps in Battlefield 1 — but we were quite happy with how well XPS 8930 could handle our game tests in 1080p.
We also took it for a spin on a 1440p display to see how many pixels the GTX 1060 could push. The XPS 8930 was up for the challenge, breezing through games like Battlefield 1 and Civilization VI on Ultra, getting 60 fps or higher in 1440p.
However, as you can see, the XPS 8930 hit a bit of a wall when we tried running Deus Ex on Ultra mode in 1440p. It squeezed out only 34 fps. Gaming at 1440p on the XPS 8930 can be done, but you'll find that there are limitations in terms of what games and graphics settings you can use. We even tried Battlefield 1 in 4K for kicks, and the results weren't great (around 31 fps), but it was still playable.
Overall, we were surprised at well the XPS 8930 handled pretty much everything we threw at it. Clearly, the GTX 1060 is a capable little GPU and should last you well into a couple of game cycles before you want to upgrade. And don't forget, in addition to gaming, the high-performing graphics card means things like 3D rendering and photo editing get easier too.
Warranty
The XPS 8930 comes with a basic 1-year hardware service, which includes in-home service bundled into the price. That's not bad, but you may want to jump up to one the Premium Support plans, which range from an extra year up to four years of support.
Dell XPS 8930 Tower Compared To
Our Take
The Dell XPS 8930 Tower is made for a small demographic of people. It's not a dedicated gaming PC, meaning it doesn't go far enough in terms of custom cases or expandability options. However, it's a good option for families who want a shared desktop that can be used for work in a home office, as well as great game performance.
Is there a better alternative?
You might think building your own dedicated gaming rig is your best alternative, but these days, high GPU prices make something like the XPS 8930 a much more attractive offer. However, there are some very strong alternatives that you should check out before buying.
The first is the Dell Inspiron 5675 Gaming Desktop, which offers better overall value. You can get a similar package to the XPS 8930 for just $750, or a significantly better Core i7-8700 and GTX 1060 for $1000. The design is not as understated as the XPS, but it wouldn't look completely out of place in a home office, either. The only downside is at that configuration, you only get the 3GB version of the GTX 1060, as well as a smaller 128GB SSD compared to the XPS's 256GB.
Another possible option is something like the MSI Trident 3, which has quite a different form factor, but some very comparable performance. It comes at an additional cost, however, making the XPS 8930 a better value. Meanwhile, the $1000 Asus G11DF isn't exactly a looker, but delivers a more gaming-focused package with the Ryzen 5 and GTX 1060 — and some impressive performance results. In addition, the G11DF can be configured with the GTX 1070 and Ryzen 7 if you so please.
How long will it last?
As far as ports go, there's a nice array of legacy and future-proof. In addition, there's plenty of room here to upgrade, meaning you could start with something a bit humbler, and eventually save up enough nickels for some upgraded components.
Should you buy it?
Yes, if you want or need a jack-of-all-trades. The Dell XPS Tower isn't the best value in any specific area, but it does everything well, making it a good choice for a family PC, or anyone who wants to work hard, play hard on a single desktop machine.
What We Know About ‘Teardrop', The Dangerous Woman Scamming Drivers Around Cape Town
Depending on the area, warning posts trickle through Facebook and WhatsApp groups, sharing with communities the most recent sightings of a dangerous woman that has become notorious in certain areas:
“”TEARDROP” at top of Military Rd Steenberg!” “Soooo…I thought “Teardrop” was supposed to be “banished” from the area, under threat of arrest – but no, she was at the Main Road/Atlantic intersection and got picked up by a taxi!” “Teardrop in Checkers parking area….” “Teardrop is outside my shop in kirstenhof. Who so I phone?”
After a reader reached out to us, asking if we knew anything about the woman, we did some digging. Turns out there's plenty about her online, and her modus operandi goes a little something like this:
Targeting unsuspecting drivers (usually male, usually alone), she requests lifts. Once the caring individual has started driving, she tends to make small talk before demanding money. If denied, she even goes so far as to threaten to accuse the driver of rape.
If she approaches you in shopping centres, she will physically assault individuals and make huge scenes if denied money.
She has been spotted in areas as far south as Kommetjie, and between Muizenberg and Hout Bay. The bottom of Ou Kaapse Weg and Military Road intersection are two favourite spots.
Oh, and she is easily identified by a teardrop tattoo on her face, hence the name “Teardrop”:
And some more shots of her in action:
A Facebook post by Kelly Kisten gave some more details:
I'M SHARING THIS BECAUSE I PERSONALLY SEE THIS GIRL BUSY OUTSIDE OUR SHOP ON DIEP RIVER MAIN ROAD.. SCAREY SHIT.. Please be aware that there is a lady who has moved to the Constantia Nek area, requesting lifts and hitchhiking, preying on caring individuals. She is well known to the Noordehoek and Tokai community, and is easily identified by a teardrop tattoo… Well known to the police, various agencies have attempted to assist her to get on the right track to no avail. This is purely to ensure the Hout Bay community is aware of her intentions, as she has caused a considerable amount of trauma to many individuals on the other side of the mountain.shes everywhere plz be extra carefull picking her up.shes dangerous… …victims have noted that they were followed by someone who then picked her up where ever she was dropped off, this driver acts as her ‘getaway' car but also had been involved in malicious activities claiming to have witnessed an attempted rape or assisting in the assault. This woman is dangerous.
If you have yet to encounter Teardrop, count yourself lucky. Otherwise, be vigilant.
As much as this woman needs help, it's really difficult to give it if she doesn't want it.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BOSTON — Reigning New York City Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan will run in Boston next year in a fourth attempt to win her hometown race.
The four-time Olympian and reigning Chicago Marathon champion will be joined on the men's side by Galen Rupp in a field of elite Americans announced Monday by race sponsor John Hancock. Olympians Desiree Linden, Dathan Ritzenhein, Abdi Abdirahman, Deena Kastor and Molly Huddle also are signed up for the 122nd edition of the world's oldest annual marathon, which is being held April 16.
Last month, Flanagan became the first American woman to win New York since 1977. No U.S. woman has won Boston since 1985. But last year the Americans had their best finishes since then, grabbing two of the top four women's spots and six of the top ten for men.
DISASTER! CA Gov. Jerry Brown Signs Bill, California Is A Sanctuary State- It's All Over
The left coast state of California is bonkers. And we have proof!
California Democratic Governor Jerry Brown has now confirmed that they are a “sanctuary state” after signing Bill 54. That means they're so happy to flaunt federal law that they're risking going bankrupt.
Last November after winning the election, Trump announced a plan to pull federal funding for sanctuary cities. Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said that losing their funding would end in bankruptcy. Imagine a child telling you that you'd better keep the allowance coming, but they can't afford the lifestyle you disapprove of without your cash handouts. In 2015, California was getting $93.6 billion from the federal government. And they'll keep getting those massive handouts if they just follow the law of the land and stop supporting illegal aliens. The findings of the Inspector General empowers Jeff Sessions to cut funding to cities including New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Washington, D.C. if they do not comply with federal law.
Since this is such a fresh signing, we still don't know how the Trump administration plans to react, but I'm sure they've been waiting with a response in the wings. We've still got a few hours left before the Press Secretary signs out for the day.
Governor signs bill making California a sanctuary state https://t.co/EZOAZ3fy3C pic.twitter.com/vj3V91UgCt × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now — The Hill (@thehill) October 5, 2017
The measure that was passed by the majority Democratic California legislature prevents the state's police from questioning any detainee about their citizenship and immigration status. Further, it blocks police agencies from “complying with detainer requests from federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents.”
It's estimated that a full 65% of all deportations are from the joint work involving local, state and federal enforcement officers, including Border Protection.
Worse still, Bill 54 is being called the California Values Act and it affects schools, health centers and court houses to “establish policies limiting immigration enforcement that may be executed on their premises.” So does that mean that teachers aren't allowed to teach students the age-old exercise of mapping out their family history? Can doctors not ask about family medical history or recent travels? And what about courts?
Late this summer a Californian judge kicked ICE out of their courthouse prematurely in preparation for the passing of the California Values Act. Since the bill prevents any ICE agents from accessing jailed criminal aliens for interviews without the need for a judge-granted warrant, State Chief Justice Tani Cantil-Sakauye took it upon herself to remove the ICE agents before the bill was even signed into law.
2:04 Miami Heat's Waiters says "it looks real promising" he'll return for West Coast trip Pause
1:36 Miami Heat's Hassan Whiteside talks about being poked in his right eye
1:33 Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra talks about Boston Celtics' Isaiah Thomas' 52-point night
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
K-State's Institute for the Health and Security of Military Families invites K-State students, faculty and staff to join Fort Riley's Victory Fest on Saturday, Aug. 19, at Fort Riley's Marshall Army Airfield. Activities include a concert from Eli Young Band, All American Rejects, Charlie Daniels Band, Lit, fireworks and other family-friendly activities.
Representatives from Fort Riley will host a booth with discounted tickets for K-Staters from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 15, and Wednesday, Aug. 16, at the K-State Student Union. Child ages 4 and under are free. Attendees can use a driver's license or student ID to access Fort Riley through the Henry Gate entrance off of I-70.
The event is co-sponsored by K-State's Office of Military and Veterans Affairs.
General News of Sunday, 1 January 2017
Source: The All-Africa Students Union
News Release
[Issued By The All-Africa Students Union – AASU]
AASU WISHES ALL STUDENTS OF THE CONTINENT A HAPPY 2017 WE HAVE GREAT
EXPECTATIONS!
Released: 01 Jan 2017
On the occasion of the dawn of the 17th year of the 21st century, the Union wishes to
extend its best wishes to you. Wishing for you all a happy and blessed new year with
the hope that we will have many great fortunes in the year to come full of love, good
health, prosperity, success in our endeavors Â hope and peace in Africa. May the
almighty God continues to guide and protect Africa and the leaders of Africa.
The past year has undoubtedly seen a lot of successes as well as challenges.Â In
2016, we have contributed enormously to policy aimed at improving quality and access
to education on the African Continent, we have campaigned fiercely against
dictatorial regimes, we have resisted oppression against students in all its forms,
we have campaigned vehemently against human rights abusesÂ notable among them being
the wrongful incarceration of the President of the Liberia Students Union (LINSU),
Mr. Varney Jarsey. The lack of adherence to proper legal means in putting him and
keeping him behind bars is repugnant and deserves condemnation in no uncertain terms;
we will continue to fight to ensure that his human rights are not further trampled
upon beyond what has already occurred.
A just recent success is that, the Union held successful elections in our 12th
Elective Congress held in Khartoum, Sudan. Its a great opportunity also to extend the
gratitude of the students of the Continent to the immediate past Executives for
diligently serving the students of the Continent in what seems a thankless task.
The new leadership, with a renewed commitment, will work assiduously towards the
betterment of education on the Continent and other related concerns on our beloved
continent. Our advocacy will be focused and collaborative with our stakeholders.Â As
we are in a New Year, we wish ourselves nothing short of success in our numerous
endeavours geared towards improving education, democratic governance and the
advancement of Human Rights, Technology and Innovation.
In 2017, AASU will continue to reposition and affirm itself as the foremost and
viable continental student movement. We will be looking forward to increase
stakeholder partnerships, particularly with civil society; we will also strengthen
our working relations with the agencies of the African Union (AU) and its
Sub-Regional Blocs, and the United Nations (UN) and its component institutions; we
will further strive to make collaborations with sister student movements more
effective to ensure that AASUs ability and capacity to deliver on its mandate to the
students of Africa will realize.
We appreciate the efforts of all stakeholders and especially the Governments of Ghana
and Sudan for supporting the Union and look forward with optimism to forging and
welcoming new partners in this year.
Have a joyous New Year, comrade leaders of Africa. A new year is like a blank book,
and the pen is in your hands – it is your chance to write a beautiful story for
yourself and for Africa, so let's make the best use of our time and resources to
make Africa the Continent we would love to see today and tomorrow.
Signed,
H.E PETER KWASI KODJIE
11th Secretary General (Head of Mission)
All-Africa Students Union (AASU)
Tel: +233242879028Â |Â +233502672146
Email: [email protected]
Alt Email: [email protected]
Skype ID: freekodjie
When I think of autism, I think of a pernicious disorder that doesn't discriminate. It doesn't care if you're White, Black, Asian or Hispanic, autism hits all racial and ethnic groups the same—an indiscriminate disorder that impacts thousands of families each year.
And the number of cases diagnosed each year is growing exponentially. In the 1970s and 1980s, about one of every 2,000 children was diagnosed with autism. Today, that number is about one in 64, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
Despite the mushrooming number, there is an alarming lack of awareness when it comes to African Americans with the disorder. Police officers, who may encounter a black person with autism on the street, are woefully unprepared to handle such encounters, and physicians, surprisingly, have a hard time even diagnosing autism in black children.
According to the CDC, while many children are diagnosed with autism at around 2 years old, researchers have determined that African-American children may be diagnosed as much as 18 to 24 months later. The research shows that even when Black parents suspect a problem early on and take their child to a pediatrician, their concerns are far too often brushed aside; parents are cavalierly told things such as "their child will be fine," or that he or she is just a "late bloomer."
Areva Martin, civil rights attorney and founder of Special Needs Network. Areva Martin
The harm caused by a late diagnosis cannot be overstated. Clinical research shows the first two years of a child's life are a crucial stage in brain development where children are learning many of their basic social and language skills, such as engaging in conversations and play. In studies, early intervention has shown to ameliorate the effects of autism. But not only are African American children diagnosed with autism later than their white peers, they are also referred to specialists less often and are less likely to receive medical tests. And even when these children are seen by healthcare professionals, they are often misdiagnosed as having another condition, such as ADHD or a conduct disorder. These systemic biases manifest themselves in other agencies and systems of care as well.
Related: Dr. Hadiyah Green Wants to Use Lasers to Kill Cancer Cells
All of which points to a larger problem: autism is mostly seen as a white disease. Nearly all genetic research on autism involves Caucasian children, and one is hard pressed to even find studies that include African-American children. The lack of research leaves many parents at a loss when seeking treatment options and securing interventions that are culturally relevant and appropriate to meet their child's unique needs.
With a lack of studies existing on Black children with autism, and with very little awareness in society overall on how this disorder impacts black families and individuals, it's little wonder that the law enforcement community has almost no understanding on how to interact with our young people on the autism spectrum, creating opportunities for potentially dangerous encounters. I recently witnessed this lack of sensitivity first-hand.
As the founder of the Special Needs Network, a lot of my work involves helping families with children on the autism spectrum, with a focus on families in underserved communities. And not too long ago, I received an urgent call from the parents of a 15-year-old African American teen named Jaylan Milek Lewis. Jaylen, who has autism, had suddenly gone missing from his family's home, and his parents were at their wits ends searching for him. His mother personally went into her local sheriff's department to file a missing person report and to seek assistance in searching for him.
Related: The Urgent Need for Black Bone Marrow Donors
After more than 3 days, nothing had been done to find Jaylan beyond taking a report. His case had slipped through the proverbial "cracks." It took a full court press by my team at Special Needs Network, a host of concerned parents, news reporters and even celebrities like Whoopi Goldberg, Kym Whitley, Amy Schumer and Sherry Shephard—who took to Twitter to circulate his photograph—to convince law enforcement to elevate the tactics used to search for Jaylen. After two press conferences, extensive media coverage, and organized searches, Jaylen was safely returned to his home. For 5 harrowing days he was separated from his family. We later learned, he spent several nights in random homeless shelters. Sadly, Jaylen even spent a day sleeping on the streets of Los Angeles.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Inspiring America: Julia, an Autistic Muppet, Makes Her TV Debut 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Law enforcement wasn't callous or uncaring about Jaylen, or the extreme distress his family experienced during this ordeal. They simply don't understand our kids. They simply didn't know that children with autism are more prone to wander away from home or school; and that many are unable to communicate their name or address. They don't understand how our children from outward appearances seem normal, but at the same time suffer from severe social and emotional deficits. Police don't understand that our children have trouble accessing danger, and when a special needs teen goes missing, they don't see the potential for tragedy. Lastly, law enforcement didn't know that finding kids on the spectrum requires unique training and specialized techniques.
Jaylen's story is indicative of the lack of understanding in general when it comes to autism. This gets magnified in the African American community where racial and even class biases often play a role in how families are treated by law enforcement and other agencies. In Jaylen's case, one can't help but wonder if law enforcement would have had a greater sense of urgency if Jaylen were White or affluent?
Related: Christen Johnson is Pushing For Diversity In Medicine
During National Autism Awareness Month, we have an opportunity as a nation to highlight stories like Jaylen's and to have critical conversations about ending disparities in diagnosis and treatment of African American kids on the spectrum. Acceptance and awareness are key, but there also needs to be more federal and local dollars directed to clinical research that's specifically dedicated to African American children.
There needs to be more access to healthcare, specialized tutors, therapy and training in the law enforcement community. And above all, there needs to be a greater awareness and sensitivity to African American children on the spectrum, and their families, because just like their white peers black children with autism deserve to live the best lives possible.
Areva Martin, Esq. is a civil Rights Attorney and founder of Special Needs Network and mother of a teen on the Spectrum.
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
A viral video posted on Facebook shows the moment that Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe, a lesbian couple, realized they both brought an engagement ring to the Memphis Zoo with the plans of proposing. Screenshot from Jessa Gillaspie's Facebook
There will also be a guest speaker from the UT Health San Antonio school! Also, come and enjoy free Chick-fil-A! We will also be giving out more information on the ASBMB certification exam to boost up your resumes!
This announcement is represented by a registered student organization.
A young Palestinian-American is the driving force behind a nascent #MeToo movement in this patriarchal corner of the world, selling T-shirts, hoodies and denim jackets with the slogan "Not Your Habibti (darling)" as a retort for catcalls and writing down women's complaints from her perch in a West Bank square.
Yasmeen Mjalli wants to encourage Palestinian society to confront sexual harassment, a largely taboo subject.
"What I am doing is to start a conversation that people are really afraid to have," said Mjalli as she put her merchandise on hangers in a clothing store.
The 21-year-old has faced backlash from conservatives and from some activists who say fighting Israel's occupation is the priority for Palestinians.
Her parents, who grew up in a Palestinian farming town, immigrated to the United States and returned to the West Bank five years ago, weren't pleased, either.
"To be able to have peace with them, I have to check my feminism at the door, which is very difficult because that's really who I am," said Mjalli, who moved to the West Bank last year, after graduating from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro with a degree in art history.
Mjalli and other activists say that starting a conversation about sexual harassment doesn't mean copying the #MeToo movement in the United States, where victims are speaking out in growing numbers.
Cultural differences require a different approach.
Women across the Arab world have made strides toward equality, outnumbering men in many universities and joining the work force in growing numbers. Yet they struggle to break free from the constraints of patriarchy.
Traditional Arab societies assign rigid gender roles, with men as guardians of their female relatives' "honor" — effectively a ban on male-female friendships or sex outside marriage. Women violating those rules risk being ostracized or — in extreme cases — being killed by male relatives, who count on leniency from the courts.
Rules are looser among urban elites. But even in Ramallah — the most liberal West Bank town with many Western-educated Palestinians and foreigners — women watch their step.
Women risk getting blamed if they complain, said Wafa Abdelrahman, who runs a closed Facebook group for female journalists. "The blame will be, 'for sure, you did something wrong or you gave the wrong signal, the way you dress, the way you talk'," she said.
University student Nadine Moussa, 22, said women know the trouble spots.
"I never ever walked in the city center of Ramallah without being harassed verbally, but I don't face that in the neighborhoods," she said, adding that her co-ed campus is relatively safe.
Palestinian police receive few complaints about street harassment, said spokesman Loay Irzeqat. He believes some women fear unintended consequences, such as male relatives attacking accused harassers.
Police mostly deal with online harassment, with about one-third of some 2,000 electronic crimes cases in 2017 revolving around men blackmailing women for sexual or financial gain, he said. Typically, extortionists threaten to publish photos deemed compromising, such as showing a traditional woman without her headscarf.
Women lack legal protection, despite improvements such as the establishment of a police sex crimes unit, said Amal Kreishe, founder of the Palestinian Working Woman Society for Development to which Mjalli donates some of her proceeds.
Reforms of the penal code have been held up by the collapse of Palestinian parliament as a result of a decade-old split between President Mahmoud Abbas' West Bank autonomy government and the militant Hamas group in Gaza. Abbas has ignored appeals to change the code by decree in the meantime.
"All the talk about women's equality and rights is lip service," said Kreishe.
Still, Kreishe has witnessed gradual changes. More women seek counseling from her group, which has referred about 200 complaints to police over the past two years — compared to a few dozen in previous years.
Across the Arab world, the prevalence of street harassment varies.
In Egypt, it remains widespread despite pushback from civil society and a 2014 law threatening up to five years in prison. Cairo has been described by some as the world's most dangerous mega city for women.
In the conservative Gulf Arab region, street harassment is relatively uncommon in smaller countries where religious and tribal codes restrict interactions between unmarried men and women.
In Saudi Arabia, it has become an issue of debate, as women prepare to drive for the first time this June, following the lifting of a government ban. In recent years, several videos went viral showing Saudi women in long black robes being heckled by men. Saudi King Salman has approved legislation criminalizing sexual harassment.
In the West Bank, Mjalli is pushing boundaries with what she calls "typewriter events."
On a recent day, she sat behind a table in Ramallah's Clock Square, taking notes on a typewriter — chosen over a laptop as an attention-getter — as women sitting across from her shared stories about harassment. The event was also meant to generate support for passing laws protecting women, she said.
Her idea of designing clothes with a feminist message goes back to college.
At the time, she decorated her denim jacket with "Not your Habibti," a take on the popular "Not Your Baby" slogan that reflected her Arab roots. Mjalli posted a photo of the jacket online last year for International Women's Day, stirring interest from potential buyers.
For a few months, she bought, transformed and sold second-hand jackets. In August, she launched her business, Baby-Fist, with workshops in Gaza and the West Bank making T-shirts, hoodies and jackets.
Mjalli estimates she has sold close to 500 pieces, with about 70 percent of her sales in the diaspora.
Skeptics expect limited impact on Palestinian society.
Nader Said, a Palestinian pollster, said public discourse is crowded with issues seen as more pressing, mainly Israel's occupation of the West Bank and other lands Palestinians seek for a future state. Respondents listing top concerns in a survey ranked women's rights near the end, he said.
Abdelrahman, the activist, cheered on Mjalli.
"I am open to all things that will open up this dark closet that we prefer to hide in, pretending that everything is alright," she said. "Let's open it and see what comes out of it."
———
Follow Karin Laub on Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/karin—laub
———
On the Web:
http://www.pwwsd.org/
https://baby-fist.com/
———
Associated Press writers Mohammed Daraghmeh and Areej Hazboun in Ramallah, West Bank, Sam Magdy in Cairo and Aya Batrawy in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.
There was some doubt whether Channel 4 would bring back winter sports talent show The Jump for a fourth series after ratings fears and complaints that the show was too dangerous dogged the series.
However, fans of watching b-list celebrities fall flat on their face in the snow will be pleased to know that the Davina McCall-fronted reality talent-fest will be back, with a brand-new batch of snowy stars.
Check out all The Jump 2017 contestants below – and see who's already been forced to leave due to injury here.
Spencer Matthews
Full profile, videos and more
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina — It's been an uneven week for Daniel Hemric.
The 26-year-old driver arrived at Charlotte Motor Speedway with a new contract with Richard Childress Racing, keeping him in the team's No. 21 Chevrolet in the Xfinity Series next year.
But the rookie, one of 12 drivers in the Xfinity playoffs, also entered the 1.5-mile track without three key crew members who are suspended for the next four races.
Crew chief Danny Stockman Jr., car chief Clint Almquist and engineer Luke Mason were suspended after a piece of tungsten ballast fell off Hemric's car on pit road at Dover.
They will not be eligible to return until the season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The suspension comes with Hemric sitting fifth in the standings, 37 points above the first driver outside a transfer spot. The Round of 8 fields will be decided by Saturday's Drive for the Cure 300.
But Hemric believes his team will be unfazed by the suspensions due to RCR's depth and experience. Randall Burnett, a former Cup crew chief, will serve as crew chief of the No. 21.
“Obviously, we accepted what happened,” Hemric said Friday. “We know it's unacceptable and we're not very proud of how it all went down on our end. But I talked about the depth of the company earlier and how we answer those calls, that depends on us. I feel solid with the group of guys we have to move forward with. I know Danny Stockman and my engineer back at the shop are still very, very, heavily involved in what's going to happen at the race track, throughout the race weekends and know those guys have been a huge part of what's gotten me into this situation we're in.
“I know as a whole, RCR is rallying around myself and Brendan Gaughan here in the Xfinity Series to make sure that we have the best possible shop to run for the championship. We're going to take what was given to us throughout the week (in) stride and feel like it's not going affect us in any form of a negative way going forward.”
If Hemric falters and isn't able to advance to the next round, he can be at ease knowing a disappointing end to the season won't hurt his career prospects come February. Hemric and Matt Tifft were both announced as part of RCR's Xfinity lineup for next season.
“It's obviously a very humbling situation to be a part of,” said Hemric, who is a native of nearby Kannapolis. “Just so pumped up to be part of Richard Childress Racing. … everybody knows we're kind of in a rebuilding mode. I think we've done that all year on the Xfinity side. I know the Cup side's doing the same thing.”
While RCR won two Cup races this year, the team's five Xfinity cars have not won this season. The last year RCR did not win a Xfinity race was 2011, when it only made three starts with Tim George, Jr.
“I look forward to being able to stay with the progression of where the company's going,” Hemric said. “Anytime you can be a part of that, it's a very trying time because you can get down. But I think Richard Childress is a great leader, we've got a bunch of great leaders, a lot of depth in our company that's allowed us to take these strides, staying together good or bad.”
Hemric has six top fives and 14 top 10s in 28 starts this season. He's still looking for his first NASCAR victory after 49 starts in the Camping World Truck Series proved fruitless.
When RCR made its announcement regarding Hemric, it did not announce if Stockman would remain his crew chief next year.
“Danny Stockman has done an incredible job of not only assembling a race team from scratch, which is what we did over the offseason leading into this year,” Hemric said. “A group of guys that never really worked hand-in-hand together. What we did in such a short amount of time was pretty impressive from my side, on the outside looking in and being involved in it. I'm proud of that. We'll get through the four-race suspension with those guys and kind of reevaluate everything over the offseason. That's our time to figure out what's best for my career and what's best for the company moving forward.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
(From left to right) Principal Jennifer Jaynes with students Diana Mogollon, Thalia Caro and Natalie Orozco at the Latin Builders Association (LBA) Academy in Hialeah Gardens. Roberto Koltun rkoltun@elnuevoherald.com
Trump finally makes call for unity after lawmaker shot
Washington, United States | AFP | A grave Donald Trump called on Americans to unify after the shooting of a Republican lawmaker and three other people Wednesday at a baseball field, striking a notably less partisan tone in response to his first major domestic crisis.
From the Diplomatic Room of the White House, the US president turned statesman as he praised first responders and led prayers for wounded Congressman Steve Scalise.
Ditching derogatory rhetoric about the Washington “swamp”, Trump rallied in support of his fellow politicians and called on the country to pull together.
“We may have our differences, but we do well, in times like these, to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because, above all, they love our country,” Trump said.
“We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good,” he added.
During two minutes of prepared remarks, Trump — who turned 71 on Wednesday — stayed on script, putting aside rhetoric that has made him one of the most divisive presidents in modern times.
In word and manner Trump bore little resemblance the political street fighter who has carried his campaign's brass knuckles with him to the Oval Office.
Less than a year ago, Trump told gun rights advocates in North Carolina they could solve the problem of a president Hillary Clinton appointing liberal Supreme Court justices.
Earlier this month, in the aftermath of a jihadist attack in London, Trump assailed the city's Muslim mayor and redoubled his call to ban travelers from six Muslim-majority countries.
That sort of visceral response had left observers worrying about Trump's temperament and how he might respond at a time of national crisis.
So when an anti-Trump gunman shot at Republican lawmakers practicing for an annual Congressional baseball game — which itself splits teams along party lines — there was concern that the partisan cauldron was about to irrupt.
In the immediate aftermath of the assault — in which two other people including a Capitol police officer suffered minor non-gunshot injuries — White House aide Kellyanne Conway and the president's son Donald Trump junior appeared to blame Trump's critics for the shooting.
They both retweeted an unverified claimed that the gunman asked whether the baseball players were Republicans or Democrats.
– ‘Grateful for their heroism' –
But the White House quickly cleared Trump's schedule of political events and prepared remarks that could have been made by almost any president.
Trump praised the “heroic” acts of law enforcement in subduing the shooter, identified as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson, who died of gunshot wounds sustained when police engaged him.
“Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault,” Trump said.
“Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims.”
Trump described Scalise as a “very good friend,” a “patriot” and a “fighter.”
“America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting,” he said.
The post Trump finally makes call for unity after lawmaker shot appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By JOSH DUBOWAP Pro Football Writer
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) - The San Francisco 49ers made a big-time acquisition at wide receiver - at least for one practice.
Hall of Famer Jerry Rice put on the cleats and took part in practice with the 49ers on Monday, running patterns and doing stretches in individual drills, dishing out tips to young receivers and even shadowing the wideouts during team drills.
"Oh man, that was pretty exciting," undrafted rookie Kendrick Bourne said. "Kind of had me kind of nervous but definitely very excited. Being out here practicing with him and seeing how much older he is and he can still move well. It was good learning. I learned a lot from him."
Rice has plenty of knowledge from a 20-year career that featured NFL records with 1,549 catches, 22,895 yards receiving, 208 total touchdowns and three Super Bowl titles.
He even showed he still has some moves at age 54, nearly 13 years removed from his final game, with the way he ran patterns during individual drills.
"It's definitely inspiring," Bourne said. "It just tells you how hard you can go and you can push your body to limits that you didn't know you could go."
The 49ers are making a more concerted effort this season to highlight their rich history and bring former players back into the fold under new general manager John Lynch and coach Kyle Shanahan, whose father Mike was a offensive coordinator when Steve Young and Rice helped the team win the Super Bowl following the 1994 season.
The team added a Ring of Honor to the stadium this season to honor the 27 people in the 49ers Hall of Fame and has made an effort to bring back players like Young and Rice to the facility.
The two addressed the team before practice about establishing the proper culture to be a winning team, a message that resonated because of their accomplishments as players.
"When you're talking about the culture to have those guys here who won the Super Bowl and knew what it took," safety Eric Reid said. "It's the vibe. It's all about the vibe. When you walk in the building and see those faces that's greatness right there and you ask them how they did it and they can give you little nuggets that maybe you hadn't thought of before."
Bourne was especially eager to pick Rice's brain about how he thrived for so long in the NFL as a receiver from a low-profile college who lacked game-breaking speed.
While Rice was a first-round pick despite a slower combine time in the 40-yard dash after a career at Mississippi Valley State, Bourne went undrafted after catching 79 passes for 1,201 yards and seven TDs last year at Eastern Washington. A 4.68 time in the 40 hurt his cause but he asked Rice how to overcome that.
"He told me to just focus on route running," Bourne said. "That's what it really comes down to in this league is separation, getting that little bit of separation."
Bourne had a strong debut in his first exhibition game with four catches for 88 yards and a 46-yard touchdown. He recovered from two early drops, thanks to some good advice from coaching intern Katie Sowers.
"I dropped my first NFL pass and that was a bummer," he said. "I dropped my second NFL pass too and that was a bummer. Then Katie kind of got in my ear and was just like, 'Man you can really be good.' She compared me to some top players and told me to take the moment in. After that I don't know what got into me. I got into a rhythm and got going."
Sowers' tenure with the Niners was supposed to end after that game but she announced on her Facebook page that she is being kept for the whole season. The team has not made an official announcement.
"That's awesome," Bourne said. "Congrats to her. I'm looking for a full-time job."
NOTES: LB Aaron Lynch and DL Earl Mitchell left practice with injuries. ... S Jimmie Ward remained on the PUP list a day after testing out his injured hamstring. ... The Niners signed DL Leger Douzable and OL Andrew Gardner to one-year deals and waived S Chanceller James (knee) with an injury designation.
___
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
N.C. Central coach LeVelle Moton encourages his team during basketball game in First Four game against Texas Southern. The Eagles men's basketball program is one affected by the NCAA Committee on Infractions' ruling. John Minchillo AP
Russian President Vladimir Putin kicked off his annual nationwide televised call-in show Thursday by blaming domestic U.S. problems for sanctions imposed on Russia.
"We have always lived under sanctions, whenever Russia grew stronger there would always be sanctions, throughout history," he said. "There is a U.S. bill to toughen sanctions — why? Nothing has changed why are they talking about sanctions — it's evidence of domestic political problems in the U.S.
On Monday, the U.S. Senate reached a bipartisan agreement on a new round of sanctions against Russia, a move that will force President Donald Trump to either sign or veto the measure.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM JUNE 4: Megyn Kelly One-on-One with Russian President Vladimir Putin 11:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The sanctions are in response to a trio of Russian actions, including their interference in the 2016 election, engagement in Syria and the invasion of Crimea.
Putin was expected to answer questions for several hours from around the country.
His appearance comes as questions swirled about his government's interference in the 2016 White House election. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Putin ordered the disruption of the vote.
Putin has held the heavily choreographed call-in show most years since 2001.
MANIWAKI, Que. — A minor was arrested over comments allegedly made on social media in the wake of a shooting at a Quebec courthouse that left an 18-year-old badly injured following an altercation with a special constable, Quebec provincial police confirmed.
Police said in a news release that they arrested a male youth in Maniwaki on Thursday on the charge of intimidating a justice system participant, and he was released on a promise to appear in court at a later date.
The head of the union representing special constables said there have been online threats allegedly posted against the officer who was involved in the shooting, ever since video purporting to show Wednesday's incident was posted online.
“I find it unacceptable that people, without knowing the details of the investigation, without knowing exactly what happened, are taking a position and trying to threaten or intimidate a constable who was exercising their duties,” Franck Perales said in an interview.
He said he hoped the public would keep calm and allow Quebec's police watchdog to complete its investigation before jumping to conclusions.
Montreal and provincial police did not confirm whether they were investigating any other alleged threats.
An 18-year-old man was hospitalized after being shot in the head during the altercation at the Maniwaki courthouse on Wednesday.
Quebec's police watchdog released a statement saying the man had managed to seize the constable's baton and allegedly used it to strike the officer over the head at the courthouse, about 130 kilometres north of Ottawa.
The constable then took out a gun and fired it, hitting the 18-year-old at least once in the head, according to the statement.
A video purporting to show the shooting showed someone in uniform grappling with a man in a room lined with chairs, surrounded by several other people.
Moments later, the video shows an officer seemingly pointing a gun and shooting once towards a target that is off-camera, followed by the sound of screams.
The 18-year-old's mother posted a message on her Facebook page on Friday saying her son's condition was improving.
“He will have to relearn to talk and eat but he is out of danger,” she wrote, thanking those who had supported the family.
Perales said the constable is recovering from his own injuries and is still on sick leave.
“He's affected by everything he sees, everything he hears,” he said.
Get the Mach newsletter.
Former astronaut Chris Hadfield is not afraid of death.
That might seem surprising, given the safety record of human spaceflight. To date, 565 men and women have ventured into space, and 32 have died while going up, coming down or preparing for flight. Do the math, and that means an astronaut's odds of dying on the job are more than 1 in 20.
That was a stark reality for someone like Hadfield, who spent 35 years as a military pilot and astronaut before retiring from the Canadian Space Agency in 2013. Hadfield flew into Earth orbit three times, including two trips aboard the space shuttle and one aboard the troubled Russian Mir space station.
For his last trip into space, in 2012, he spent 144 days as commander aboard the International Space Station.
Canadian Space Agency astronaut Chris Hadfield strums his guitar in the International Space Station's Cupola on Dec. 25, 2012. NASA
Maybe you're among the 39 million people who've watched the video of him covering David Bowie's “Space Oddity” while floating weightless in the station's seven-windowed cupola.
He sure doesn't seem afraid in the video. In fact, he looks utterly serene.
A frequent question
Astronauts hear the question all the time: When you strap in atop an enormous stick of explosive fuel and then shoot into the breathless vacuum of space, aren't you afraid to die?
Hadfield's answer is always “no.” To him, the question is based on a flawed premise: “In common life, we make fear and dangerous synonymous, but they're not,” he says. They only seem that way because few people prepare extensively for dangerous things, he explains, but being prepared is exactly what astronauts do through years of intense training.
“The greatest antidote for fear is competence,” Hadfield continues. “If you're spending 10 years preparing for one launch, then hopefully by the time it arrives you've changed your skill set such that a launch is no longer foreign and unknown. In fact, it's the opposite. It's exhilarating.”
Like riding a bicycle
As Hadfield tells it, astronauts regard space missions the way most of us regard riding a bicycle. “When you don't know how to do it, it's scary,” he says. “It makes little kids cry. But eventually you master the skills. Then you can ride the bike, and it's no longer scary.”
That mindset pretty much holds true across the astronaut corps. It helps explain why one seldom hears astronauts talk about fear, or about the body count in their line of work.
Instead, they focus on the skills they've acquired floating in the simulated zero-g world of the Neutral Buoyancy Lab at the Johnson Space Center in Houston; learning high-speed maneuvers while piloting a T-38 jet; or huddling inside NEEMO, an undersea habitat off the Florida Keys. (Hadfield was a commander there, too.)
NASA uses such training exercises to prepare astronauts for just about every foreseeable situation. Of course, some of the problems that inevitably crop up are things that no one anticipated.
Canadian Space Agency astronaut Chris Hadfield is near Canadarm2 as the new robotic arm for the International Space Station grasps the Spacelab pallet on mission STS-100. NASA
There was the time when faulty sensors prevented Hadfield's space capsule from docking with Mir, forcing him to improvise a way in. And the surreal incident in 2013 when Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano's helmet sprang a leak and he nearly drowned during a spacewalk outside the ISS.
Hadfield had a suit mishap of his own on a spacewalk in 2001: A bit of chemical defogger that had been applied to his helmet visor got into his eye, causing him to tear up so badly that for a few scary moments he was unable to see.
On Hadfield's final expedition, the ISS sprang an ammonia leak. “Ammonia is a very nasty chemical that you don't want to get inside the ship,” he says matter-of-factly. “We had to do an emergency spacewalk on one day's notice to go out and fix a system that was leaking.”
Fighting risk with expertise
Hadfield sees such incidents not as exceptions to his bicycle metaphor but as evidence in support of it. The “competence” he talks about refers not to following a specific set of instructions but to a general approach to problem-solving that kicks in whenever it's needed.
As for the ammonia leak, “it's what every member of our crew had been preparing for, for a decade or more: How to get ready for something that is going to push you to your limits, physically and mentally and maybe even tactically, and then summon the reserves to execute it properly,” Hadfield says. “That's the life of an astronaut encapsulated.”
Hadfield and his crewmates quickly fixed the leak. Nobody got sick, and the incident barely even made the news.
Of course, not all the crises astronauts face are manageable. Some end like the Challenger and Columbia disasters, both of which killed entire space shuttle crews. Surely that must spook the astronauts, right?
Hadfield acknowledges Challenger and Columbia as proof that death is always a possibility. But instead of the loss of life, he and his fellow space-flyers focused on positive lessons from the disasters. “We said, ‘What can we learn from these horrific events so that spaceflight will be safer in the future?'”
Chris Hadfield performs a fitness evaluation on the International Space Station on Dec. 12, 2012. NASA
In other words, don't worry about things you can't control. Keep working to address problems up to the last possible moment. If you die, you die. Ultimately, death is something that lies beyond an astronaut's control, so in some sense it's irrelevant. That mindset is part of what NASA selects for, and part of what astronauts train achieving.
The one fear that astronauts cannot vanquish, no matter how much training and mental discipline they bring to bear, is the fear experienced by their friends and family. Yet even here, Hadfield treats the matter as a series of variables to be managed.
“I went so far as to invite my wife to attend one of the simulations in which one of the crewmembers dies during launch or on orbit — what we call a ‘contingency sim' — because I wanted her to see how the process would react to me being killed,” Hadfield says.
The mortal leap to Mars
If the world's space agencies and emerging private ventures like SpaceX and Virgin Galactic keep pressing farther into the solar system, it's inevitable that some of those contingency simulations will come true.
Life aboard the ISS is dangerous, but Earth is just 240 miles away. Rescue or evacuation is always an option. On a moon base, the risks would be greater, and greater still for a mission to Mars. Once the hatch closes, a Mars crew will be on their own for a year or more.
“Either someone's going to have to be willing to take a huge risk of failure where the crew is killed, or we're going to have to spend a huge amount of money on reliability and predictability and redundancy to increase the probability of a safe return to Earth,” Hadfield says.
He can't vouch for the equipment, but he's almost preternaturally confident in the crew. As he sees it, this is just another application for the formula of intense competence that negates fear and minimizes danger.
“It's the trade-off of risk, always. What skill sets don't we have yet? What are the probabilities of things going wrong?” Hadfield ticks off the requirements like he's making a grocery list. “Let's try and make the best compromise we can. Just as for the space station crews, so we'll do the same for Mars.”
Want more stories about spaceflight?
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Q. I was using an authenticator app to get security codes for my email account, but I got a new phone and now the app doesn't work after I transferred my stuff. How do I get this working again?
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story How Do You Use Tech? Advice and tips on the technology changing how you live. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A. For security reasons, many authenticator apps do not transfer login codes and app data from an old phone to a new one. Instead, you usually have to log into your mail account on the web and remove the old app from your account settings. Then you download the authenticator app to your new phone and link it with your mail account, as you first did with the old phone. Each authenticator app has its own specific steps, but the popular programs from Microsoft and Google follow a similar approach.
Photo
If you were using Microsoft Authenticator as a two-step verification method for your Microsoft mail, log into your mail account on the web, click the link for your account security settings and click “more options” on the page. In the Identity Verification Apps section, click “Turn off all existing apps” and then choose “Set up identity verification app.” Follow the steps on the screen to add the app on your new phone. Back on your old phone, delete your mail account from the authenticator app by clicking the Edit Accounts button, or swiping to the right on an account name to delete it.
Google Authenticator can also be updated on a new phone, but you may want to log into your account and make a set of backup codes to use before you begin the transfer process — or have other identity verification methods in place. Google's support site has its own step-by-step guide for getting two-step verification code on a new phone, along with how to remove your account from the authenticator app on your old phone.
What happened
Continue Reading Below
Shares of Straight Path Communications (NYSEMKT: STRP) were up 17% as of 1:30 p.m. EDT after reports that Verizon (NYSE: VZ) is weighing whether to outbid AT&T (NYSE: T) to acquire the wireless spectrum specialist.
So what
Straight Path Communications stock skyrocketed 150% last Monday after the company agreed to be acquired by AT&T for $95.63 per share, good for a total transaction value of roughly $1.6 billion. But Straight Path revealed in a regulatory filing late last week that an unnamed third party — which is almost certainly Verizon, according to sources speaking with Reuters — is considering a competitive offer that would exceed AT&T's price.
IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES.
Now what
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
That wouldn't be terribly surprising considering the enviable trove of wireless spectrum assets owned by Straight Path — which it agreed to divest as part of an FCC settlement earlier this year — are expected to play a significant role in enabling so-called 5G wireless networks to be implemented by AT&T and Verizon in the coming years.
Straight Path's filing also stated that its third party was already involved in the bidding process before it opted to strike a formal deal with AT&T. Butwith Straight Path shares now trading significantly above the agreed price of that deal, I think investors would do well to take their profits off the table and put them to work elsewhere.
10 stocks we like better than Straight Path Communications
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Straight Path Communications wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Steve Symington has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
카린
A post shared by 숮이 💄💅👡👠🎀👙🌂👗🌂🎀💋💌 (@skuukzky) on Apr 16, 2017 at 6:16pm PDT
Greg Cunningham's season is over after he fractured his leg in Preston North End's 3-1 loss to Norwich at Deepdale.
It ended the Lilywhites' faint hopes of making the play-offs but of deeper concern was a bad injury to the Galway man, who has been knocking on the door for Republic of Ireland in recent months.
The 26-year-old made his international debut against Algeria back in 2010 but broke his leg while on loan at Leicester City from Manchester City a year later, an injury which stalled his progress.
It was a thoroughly miserable day for Preston manager Simon Grayson, who also lost Tom Clarke (ruptured Achilles) to a season-ending injury.
Cunningham actually tried to play on after suffering the fracture, and Grayson backed his player to get back within six weeks.
"Greg's got a fracture to his leg which means he'll be out for the rest of the season, but hopefully he'll be back for pre-season," he told the club's website.
"He's a top a lad and tried to carry on. A brave, brave player, one of the best players that I've signed at this football club and it's unfortunate that this incident has happened.
"Obviously it's serious, but it's not too serious that it's going to rule him out for months and months. I think it's a six-week turnaround which will have him ready for the pre-season, so we'll get him sorted and see him in pre-season."
Ireland will play Mexico in New Jersey on 1 June in a summer friendly, ten days before the World Cup qualifier against Austria at the Aviva Stadium.
Sandwiched in between those games is a Dublin friendly with Uruguay on 4 June.
Goldman Sachs had a rare miss in its first quarter results, the bank said Tuesday, as its typically best-in-class trading desks did not perform as well as its competitors. The bank's stock to fall in pre-market trading.
Continue Reading Below
The New York-based investment bank earned $2.16 billion compared with $1.2 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Goldman Sachs earned $5.15 a share versus $2.68 a share in the same period a year earlier. But Goldman's results were well below the $5.31 a share expected by analysts, according to FactSet.
In a statement, Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd Blankfein called the quarter “mixed” and that client activity was “challenged.”
Unlike its competitors, Goldman's trading desks struggled in the first quarter. The bank's trading division had net revenue of $3.36 billion in the first quarter, down 2 percent from a year earlier and down 7 percent from the fourth quarter. Trading revenues in bonds, currencies and commodities was effectively flat in quarter while trading revenues for stocks were down 6 percent from a year earlier.
The hit to Goldman's trading in the first quarter is a rare misstep for a bank known to have some of the best traders on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America's trading divisions all reported increases in trading last quarter.
Goldman's investment banking business grew profits in the quarter, but its growth was not all the different from its competition. Investment banking net revenue was $1.7 billion in the quarter, up 16 percent from a year earlier. Underwriting revenue rose 37 percent from a year earlier.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Firm wide, the bank's had net revenue of $8.03 billion compared with $6.34 billion in the same period a year earlier. That also missed analysts' expectations of $8.37 billion.
Shares of Goldman Sachs sank 3 percent in pre-market trading to $219.99.
IRS Says They Won't Really Enforce The Obamacare Mandate
Did you maintain appropriate insurance coverage in 2016? Perhaps you switched jobs, and, being that most companies require you be on the job for 90 days before you are allowed to be on their insurance plan, meaning you were probably out of insurance for 91 days, meaning you are ripe to be slapped with a fine/tax/fee by the IRS. Perhaps you lost your job and were out of insurance for over 90 days, and could be hit with the mandate. Not anymore
(Hit and Run) How much difference does a single line on a tax form make? For Obamacare's individual mandate, the answer might be quite a lot. Following President Donald Trump's executive order instructing agencies to provide relief from the health law, the Internal Revenue Service appears to be taking a more lax approach to the coverage requirement. (snip) The health law's individual mandate requires everyone to either maintain qualifying health coverage or pay a tax penalty, known as a “shared responsibility payment.” The IRS was set to require filers to indicate whether they had maintained coverage in 2016 or paid the penalty by filling out line 61 on their form 1040s. Alternatively, they could claim exemption from the mandate by filing a form 8965. For most filers, filling out line 61 would be mandatory. The IRS would not accept 1040s unless the coverage box was checked, or the shared responsibility payment noted, or the exemption form included. Otherwise they would be labeled “silent returns” and rejected. Instead, however, filling out that line will be optional. Earlier this month, the IRS quietly altered its rules to allow the submission of 1040s with nothing on line 61. The IRS says it still maintains the option to follow up with those who elect not to indicate their coverage status, although it's not clear what circumstances might trigger a follow up.
I suspect that as this news starts making its way through to the citizens, many will choose to refuse to check the box even if they did have qualifying health insurance in 2016, much like so many chose “American” on the last census form instead of their race. One question is whether electronic 1040s will allow someone to skip over line 61, as they would usually require all lines to be completed. Perhaps the tax software companies will make changes? Later in the article we see that many are making changes.
The IRS notes that taxpayers are still required to pay the mandate penalty, if applicable. “Legislative provisions of the ACA law are still in force until changed by the Congress, and taxpayers remain required to follow the law and pay what they may owe‎,” the agency statement said. Ellis says the new policy doesn't fully rise to the level of declining to enforce the law. “If the IRS turns a blind eye to people's status, that isn't quite not enforcing it,” he says. “It's more like the IRS wanting to maintain plausible deniability.”
Essentially, monkey don't see, monkey don't penalize.
Patterico, posting at Red State, has hesitations about this method, and has some valid points and makes a good case, particularly about weakening the law making it easier for the GOP to not repeal and replace. Perhaps so, but, that's politics. For many, paying the fine/tax/fee is a bread and butter issue, and they'll like this.
Crossed at Pirate's Cove. Follow me on Twitter @WilliamTeach.
Reinking was taken to a precinct station house, where he immediately requested a lawyer and refused to make a statement, Aaron said.
He was then taken to a hospital to be examined and will eventually be taken to the Nashville jail, where he will be charged with four counts of criminal homicide, Aaron said.
Lt. Carlos Lara said officers had been investigating a potential sighting of Reinking at a construction site in a wooded area not far from his Nashville apartment. At the site, construction workers told the officers that a person matching the suspect's description had gone into the woods, Lara said.
After spreading out in the woods, one officer spotted Reinking and told him to get on the ground, Lara said. He did so without a fight and was handcuffed, Lara said.
When the officers looked inside Reinking's backpack, they found the semiautomatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition, he said.
Earlier, police said Reinking was found in a wooded area near Old Hickory Boulevard and Hobson Pike, which is less than two miles from the Waffle House.
Authorities had previously searched that same area both by air and using police dogs on Sunday and again with a ground search earlier Monday, police said in a tweet.
"His movements since the shooting are unknown," the tweet said.
Pictures tweeted by the Metro Nashville police showed Reinking in the back of a patrol car wearing a torn red long-sleeve shirt and dirty blue jeans. He appears to have scrapes on his skin.
Reinking had been added to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation's "Top 10 Most Wanted" list after the Sunday morning shooting, according to the agency's Twitter page.
A road along a wooded area where Travis Reinking was captured Monday in Nashville. Mark Humphrey / AP
Approximately 160 law enforcement officers on the federal, state and local level had spent hours searching for Reinking in the neighborhoods near the Waffle House where Taurean C. Sanderlin, 29; Joe R. Perez, 20; DeEbony Groves, 21; and Akilah Dasilva, 23, were all killed, officials said.
Police began going door to door on Monday after no credible reports of Reinking's whereabouts had been made. The last sighting was on Sunday, when a neighbor saw him enter the woods behind his apartment complex.
Aaron said investigators now believe that Reinking stole a BMW last week after visiting a dealership and somehow obtaining a key fob. Police said Reinking refused to give his name or identification to salespeople before taking off in the car. Because of GPS technology in the car, it was later located at Reinking's apartment complex by police in Brentwood, Tennessee, a suburb of Nashville. But because officers didn't know who took the car and it was empty when they found it, they were unable at the time to link the theft to Reinking.
When police searched Reinking's apartment after the Sunday morning shooting, they found the BMW key fob.
Aaron also said a computer case was found by a civilian in Davidson County, which includes Nashville. Inside was a handwritten identification card with Reinking's name and phone number.
Aaron added that it was unclear if Reinking dropped the computer case before or after the shooting.
When asked if he had heard reports that Reinking was "hurling racial slurs" at a nearby supermarket, Aaron said, "I have not."
Questions had been raised about the racial nature of the shooting because Reinking is white. Three of the people he is accused of killing are black and one is Latino.
Reinking's arrest was not his first encounter with law enforcement. He was arrested last year after "crossing an exterior security barrier near the White House complex" on July 7, according to Aaron. He told Secret Service agents that he wanted to set up a meeting with President Donald Trump, NBC Washington reported.
At the time, Reinking lived in Morton, Illinois. After the White House arrest, Illinois revoked Reinking's license to carry firearms and seized four guns, but Illinois authorities then returned those firearms to Reinking's father, who Aaron said admitted giving the weapons back to his son.
Police had warned that Reinking could be armed after failing to find two of those guns in his apartment after the shooting. The semiautomatic weapon found in his backpack on Monday was one of those missing guns, police said, while the other remains missing.
Later Monday, Reinking was ordered held on $2 million bond.
Reinking's father could potentially face charges for giving the weapons back to his son, Marcus Watson, a special agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said at the Monday afternoon news conference.
"He should not have had weapons," he said of Reinking.
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ – Privacy Policy
TORONTO — Security ministers from the G7 countries are discussing how to fight the threats lurking in the internet's dark spaces against the backdrop of a city reeling from Monday's deadly van attack.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was peppered with questions and offers of assistance from his G7 counterparts after Monday's daylight tragedy that saw the driver of a rental van barrel through a crowd of people on a north Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 pedestrians and injuring 15.
Goodale maintains no motive for the attack has been found to link it to a national security threat, although he acknowledges that the police investigation is in its early stages.
A major focus of the final day of the G7 ministerial meeting in Toronto will be addressing violent extremism and looking at the role of the internet as a tool for training, propaganda and financing.
Goodale says he and his fellow G7 leaders will be calling on major internet service providers that are also at this meeting — Google, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft — to do more to prevent their platforms from being exploited.
He says it's a conversation that started last fall during Italy's G7 presidency, and that remains urgent.
Corporate America is still pinning its hopes on the GOP's promise of lower corporate taxes, but two new surveys indicate that business leaders' patience is growing thin with the Trump administration and Congressional legislative gridlock.
According to the most recent survey from the National Association for Business Economics, nearly half of forecasters surveyed said the balance of economic risk is more negative than positive, a jump of 12 percentage points from last quarter, while the number who take a positive view fell by 17 percentage points.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Amid Mass Exodus, Trump Disbands Two Business Advisory Councils 2:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“We saw the confidence index for both large and small businesses jump right after the election,” said Rich Wobbekind, a NABE Outlook Survey analyst. He added that early hopes for regulatory rollbacks have been borne out, but tax cuts — a more pressing issue — are still up in the air.
“I think there was a lot of expectation after the election and early in the Trump administration that there would be action on tax reform, which is certainly something businesses care about,” said Chad Stone, chief economist at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.
“The longer it takes for policies to actually happen, the more skeptical forecasters are likely to be,” Wobbekind said.
Losing the Faith?
The NABE's 47 professional forecasters who make up its panel aren't the only ones feeling skeptical. Deloitte's quarterly CFO Signals survey found that a key metric representing net optimism among U.S.-based CFOs dropped sharply since last quarter, and legislative gridlock was a big reason why.
“In particular, CFOs voiced growing concerns about the U.S. government's ability to provide policy clarity and/or reforms,” the report accompanying the survey said, with a lack of direction on taxes and trade especially troubling.
The longer the gridlock drags on, the more a state of inaction will impact the business outlook.
“In the aftermath of the U.S. presidential election, CFOs appeared very optimistic — with that quarter's survey registering the sharpest uptick in sentiment in its seven-year history,” said Greg Dickinson, managing director of the North American CFO Survey at Deloitte, via email. In addition to worry about geopolitical strife and finding and retaining good workers, CFOs are seeking — and, so far, not finding — specifics on what the Trump administration or Congress plan to do.
“It may be the case that their optimism has become more tempered, and they may be concerned that continued lack of clarity might restrain consumer and business investment that they were hoping might bolster economic growth,” Dickinson said.
The Great Tax Debate
Gary Burtless, an economist at the Brookings Institution, agreed that the prospect of a GOP-dominant Washington might have raised business optimism, but without a win on taxes, there could be a pullback. “If businesses and consumers lose faith that the future is going to be as stable as the past, then all kinds of behavior may set in to slow the recovery,” he said. “We could have less consumption from consumers, we could have less investment from business leaders.”
Global growth expectations were NABE respondents' top cause for optimism, but as Wobbekind pointed out, “That's out of the realm of policymakers in Washington [and] they haven't seen those other upside things happen.”
Related: Trump's Tax Plan Impact Is a Mystery for the Middle Class — But Not for Trump Himself
The other two of the top three reasons for optimism NABE respondents gave are the prospect of corporate and individual tax cuts, although the number of business leaders who see those happening anytime soon is dwindling. The number of respondents who expect that individual tax cuts will be implemented by the end of 2018 dropped by 10 percentage points from last quarter; the number expecting corporate tax cuts in that same time frame fell by six percentage points.
“The survey panelists are still positive in general… but the percentage of panelists believing that would happen went down,” Wobbekind said, adding that the longer the gridlock drags on, the more a state of inaction will impact the business outlook.
“If nothing gets passed by the early part of 2018, then there's going to be skepticism that it's not going to happen at all.”
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
Police are appealing for witnesses after criminal damage was caused to a car in Princes Street, Ballymena
Constable Burns said: “It is understood that the tyres were slashed on a Toyota car sometime between 6pm on 15 April and 9.30pm on 16 April. The total damage is estimated to be approximately £200 - £300.
“We are appealing for anyone who might have information which may assist the investigation to contact Police at Ballymena on 101 quoting 1129 16/04/17.
“Or, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
The three finalists in the One Book One Lincoln competition offer some natural choices for good summer reading. Click below for details.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Not all kids love sitting on Santa's lap.
Kerry Spencer shared an old photo of her son's visit with Santa, taken when he was 1-year-old. The boy's parents taught him American Sign Language and he used his version of "help" in the photo.
Sign language experts have weighed in and said he was mispronouncing the word, but Kerry said that's the way her son has always signed for help.
With or without the sign, the expression on his face says it all.
From Mashable.com
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Watch local schools and groups recite the Pledge of Allegiance during 33 WYTV Daybreak between 5 a.m. and 7 a.m. with Len Rome and Jim Loboy.
Thank you to Mrs. Corll, 1st Grade teacher at Valley Christian Schools, for inviting us to your classroom!
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Astronomers have found 72 potential galaxies hiding in plain sight inside a vast patch of the sky previously observed by the Hubble Space Telescope. The discovery not only gives astronomers new targets to study, but also will aid studies of star motion and formation and other properties of old galaxies, the researchers said.
The new study was performed by the MUSE instrument on the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in Chile. Astronomers discovered the newfound galaxies while measuring the distances and properties of 1,600 galaxies captured by the Hubble Space Telescope during its Ultra Deep Field survey.
The 72 newfound galaxies shine in Lyman-alpha light, which is a particular wavelength of ultraviolet light. Because the galaxies are receding from us, their wavelength was stretched from ultraviolet to visible, or near-infrared. [26 Stunning Photos from the Hubble Ultra Deep Field]
The discoveries were made in the Hubble Ultra Deep Field, which is a tiny region of the sky in the southern constellation Fornax (the Furnace). The Hubble data were originally obtained in 2004, two years after NASA space shuttle astronauts visited the space telescope to install the Advanced Camera for Surveys (ACS) and perform other needed maintenance.
Using ACS, Hubble peered at a small region of the sky and found galaxies that had formed less than 1 billion years after the Big Bang, which kick-started the universe. (The Big Bang took place about 13.8 billion years ago, making those galaxies more than 12.8 billion years old.)
"MUSE can do something that Hubble can't — it splits up the light from every point in the image into its component colors to create a spectrum. This allows us to measure the distance, colors and other properties of all the galaxies we can see — including some that are invisible to Hubble itself," stated Roland Bacon, who led the survey team and is also an astrophysicist at the Center for Astrophysics Research of Lyon at the University of Lyon in France. [From the Big Bang to Now in 10 Easy Steps]
This image shows an improved version of the Hubble Ultra Deep Field from 2012 as seen by the Hubble Space Telescope. NASA; ESA; R. Ellis (Caltech); and the HUDF 2012 Team
MUSE is a spectroscopic instrument, meaning it measures light emitted, absorbed or scattered in space. Using spectroscopy, astronomers can learn about stars, galaxies and other objects, including properties such as how fast the objects are moving and what elements they are made of. MUSE recently underwent an adaptive-optics upgrade, which could help with future studies of old galaxies, Bacon added.
The new work resulted in 10 science papers that will be published in a special issue of the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics.
"MUSE has the unique ability to extract information about some of the earliest galaxies in the universe — even in a part of the sky that is already very well-studied," stated Jarle Brinchmann, lead author of one of the papers.
"We learn things about these galaxies that [it] is only possible [to learn] with spectroscopy, such as chemical content and internal motions — not galaxy by galaxy, but all at once for all the galaxies," added Brinchmann, who is an astronomer at Leiden University in the Netherlands and the Institute of Astrophysics and Space Sciences at CAUP (Center for Astrophysics of the University of Porto) in Portugal.
This compound image of the Hubble Ultra Deep Field region depicts glowing halos of gas around galaxies discovered by the Muse instrument on the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope. ESO/MUSE HUDF team
Astronomers also found hydrogen halos in old galaxies, which could provide more information about how material leaves and enters galaxies formed early in the universe's history. Future research directions could include looking at star formation, galactic winds, galaxy mergers or even a phenomenon known as cosmic reionization.
That phenomenon explains how light returned to a dark universe hundreds of millions of years ago. "First light" in the universe was roughly 380,000 years after the Big Bang, when the cosmos cooled down and fundamental particles were able to combine into atoms. However, once these combinations ceased, the universe entered a dark age, because there was no other light available — the first stars weren't shining yet. Reionization occurred between 150 million years and 650 million years after the Big Bang, when the first stars and galaxies were formed from collapsing groups of gas, producing light in the universe again.
Original article on Space.com.
Why it matters to you Lots of people grew up watching Scrooge McDuck and his great-nephews get into trouble. Well, DuckTales is back, and you can watch the pilot for free via YouTube.
Remember DuckTales? We do — the Disney cartoon ran for four seasons and 100 episodes back in the late 1980s, following the adventures of penny-pinching magnate Scrooge McDuck and his three great-nephews, Huey, Louie, and Dewey. More than two years ago, we reported that Disney was planning a series reboot to arrive in 2017, and lo and behold, DuckTales is back.
The series premiered this weekend on Disney XD, but don't worry if you missed it, because Disney has posted the pilot — yes, the full episode — on YouTube for anyone to watch. If that news makes you feel like diving into a massive sea of gold doubloons, you're not alone.
The new DuckTales shares a basic premise with the original, but there are a few key differences this time around which (we think) will improve upon the already-successful formula. The OG Scrooge McDuck was voiced by the late, great Alan Young, a legendary personality once called “the Charlie Chaplin of television.” Young is irreplaceable, of course, but nabbing David Tennant (Doctor Who) to voice the thrifty, Scottish avian is a pretty great get.
Donald is back in the pilot — and still quite difficult to understand — and the kids have been updated a bit, too. In the original series, Huey, Louie, and Dewey were essentially clones, present only as foils for Scrooge's misadventures. In the reboot, they each have distinct personalities — Huey is the charming troublemaker, while Dewey is a bit more reticent, and Louie inherited the greed bug from his great-uncle.
A new, crisp animation style is also in play here, which gives the show a solid makeover while still bringing back fond memories of '80s DuckTales. The level of detail here is incredible, with lots of little callbacks to episodes from the original series. Of interest to fans: Four years ago, WayForward remade the DuckTales video game.
The McDucks might not be the only classic cartoon trio getting a reboot, either; reports earlier this year suggests that Warner Brothers' Animaniacs could be making a comeback after nearly 20 years. The misadventures of Yakko, Wakko, and Dot were typically geared toward a slightly older audience than DuckTales, but we would still be hyped to see their return.
Nigeria Needs Talakawa Politics To Make Progress – Aminu
A two-time Senator, Prof. Jibril Aminu, yesterday urged politicians in the country to emulate moral uprightness and good leadership qualities of Late Malam Aminu Kano, the leader of the Talakawas.
Aminu, also a former minister of petroleum and education, gave the advice in Kano during the 34th Aminu Kano Annual Memorial Symposium organised by Bayero University.
The News Agency of Nigeria [NAN] reports that late Aminu Kano led the Northern Elements Progressive Union [NEPU] during the first republic and Peoples Redemption Party [PRP] in the second republic.
He was among Nigerian politicians who struggled for the country's independence from Britain.
According to the former minister, many Nigerians, especially those in the political class, who always claim to be disciples of Aminu Kano hardly practice his way of life and leadership style.
He said, “the late politician during his life was blessed with so much wisdom and good leadership qualities worthy of emulation by politicians in order to move the country forward”.
Also, the Vice Chancellor of Bayero University, Prof. Muhammad Yahuza said the event was organised to remind politicians and those in position of authority to be passionate about their responsibilities and discharge their mandate creditably.
He described late Aminu Kano as an upright person, “whose virtues and legacies this symposium is extolling.
“He was an epitome of moral uprightness, social justice and political emancipation due to his strong convictions in democratic humanism, a political philosophy based on the fundamental ideas of meaningful, dynamic and participatory democracy.
“For Malam Aminu Kano, democracy was a moral issue because it derived from the Islamic concept of moral and material austerity base on strong ethical content.”
Yahuza added that the late politician believed that the poors “Talakawa ” must be truly and genuinely represented at all levels of governance to reflect their yearnings and aspirations.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the theme of the Symposium is `Politics after Malam Aminu Kano: The role of Legislature in Nigeria's democracy development.'
Yahuza said that the theme was “apt and topical at this time, because the legislature is the most distinctive signpost of democratic governance out of the three arms of government”.
He noted that Nigerians were puzzled about the apparent impasse between the red chamber and the Presidency.
The vice chancellor said that the impasse was unnecessarilly gathering momentum and heating up the polity by the day.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HURONIA WEST OPP
On October 5, 2017 at approximately 11:40 p.m., a member of the Huronia West Detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) Traffic Unit was monitoring traffic flow on County Road #92 when he noticed a motor vehicle travelling eastbound well above the speed limit; 183 Km/hr in a 80 Km/hr Zone. When this vehicle was finally stopped in the Village of Elmvale Police quickly discovered the driver of this motor vehicle was operating it while under the influence of alcohol. This male chose to drink and drive and he chose to significantly exceed the posted speed limit! For these choices this 29 year old male from Tiny Twp. had his drivers' licence suspended for 7 days his vehicle impounded for 7 days an “Alcohol Warning” on his record and he has a future court date to answer to the charge of “Race a Motor Vehicle – Excessive Speed”.
Dallas has agreed to pay more than $173 million to settle decades-old lawsuits from thousands of public safety workers over years of back-pay claims.
The Dallas Morning News reports that an executive committee representing nearly 8,700 current and former Dallas police officers and firefighters approved the settlement Tuesday.
The settlement still needs to be approved by a City Council vote this summer.
Council members say Dallas will be able to pay out without increasing property taxes, funding the settlement with existing bond capacity.
Mayor Mike Rawlings called the latest settlement “a prudent move for taxpayers” both financially and psychologically.
Last year, Dallas settled four lawsuits for more than $61 million arising from the language of a 1979 pay referendum.
——
Information from: The Dallas Morning News, http://www.dallasnews.com
The 20-year-old Washington state man accused of killing five people in a shooting spree at a mall last September was found dead in his jail cell on Sunday night, authorities said.
The body of Arcan Cetin was found hanging just before 9 p.m. (12 a.m. ET), Skagit County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Rosemary Kaholokula told NBC News Monday.
The Washington State Patrol released this photo of Arcan Cetin, 20, of Oak Harbor, Washington after he was arrested Saturday, Sept. 24, 2016, in a shooting at a Burlington mall Friday that left five people dead.
Cetin's death hasn't yet officially been ruled a suicide, Kaholokula said, but authorities believe it was.
He had been charged with five counts of aggravated first-degree murder after he allegedly walked into a Macy's in Burlington, north of Seattle, and opened fire with a rifle on the night of Sept. 23.
One man and four women were killed, including one who was trying to hide behind a cosmetics counter, NBC affiliate KING reported.
Cetin was a Turkish immigrant and naturalized American citizen who lived roughly 30 miles west of the mall, in the small seaside community of Oak Harbor, according to KING.
Kaholokula said Cetin had admitted to the killings, but his motive remained unclear.
"He didn't have any really ties to our community," she said. "We can't ascertain why he would do this. He didn't know any of the people that he shot."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hospital Tried to Commit Confessed Mall Gunman Before Deadly Shooting 1:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
His stepfather, David Marshall, told reporters last year that Cetin had unspecified mental health issues that his family had been trying to address.
Before the shooting, KING reported, a local hospital tried to have Cetin involuntarily committed for treatment. In court documents obtained by the station, doctors said they believed Cetin might harm himself, though they didn't think he would hurt others.
New Zealand nearly lost their final match of Day One at the World Sevens Series in Hamilton overnight, but a feisty Argentina side.
New Zealand scored first in the match, but a gusty come-back from the Pumas, who lead at half-time after scoring two consecutive tries, were leading in the final minutes of the match before New Zealand scored the final try in the last minute.
In their first match of Day two today, a strong England side proved strong against the men in black, scoring the first try of the match.
The All Blacks Sevens team replied with two quick tries of their own to lead at halftime, 12-7.
England returned to the match with flair, scoring first in the second half.
The side looked tough until England player Phil Burgess was sent off with a yellow card for tackling a player without the ball, giving NZ an advantage.
Playing with only six players proved costly for the white and red, and with an extra player than England, New Zealand made use of their faults, to score again before the full-time horn, winning 19-12.
Check out the spinning Rolls-Royce in a Nigerian Couple's living room
Nigerian couple, Dilly and Fifi Emenyiora actually have a spinning Rolls-Royce decorated in their living room!
Watch the video after the cut….
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
5:33 Greg McGarity details west end zone project Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
3:08 Donald Trump's Inauguration in three minutes
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Everyone likes apps, but sometimes the best ones are a bit expensive. Now and then, developers put paid apps on sale for free for a limited time, but you have to snatch them up while you have the chance. Here are the latest and greatest apps on sale in the iOS App Store.
These apps normally cost money and this sale lasts for a limited time only. If you go to the App Store and it says the app costs money, that means the deal has expired and you will be charged.
Related: 200 Awesome iPhone Apps | The best Android apps for almost any occasion
AirPhotoViewer AirPhotoViewr is a Wi-Fi photo Viewer that lets you direct view your photos from your computer without syncing. Available on: iOS Nutshunter Escape Run Real 3D Nuts Hunter has state-of-the-art physics, incomparable 3D graphics, and endlessly addictive gameplay. You'll never put your mobile down again. Available on: iOS Speed Pro Multiplayer is the ultimate multiplayer game for people who walk, run, cycle or do any other type of motion activity. Turn your motion activities into an exciting and competitive multiplayer game. Available on: iOS Deflecto Defend these tiny, peaceful cities from menacing enemy clouds that bludgeon them into oblivion. Your weapon is your finger; It has the power to deflect whatever these angry clouds drop on you. Available on: iOS Use Your Handwriting Gold This app lets you finger write quick notes, lists and messages on your iPhone. Its unique handwriting engine simulates the physics of a fountain pen to produce smooth and fulfilling drawing strokes. Available on: iOS Noti This easy-to-use productivity app lets you input all your daily tasks within your iPhone's notification center. Stay on track, even if you're in a hurry. Available on: iOS
Congress urged to provide more oversight to MMA community
Muhammad Ali funeral: Thousands honor 'The Greatest' in Louisville
1:28
Why it matters to you Setting up and using a "Find My Phone" tracking system really can reunite you with a stolen or misplaced phone
Tracking technology for smartphones, whether it's Apple's Find My iPhone or Google's Android Device Manager system, really can reunite you with a stolen or misplaced phone. Sometimes it can go above and beyond, and reunite many people with many phones in one go, and help police apprehend the nasty piece of work that took them in first place. One low-life thief discovered this the hard way at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
More than 100,000 people attend the Coachella festival in California, but not everyone is there to have a good time. One man, subsequently identified as 36-year old New Yorker Reinaldo De Jesus Henao, came to steal smartphones. He wandered the festival space, pickpocketing his marks, and stashing the stolen goods in his backpack. When people began to notice their phones were missing, many decided to enlist the help of their respective “find my phone” service.
The stolen phones showed up as still being in the area, and owners were able to pinpoint their exact location, which was given to security personnel on site. Luckily, the thief wasn't clever enough to turn off all the devices after nabbing them. In a statement released by the Indio Police Department, the pickpocket was apprehended and upon opening his backpack, more than 100 stolen phones were discovered inside. Devices were returned to owners who had already discovered their phones were missing, while the rest wait to be collected. Henao was arrested for theft and possession of stolen property.
While things worked out here, and the phones were returned with help from security and the police, we'd always recommend contacting law enforcement rather than go searching for a stolen phone using a tracking system yourself. Thieves are rarely nice people, and confronting them on your own isn't a good idea. Find My iPhone and Android Device Manager are equally useful if you accidentally leave your phone somewhere, rather than it getting stolen. There are also plenty of other tracking services for phones out there, for both before and after you lose it.
Sports News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: Myjoyonline.com
2017-01-02
File photo
Asante Kotoko coach, Michael Osei, has fined three members of his team for going against club rules during the Christmas and New Year holidays.
The three players, Edwin Tuffour, Atta Kusi and Richard Osei Agyeman partook in games popularly called “Sunday Special” which have not been sanctioned by the clubs.
Involvement in these games have proven to come at a cost for Kotoko as key midfielder Jackson Owusu, missed the whole of last season after breaking his leg in a game of this nature.
Edwin Tuffour and Atta Kusi have been both fined GHC 100 while Osei Agyeman loses half of his salary after he was cautioned following his first involvement in the game.
The Porcupine Warriros have been in pre-season training ahead of the new Premier League season scheduled to begin in February.
The coach names three players – Osei Agyeman, Edwin Tuffour and Atta Kusi as players who will face his disciplinary rod. — Asante Kotoko SC (@AsanteKotoko_SC) January 2, 2017
The trio were engaged in what has infamously become known as ‘Jackson Games' – that's ‘Sunday Special' matches which the club frowns on. — Asante Kotoko SC (@AsanteKotoko_SC) January 2, 2017
As punishment, Osei Agyeman will lose half of his January salary while Edwin Tuffour and Atta Kusi forfeit GHc100 each. — Asante Kotoko SC (@AsanteKotoko_SC) January 2, 2017
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Children from the Overtown Youth Center have an outing at Pérez Art Museum Miami. Pérez Art Museum Miami
Remember how you joked about another person's misfortune when your daughters get assaulted in the future – TBoss' brother to AY
by Dolapo Adelana Christopher Idowu, brother to Tokunbo ‘TBoss' Idowu, the second runner-up at the 2017 edition of the Big…
Read » Remember how you joked about another person's misfortune when your daughters get assaulted in the future – TBoss' brother to AY on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Packers' Ty Montgomery frustrated that athletes are told to ‘shutup'
Green Bay Packers wide receiver-turned-running back Ty Montgomery vented on Twitter Monday about the notion that athletes should not speak about social matters.
Montgomery, who played college ball at Stanford and was drafted by Green Bay in 2015, seems frustrated and perplexed that athletes are told to stick to sports. Here's what he tweeted:
Been thinking about this stuff that's been going on in Charlottesville all day. This stuff is HEAVY bro. Real heavy. — Ty Montgomery (@TyMontgomery2) August 14, 2017
The fact that people tell athletes to shutup and just be athletes is beyond me… — Ty Montgomery (@TyMontgomery2) August 14, 2017
Like our actions and words are only influential when we fail a drug test or commit a crime and they say "don't be like him" https://t.co/FNAJ31WoQZ — Ty Montgomery (@TyMontgomery2) August 14, 2017
Montgomery makes a good point. Despite what Charles Barkley will have you believe, athletes are role models and set examples because they are so famous. When they take a stand, people notice. But like many things, there are consequences to actions. While many may appreciate it when athletes take a stand, others do not and that could lead to fallout. Just ask Colin Kaepernick about the potential consequences to speaking one's mind.
The Department of Defense sent a statement to NBC News late Monday afternoon confirming it will comply with recent court orders regarding transgender military recruits.
"As required by recent federal district court orders, the Department of Defense recently announced it will begin processing transgender applicants for military service on January 1, 2018. This policy will be implemented while the Department of Justice appeals those court orders,” the statement read.
"The United States District Court for the District of Columbia ordered DoD to implement, effective January 1, 2018, the accession policy issued by former Secretary Carter in 2016. DoD and the Department of Justice are actively pursuing relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March," the statement continued.
Kollar-Kotelly ruled against Trump's transgender military ban in October, saying the administration had provided no solid evidence for why a ban should be implemented. Another federal judge, Marvin Garbis, of U.S. District Court in Maryland, ruled against the ban last month. In a strongly-worded passage from his 53-page decision, Garbis wrote that the "capricious, arbitrary, and unqualified tweet of new policy does not trump the methodical and systematic review by military stakeholders qualified to understand the ramifications of policy change."
The tweet Garbis referred to came in an unexpected series of posts Trump made in July announcing his intention to ban transgender people from serving in the military.
Shannon Minter, legal director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights (NCLR), which, along with GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), has been fighting the transgender military ban in court, applauded Kollar-Kotelly's decision on Monday and shot back at the Trump administration.
“Trump administration claims that our highly sophisticated military is unprepared to implement a minor policy change after more than a year of preparation are simply not credible,” Minter said in a statement to NBC News.
“The military has studied this issue extensively and determined that permitting qualified transgender people to enlist and serve will only strengthen our nation's armed forces," Minter added. "This administration's claim that allowing transgender people to enlist will lessen military preparedness is contradicted by the military's own conclusions."
Amanda Simpson, a former deputy assistant secretary of defense who was the highest-ranking transgender person in the department, said, “The idea there needed to be an emergency stay was ridiculous.”
She also blasted the Trump administration for putting currently serving transgender people and prospective recruits in limbo.
“Young people enlist in our military with the knowledge or at least the promise to serve our country, to pledge their life in service and protection of our nation, and in doing so, they sign a contract that says for a certain number of years they will make that obligation, and they arrange their lives accordingly,” Simpson said. “So now you're saying, 'Enlist, but there's a possibility somewhere down the road … we may ask you to leave because we don't believe trans people can be integrated with our forces'? That's entirely bogus.”
Potential transgender recruits will have to meet a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services. Eastburn, the Pentagon spokesman, said transgender recruits will be able to enlist if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in their preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
The requirements make it challenging for transgender recruits, but they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Estimates of trans people currently serving in the military range from just a few thousand to up to 15,000. Amid the political back-and-forth about whether trans people will be able to serve openly, Simpson sent a message to those now serving.
"We've got your back, and we're fighting for you," she said. "You've been fighting for us, and all the American people understand the commitment and sacrifice you are making, and we will make sure you have the ability to continue to serve honorably and with distinction."
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — California lawmakers moved Wednesday to create a state-backed bank to handle the billions of dollars flowing from the newly legal recreational marijuana market.
The world's largest legal recreational marijuana economy, created under a law that took effect this year, is projected to grow to $7 billion.
The bill approved by a bipartisan 29-6 state Senate vote is designed to help pot entrepreneurs who usually deal in cash because most banks won't accept money from a product that remains illegal under federal law.
SB930 now goes to the Assembly for consideration.
The bill would permit charter banks and credit unions regulated by the state Department of Business Oversight to provide limited banking services to pot-related businesses.
They could use the banks to pay rent, state and local taxes and fees, vendors within California for goods and services related to the cannabis business and to buy state and local bonds and other investments.
“We're not using the federal system, we're not using the federal wire,” Democratic Sen. Bob Hertzberg of Van Nuys said of his proposal. “This is a short-term creative approach to deal with this extraordinary problem.”
He said the banks would suffice until what proponents hope will be an eventual change in federal law.
Hertzberg said the current system is dangerous because it requires pot dealers to conduct their business using cash, sometimes tens of thousands of dollars. He said he's heard of some businesses burying or hiding tens of millions of dollars for lack of an alternative.
State budget officials project California will collect $600 million in cannabis taxes in the upcoming year, but that often requires the businesses to haul duffel bags full of cash to tax agencies.
The cash economy also makes audits and other standard oversight measures difficult.
Aetna and rival Humana are terminating their merger, after their $34 billion deal was blocked by a federal court on antitrust grounds. Aetna will pay Humana a $1 billion break-up fee, in accordance with the agreement.
"While we continue to believe that a combined company would create greater value for health care consumers… the current environment makes it too challenging to continue pursuing the transaction," Mark Bertolini, Aetna chairman and CEO said in a statement. "We are disappointed to take this course of action after 19 months of planning, but both companies need to move forward with their respective strategies in order to continue to meet member expectations."
Humana said the termination fee would amount to $630 million, after tax.
Last month, U.S. District Judge John Bates blocked the merger, saying that the combination of the two insurers would reduce competition in the private Medicare Advantage market for seniors.
Aetna and Humana had struck an agreement to divest some of their Medicare Advantage business in overlapping markets to Molina Healthcare, in order to address concerns about competition. However, Bates found their proposed sales inadequate, because Molina did not have a strong track record in Medicare.
Aetna said it will also terminate the deal with Molina and will pay the applicable fees associated with that agreement. The company also announced that it will redeem more than $10 billion of Special Mandatory Redemption Notes on or about March 16th.
Astronomers Claim All Stars Are Born in Pairs
New research suggests the sun had a twin and that all stars are born in pairs. Astronomers have previously hypothesized that the sun was originally part of a stellar duo, but scientists struggled to find supporting evidence.
Recently, researchers surveyed newly formed stars in a giant molecular cloud located in the constellation Perseus. When scientists attempted to build a model in agreement with the cloud of stars, they found only simulations exclusively featuring binary systems could explain the Perseus molecular cloud.
"We ran a series of statistical models to see if we could account for the relative populations of young single stars and binaries of all separations in the Perseus molecular cloud, and the only model that could reproduce the data was one in which all stars form initially as wide binaries," Steven Stahler, a research astronomer at the University of California, Berkeley, said in a news release. "These systems then either shrink or break apart within a million years."
Wide binaries are stellar pairs born at least 500 astronomical units apart. An astronomical unit is the distance between Earth and the sun, roughly 93 million miles.
The new findings -- detailed in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society -- confirm what a number of astronomers had previously hypothesized, that the sun began life as duo.
The sun's sibling likely escaped shortly after birth. Some researchers believe the gravity of the sun's sibling, dubbed Nemesis, pushed an asteroid into a collision course with Earth -- the asteroid that ultimately snuffed out the dinosaurs.
"We are saying, yes, there probably was a Nemesis, a long time ago," said Stahler.
Simulations designed to work out the mysteries of star formation in molecular clouds have previously suggested stars are born in pairs. The new research used computer models to analyze hard astronomical data.
Star-forming regions like the Perseus molecular cloud are littered with egg-shaped cocoons called dense cores, in which new stars are born. The latest analysis suggests stars born of theses dense cores split far apart 60 percent of the time. The other 40 percent of the time, the egg-like cores yield closely linked binaries.
The pattern explains why pairs of Perseus stars less than 500,000 years old -- Class 0 stars -- are aligned with the long axis of the dense cores and separated by at least 500 AUs. Stars between about 500,000 and 1 million years old, or Class 1 stars, are much closer and unaligned.
"As the egg contracts, the densest part of the egg will be toward the middle, and that forms two concentrations of density along the middle axis," Stahler said. "These centers of higher density at some point collapse in on themselves because of their self-gravity to form Class 0 stars. Within our picture, single low-mass, sunlike stars are not primordial. They are the result of the breakup of binaries."
© 2017 UPI Science News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
For the first day of teacher training at St. Francis Catholic School, teachers were surprised with a day of volunteering opportunities.
50 teachers were split between Christian Help, Scotts Run, and the Shack Neighborhood House.
The Director of Christian Help said it was a wonderful opportunity for their non-profit because it helped them to recover from their Back to School Event.
"And our shelves and our racks were empty. So what the teachers did was restock the shelves in the free store and fill the racks with clothing so that families and parents can come in and shop and get the clothing they need to be more prepared for Back to School," said Cheryl Callen, Director of Christian Help.
St. Francis School will start regular classes with students beginning next Monday, August 21.
National Geographic magazine editors wanted to take a close look at the publication's coverage of race over its 130-year history. Once they did, they discovered that their coverage of race relations was stereotypical and poor.
National Geographic's most recent issue includes a letter from Editor-in-Chief Susan Goldberg that discloses the results of a study conducted by a University of Virginia history professor who examined the magazine's history of race coverage.
The professor, John Edwin Mason, found that the magazine "all but ignored people of color who lived in the United States, rarely acknowledging them beyond laborers or domestic works."
"Meanwhile it pictured 'natives' elsewhere as exotics, famously and frequently unclothed, happy hunters, noble savages — every type of cliché," Mason found.
National Geographic magazine Editor-in-Chief Susan Goldberg during the Ellie Awards in New York on March 13. Ben Gabbe / Getty Images The Association of Magazine Media
Goldberg acknowledged in the letter that previous issues had surprising racist language and ideas. A 1916 edition, for example, featured two Aboriginal people with a caption that read, "South Australian Blackfellows: These savages rank lowest in intelligence of all human beings."
Mason pointed to a story from 1977 about South African apartheid that ran with a photo of Winnie Mandela, a founder of the Black Parents' Association and wife of Nelson Mandela, holding up her fist and speaking into a microphone. Mason said the reporting did not acknowledge any of the problems black people faced during that time. "There are no voices of black South Africans. That absence is as important as what is in there. The only black people are doing exotic dances ... servants of workers," he said.
In an interview with the Rev. Al Sharpton, host of MSNBC's "PoliticsNation," Goldberg said the staff was motivated to look at its own coverage after releasing "Black and White," the race issue and also the most recent one. "I hear from readers all the time that National Geographic was the first time that they ever were exposed to communities beyond their own," she said. "So how we have presented race and people from other cultures really does matter."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed National Geographic and race 5:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Goldberg said in the interview that she hopes the decision to "acknowledge" the publication's past will lead to conversations and inspire other media outlets to probe their own histories. "I do hope this will create a conversation and also raise awareness not just of the stories we're covering, but making sure that we have a diverse staff covering a diverse world," she said.
Each issue of National Geographic this year will be part of a series on racial, ethnic and religious groups and will include coverage of Latinos, Asian Americans, Muslims and Native Americans.
Real Sociedad full-back Alvaro Odriozola insists he is not concerned about rumours linking him with a €40million transfer to Real Madrid.
The versatile 22-year-old has reportedly been a target for Madrid for some months and, according to Marca, has already told Zinedine Zidane's side that he would be willing to make the move.
However, the player says his sole focus is on preparing for Spain's World Cup warm-up match against Switzerland on Sunday.
"My future is the national team," he told reporters on Wednesday. "I'm 22, it's a dream for me to go to the World Cup. It's a unique opportunity.
"My future is training tomorrow and the game on Sunday, nothing more."
Odriozola's rise to prominence at Sociedad, as a defender and a winger, has been one of the club's real success stories of the last two seasons.
The 22-year-old, who only made his Spain debut against Albania in October, could even find himself starting their opening World Cup match against Portugal on June 15 if Dani Carvajal is unable to recover in time from a hamstring injury.
"Everything has changed a lot for me in a year and a half," he explained. "It's been mad but, as I call it, it's been a blessed madness.
"I have a privileged environment with my family and friends. The key is to work day to day, to know you have to improve. Trying to work and to sacrifice is what leads you to the beautiful things that are happening to me."
DERBY, England (AP) — Former Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard is taking over as manager of second-division club Derby.
The English team says the 39-year-old Lampard has signed a three-year contract.
The former England international says "I know it won't be easy - managing a football team never is - but I'm really looking forward to the challenge ahead."
In his time at Chelsea from 2001-14, Lampard became the club's record scorer with 211 goals, made 649 appearances and was the heartbeat of teams that won three Premier League titles, four FA Cups and the Champions League in 2012.
Lampard started out at West Ham before finishing his career with short stints at Manchester City and then New York City FC in Major League Soccer before retiring last year.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Abortions don't cause depression, although women who have depression and anxiety may be more likely to have abortions, researchers reported Wednesday.
The study, reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association's JAMA Psychiatry, is the latest to show no evidence that abortion causes depression. Policies that cite damage to mental health as a reason to restrict access to abortion are not based in fact, the researchers said.
“The repercussions of abortion for mental health have been used to justify state policies that limit access to abortion in the United States,” the team, led by Dr. Julia Steinberg of the Department of Family Science at the University of Maryland, wrote.
It's a difficult thing to study, as no researchers could ethically randomly assign pregnant women to either have an abortion or not have one. The next best thing is to study a large group of women, some of whom became pregnant and some not, and some who had abortions and others who did not.
They used Denmark's large national database covering nearly 400,000 women born after 1980.
Steinberg's team compared women who filled prescriptions for antidepressants to women who did not. The Danish database also carries details of abortions — something that may less accurately show up in U.S. data, where abortions may or may not be recorded.
“Compared with women who did not have an abortion, those who had an abortion had a higher rate of antidepressant use,” the researchers wrote. “A close look at the data, however, suggests that the higher rates of antidepressant use had less to do with having an abortion than with other risk factors for depression among women who had an abortion.”
“That is, the increased risk of depression did not change from the year before to the year after an abortion. And contrary to previous claims that abortion has long-term adverse effects, the risk of depression decreased as more time elapsed after the abortion,” they added.
Women who had babies had an initially lower rate of antidepressant use — perhaps because of a reluctance to take any medications while breastfeeding and caring for a newborn. But then rates of antidepressant use went up more among women who had children than among those who did not.
BOCA RATON, Fla. — What was scheduled to be a one-hour discussion lasted more than three hours as the NHL's general managers tried in vain to fix the ongoing problem with goalie interference reviews.
By the end of the day, the only consensus was that there was none.
What one general manager thought was interference, another GM believed to be embellishment. Some wanted goalies to be tougher, while others wanted officials to crack down on the Corey Perrys and Ryan Keslers of the league who make their living on the outer edges of the crease. About the only thing anyone could agree on was that there is no one-size-fits-all definition for goalie interference — just differing degrees of grey.
“It's never going to be 100 per cent,” Toronto Maple Leafs GM Lou Lamoriello said. “Whenever you have judgment, there's going to be discrepancies and there's going to be different opinions.”
That was sort of the whole point in Monday's exercise.
Faced with criticism over a season of controversial calls, the NHL decided against advocating for change during Day 1 of these GM meetings. Instead, they put the 31 general managers on the hot seat by showing them a compilation of 14 past reviews and asked them to make their own calls.
Turns out they were no better at finding a consensus than the referees are.
“We looked at clips as general managers and we cannot agree on all of them,” Montreal Canadiens GM Marc Bergevin said. “Some of them, I'm looking and I'm like, ‘It could go either way.' We have replays, different angles, and these referees have to make a call right away and then we start to blame them. I don't think it's fair.
“If you look at 31 coaches, they're never going to agree on all of them. They have skin in the game.”
When the league played those same reviews for members of the media on Monday afternoon, the results were the same.
I was one of reporters who believed Auston Matthews' disallowed goal against Colorado in January should have counted — while he made contact with goaltender Jonathan Bernier's stick, it was while battling for the puck. But half my peers disagreed. I also happened to think James Neal's slash on Connor Hellebuyck's mask in February — Neal's stick snapped in half on the play — should not have been a goal. Again, the room was split, with half believing that the slash didn't affect Hellebuyck's ability to stop the puck.
“They're not all easy and when it's a judgement call and you apply video review to it, there's varying opinions and varying degrees of difference,” Kris King, the NHL's senior vice-president of hockey operations, said. “And I think that's what we found out this morning.”
It was a way of not only illustrating that each play is as different as a Sidney Crosby backhand, but also that each person's opinion is just as different. This is not a black-and-white determination of whether a puck crossed the line. It's looking at a play and trying to figure out if there was contact and if so whether it impeded a goalie's ability to stop the puck, with competitive athletes who are not always playing by the rules.
“Everything goes to the net now — pucks and players,” Colin Campbell, the league's executive vice-president and director of hockey operations, said. “And secondly, goaltenders know that and we feel to a point there's embellishment now. We even think it's coached by the goaltender coaches.”
So what's the solution? Well, there really isn't one unless the league decides to adopt the International Ice Hockey Federation's rule and make the crease completely off-limits, which the NHL doesn't seem to have an appetite for. Under the current rule, mistakes are going to be made. More than that, there are going to be the kind of iffy plays that no two coaches can agree on.
And yet, while video replay is far from perfect, it is also not broken.
Of the 170 goaltender interference challenges this season, the league admitted there were about nine or so where the crew working in the video room in Toronto disagreed with the on-ice official's final decision. At the same time, league officials were quick to point out there were 51 overturned calls. That essentially means video review corrected an initial wrong right 51 times.
If that sounds like a spin job, it's sort of meant to be. The NHL knows goalie interference is not going away. If anything, it's going to rear its ugly head once the playoffs begin and the games truly start to matter and fans' passion ramps up.
“We'd love to be at 100 per cent, but it's very difficult with judgement plays,” said Stephen Walkom, vice president and director of officiating. “Almost everybody out there gets it. But if it goes against you — as a coach or a manager or as a player — you're not going to say, ‘Boy oh boy, those guys did a nice job on that goal that counted against us.' Nobody's going to say that.”
• Email: mtraikos@postmedia.com | Twitter: @Michael_Traikos
Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland, from left, Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, pose for a group photo at the end of their joint press conference in Mexico City, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Tillerson's Mexico stop kicks off a weeklong trip to Latin America which will take him to Argentina, Peru, and Colombia, with a final stop in Jamaica. Rebecca Blackwell AP Photo
GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK, Ariz. (AP) - Authorities are searching for a 14-year-old boy and a 62-year-old woman missing in Grand Canyon National Park after they were swept down a creek while crossing it in a remote part of the park.
Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service says two fellow hikers alerted authorities by setting off an emergency GPS locator beacon in the backcountry area below the canyon's North Rim.
He says the two lost their footing and were swept away Saturday in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River.
Vandzura declined to identify the missing, the other hikers or their relationship to each other.
An investigation is underway but authorities have not concluded how the two were swept away.
A helicopter and a drone on Monday were assisting searchers on the ground.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Chip Ganassi and Kyle Larson have a most unique relationship that transcends most other owner-driver unions.
When Larson won the A-Main last Wednesday at the Knoxville Nationals, it put him in the championship race on Saturday.
But Larson admitted a bit of hesitation when it came time to ask Ganassi for permission to fly from Michigan International Speedway after Saturday's final practice.
As it turned out, Larson finished a career-best second at Knoxville and followed it up with his third consecutive Cup win at MIS.
But there was a point in Sunday's race that Ganassi started questioning himself for allowing Larson to go to Iowa.
“I was questioning myself in the middle of the race,” Ganassi said. “I was getting ready to take a lot of heat in the media for that, if we didn't have a good day.
“I don't want to do something that'll slow him down, and you run the risk of that when you have a talent like that that wants to go drive other kinds of cars and things.
“I've never been a team owner that keeps my drivers from driving other types of cars. You want to do the best you can for the guy all the time and do what you can do.”
In a sense, Larson paid Ganassi back for his faith in him and allowing the Knoxville trip by winning Sunday.
“I think our guys saw the opportunity in front of them with how much exposure I could get if I ran the Knoxville Nationals. I think Chip also understood that,” Larson said. “There's been so much exposure this week behind me, and to run good at both races will hopefully help us in the search for a replacement sponsor at the end of the year.
NASCAR America analyst Jeff Burton concurred with Ganassi's ultimate decision.
“I think you have to let him race,” Burton said. “I think that when you have a guy like Kyle Larson's that's young, wants to go race other cars and has proven he can do both successfully, I think it's okay.
“But there will come a time that when it comes to winning a championship, Kyle needs to focus on what he needs to focus on. And if Kyle can do both and that makes him better on Sunday, then it's all good.
“What Chip has to decide is that what he does on Saturday night help him on a Sunday afternoon. If there's ever a question that it doesn't help him, then Saturday nights will cease.
“You have to be successful on Sunday afternoons if you want to continue your career. It hasn't been a problem yet, but if you start to see a decline and performance and those kinds of things, I think they'll have to have a conversation.”
On another front, Larson and Ganassi are almost like son and father, rather than driver and owner.
That's why with such a close relationship, Larson would likely never go anywhere else because Ganassi gives him so much latitude.
But admittedly, even with their relationship, Larson was still a bit nervous when it came time to ask Ganassi if he could race Saturday night in the sprint car main event in the Knoxville Nationals, where he eventually finished a career-best second place.
Ganassi's reaction when Larson won Sunday was one of the best seen in NASCAR in a long time.
Not only did Ganassi almost choke crew chief Chad Johnston in joy, he practically gave Larson a concussion when he hit him in the head, also in joy, on the front stretch.
Watch our crew's analysis on that, as well, and their thoughts on where Ganassi's reaction ranks among other celebrations this season.
TORONTO — He's a perennial Super Bowl champion and regarded by many as the greatest quarterback in NFL history. But those are also some of the reasons why defensive linemen like Canadian Tyrone Crawford look forward to facing Tom Brady.
Brady, 40, leads the New England Patriots into the Super Bowl on Sunday versus the Philadelphia Eagles. Brady and Co. will chase a second straight NFL title and record-tying sixth overall.
“In the game I'm more licking my lips and thinking, ‘Come on man, I've got to get to him,”‘ Crawford said in an interview Friday. “When you go up against quarterbacks like him, (Aaron) Rodgers, Russell Wilson and guys who've made a name for themselves in the NFL, you want to hit them hard.
“You want to let them know, ‘Here I am. This is the Dallas Cowboys defensive line and boom, boom. We're hitting you at all different angles.' ”
But that doesn't diminish the respect Crawford, 28, of Windsor, Ont., has for Brady.
“Those are the type of guys I love seeing,” Crawford said. “I love knowing the story behind them and the type of athlete and competitor he is, it's amazing to me.
“We all aspire to have that type of mindset and ambition and he's got it, man. There's no taking that guy down.”
Well, there is, actually, as one of Crawford's 16.5 career NFL sacks was of Brady in a 30-6 Patriots win over Dallas in 2015.
The 2017 season was a disappointing one for Dallas. After winning the NFC East in 2016 with a 13-3 record, Dallas (9-7) finished behind Philadelphia (13-3) and missed the playoffs.
To many, the drama surrounding running back Ezekiel Elliott's six-game suspension — Dallas went 3-3 without him — was a factor in the downfall. Others felt quarterback Dak Prescott wasn't as dominant as he was as a rookie in 2016.
But the six-foot-four, 290-pound Crawford, entering his seventh season with Dallas, felt the defence simply didn't play well enough when it had to.
“It (Elliott suspension) was not a distraction,” he said. “A couple of games we couldn't let slip away, we let them slip and I feel like in those games our defence didn't play like we should.
“We missed (linebacker) Shawn Lee (for three games). It shouldn't be an excuse but he's one of the motors and the quarterback of our defence so that hurt us a bit. We just needed to play better at the times it counted and those games counted against us.”
Crawford will put on a brave face Sunday when the arch-rival Eagles play in the Super Bowl. Crawford will watch the game in Toronto, meeting fans at one of nearly 50 Cineplex theatres across Canada that will carry the game live with a $5 admission charge for those wishing to attend.
“It's tough (watching the Eagles) because we play them twice a year and they've become one of our biggest rivals,” Crawford said. “But I've got friends on their defensive line, Fletcher Cox and those guys, and I definitely want to see them do well.
“But if they lose, I won't be sad.”
One of Dallas's biggest off-season questions is the future of defensive lineman DeMarcus Lawrence, a pending free agent. Lawrence — a 2014 second-round pick from Boise State, Crawford's alma mater — was a Pro Bowl selection after registering 14 1/2 sacks.
“I definitely want to see DeMarcus back,” Crawford said. “It's definitely a difficult situation but I feel like the Joneses (owner Jerry Jones and CEO Stephen Jones) love a good pass rusher and DeMarcus is a good pass rusher.
“Going forward with this defence, if we get him back we should have a fun time on defence.”
But the harsh reality of the NFL is if one player gets a huge raise then a team might have to juggle its roster to meet the league's $178-million salary cap. Crawford signed a five-year, $45-million ($17.425 million guaranteed) extension with Dallas in 2015 but isn't worrying about what might happen if Lawrence re-signs.
“I'm just doing what I came to do and that's just play football,” he said. “There are people we need on our team and fortunately or unfortunately those guys have high price tags.
“But I know it can be done because I see other teams — Jacksonville, Buffalo, Pittsburgh — who are paying multiple people big contracts so I know it's possible. We just have to figure out how to do it.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× Expand Map courtesy of city of Hoover Lake Wilborn Phase 4 The Hoover Planning and Zoning Commission approved preliminary plans for 71 home sites in phase four of the Lake Wilborn subdivision in Hoover, Alabama, on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Phase four is the area in the center outlined with darker print.
The Hoover Planning and Zoning Commission tonight approved preliminary plans for 71 homes in the fourth phase of the Lake Wilborn subdivision but postponed consideration of preliminary plans for 79 residential lots in the second phase of the Flemming Farms subdivision.
Both of the subdivisions are in the Trace Crossings community.
The 71 homes in the fourth phase of Lake Wilborn, when combined with a common area lot, take up about 24 acres, Assistant City Engineer Chris Reeves said. About 18 of the homes are on the lake, said developer Jonathan Belcher, president of Signature Homes.
The lots are 65 to 80 feet wide and take up about 8,000 to 10,000 square feet, Belcher said. The homes should range from 2,000 to 3,500 square feet and likely will be priced in the $300,000s to $500,000s, he said.
He hopes to start site work in the spring and have the lots fully developed and ready for sale by the end of 2018, he said.
The planning commission held up consideration of the 79 lots in the second phase of Flemming Farms due to concerns about connecting the community to Lake Wilborn. Signature Homes had presented plans for only one direct connection between the two neighborhoods, and city officials want to see two connections, City Planner Mac Martin said.
× Expand Map courtesy of city of Hoover Flemming Farms Phase 2 This map shows preliminary plans for 79 residential lots in the second phase of the Flemming Farms subdivision in Hoover, Alabama. That phase, which consists of about 28 acres, is shown at left and is just south of Bumpus Middle School and west of the first phase of Flemming Farms.
Belcher said he believes a second connection to Lake Wilborn can be made in a future sector, but Planning Commission Chairman Mike Wood said he was leery of approving plans for phase two of Flemming Farms unless everyone is certain of how the second connection can be made.
Wood said he would not want the commission to approve this and later find out the desired connection was not possible because of issues with topography or Army Corps of Engineers regulations associated with plans to fill in part of the lake to build the second connector road.
Belcher decided to postpone his request for phase two of Flemming Farms until the Jan. 8 meeting of the Planning and Zoning Commission to try to resolve the issue.
In other business tonight, the planning commission approved plans for a clubhouse, swimming pool and other amenities in the Blackridge community that is south of Lake Wilborn.
Belcher said he hopes to begin construction of the clubhouse this spring and have it completed by the first quarter of 2019. The clubhouse is planned to be along the edge of the lake with a swimming area in the lake as well.
× Expand Sketch courtesy of Signature Homes Blackridge clubhouse This is a sketch of the clubhouse and pool planned on the lake in the Blackridge community just south of Trace Crossings in Hoover, Alabama.
Sales in Blackridge are going strong, Belcher said. Forty of the first 52 home sites made available for purchase on the lake were sold within two weeks of going on the market, he said. The lake in Blackridge is about 100 acres and has 3.5 miles of shoreline, he said.
The planning commission tonight was supposed to consider an amendment to the Blackridge development plan that would modify the community's road system and exempt certain structures in the development from building and zoning regulations. However, city staff members still have some issues with the proposed amendment that they want to resolve, Martin said. Therefore, consideration of the amended plan was continued until the Jan. 8 meeting.
The commission also continued two other cases that originally had been scheduled for consideration tonight:
FILE - In this June 8, 2017, file photo, New Orleans Saints linebackers coach Mike Nolan walks on the field during NFL football practice in Metairie, La. Nolan, who has been coaching in the NFL since 1987, is in his first year as New Orleans' linebackers coach. He is trying to help improve a Saints defense that ranked 27th last season. Gerald Herbert, File AP Photo
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-07
President Akufo-Addo
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has disclosed his administration's intention to upgrade six districts in the Northern Region to municipal status. The proposed districts including East and West Mamprusi, will be in line with the local government reforms.
President Nana Addo was addressing the chiefs and people of Mamprugu traditional area at the forecourt of the Nayiri palace in Nalerigu.
The President, who is on a three-day tour of the region, added that Nantong and Yunyoo will be upgraded.
Currently, Nantong is part of the Savelugu municipality called Savelugu/Nantong, while Yunyoo is tied to the Bunkprugu district named Bunkprugu/Yunyoo.
Interestingly, Savelugu/Nantong and Bunkprugu /Yunyoo witnessed political upheavals by some irate youth of the governing New Patriotic (NPP) during the nomination of Municipal, Metropolitan and District Chief Executives.
Whereas those in Savelugu/Nantong finally backed down their protest, the Bunkprugu/Yunyoo nominee was rejected after three unsuccessful confirmation by members of the assembly.
President Nana Addo's announcement of the creation of those two new districts gave residents there a sigh of relief.
They applauded government's decision, and pledged their commitment to deepen peaceful coexistence to make the proposal feasible.
President Nana Addo revealed that government has secured $45.7 million for the rehabilitation and expansion of water systems across three regions of the country.
He assured the Nayiri that a chunk of the said amount will be spent on rehabilitating the water systems in Gambaga, Nalerigu and Walewale.
He said works on the water rehabilitation and expansion systems will commence before the end of 2017.
He reaffirmed government's endeavour to connect several communities in the north to the national electrification grid.
The Nayiri commended government for implementing pro-poor policies needed to improve the well-being of Ghanaians.
He emphasized the need for government to lobby investors to explore the large lime deposit in Mamprugu land.
He said several communities within his jurisdiction lacked electricity and therefore called for the construction of a sub power station in Nalerigu to feed the deprived communities.
He further decried the deplorable road network in Mamprugu which requires rapid attention.
The trip to the bat cave was just a filler, a way to kill time while the more interesting attractions in the Uganda jungle, the gorillas and chimpanzees, were snoozing away in the heat of the day.
Michelle Barnes brought back more than memories from that trip. She came home infected with Marburg virus — a cousin of Ebola that's even deadlier.
Michelle Barnes and her husband Rick Taylor in the Ugandam jungle. Courtesy Michelle Barnes
Now Barnes' blood has provided a potential cure for the infection. Researchers at Vanderbilt University and Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc. isolated an especially potent immune system protein called a monoclonal antibody from Barnes and have used it to cure monkeys infected not only with Marburg virus, but with a related virus called Ravn.
They are working to find ways to mass-produce the antibody and test it in people.
“ These viruses are going to come here. Travel bans are not going to stop them.”
The hope is to have supplies ready in case of outbreaks of viruses like Marburg and Ebola, which killed more than 11,000 people and sickened 28,000 in a 2014-2016 epidemic in West Africa.
The research — paid for in part by the National Institutes of Health and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, part of the Health and Human Services Department — is a solid example of why the federal government needs to fund experiments that may not seem to have immediate application, Barnes says.
"I always worry about the funding," Barnes told NBC News.
"These viruses don't care about borders. These viruses are going to come here. Travel bans are not going to stop them," she said.
Barnes did not even guess she was infected at first. She and her husband returned home to Colorado just after New Year's in 2008.
"I was just tired," said Barnes, a business executive in Golden, Colorado. "But then it came on painfully fast."
Marburg, like Ebola, causes hemorrhagic fever. "Over the course of five days I went from feeling like I had jet lag to multiple organ failure," Barnes said.
Doctors tested her for every possible virus — including Ebola and Marburg — but the tests came back negative.
They dosed Barnes with antibiotics and filled her veins with saline to replace the fluids lost to violent vomiting and sweating. They removed her gall bladder when it failed.
"It's a horrible disease," Barnes said. "It just keeps shutting down your system."
And then, her body fought back. It took weeks, but Barnes recovered. She had no idea what she'd had until a few months later, when a Dutch tourist who had visited the same cave died of Marburg.
Related: Biothreats are Real and We're Not Ready
The World Health Organization sent a team to the cave and found the bats in it were carriers of the virus, which kills 80 percent of its victims. Barnes saw the coverage and asked to be re-tested, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention tested samples of blood taken from when she had been ill.
They found the Marburg in her blood this time. When James Crowe of Vanderbilt University heard about her case, he asked if she would consider donating some blood for study.
Barnes was delighted to. "If somebody needed to get Marburg virus so you could donate your cells for research, I am glad it was me," she said. "I happen to have really good immunity."
Related: Ebola Drug ZMapp Gets FDA Fast Track
Crowe collaborated with Mapp and a team at the University of Texas Medical Branch to make and test a monoclonal antibody from Barnes's blood.
Scientists work in a specialized, high-security biological containment facility at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston, Texas. University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston
Mapp Biopharmaceutical made ZMapp, the cocktail of three antibodies designed to fight Ebola. It was the drug the company raced to produce in time to help victims of the epidemic, but in the end, there was only a small amount and only a handful of people, including the most high profile U.S. survivors of the virus, ended up getting the drug.
By the time the company could produce enough to test, the epidemic was almost over and field tests were inconclusive.
"I think we learned from that outbreak that we were not prepared," said UTMB's Thomas Geisbert, who led tests of MR191-N, the antibody taken from Barnes.
In a study published this past week in the journal Science Translational Medicine, Geisbert and colleagues report it cured five monkeys dosed five days after being infected with a virus called Ravn, and four out of five monkeys infected with a Marburg strain.
“ If somebody needed to get Marburg virus so you could donate your cells for research, I am glad it was me.”
The monkeys were not treated right away because, Geisbert says, they wanted to simulate what would happen in real life. People infected with Marburg wouldn't realize how ill they were until they had severe infections.
"We are trying to model the worst thing that would happen," he said.
Labs are also working on Ebola vaccines, but Geisbert says it's important to have treatments, too. During the Ebola epidemic, people feared hospitals and were also reluctant to go because they knew there was no effective treatment.
"If you had things like ZMapp or in this case the anti-Marburg MR191 monoclonal antibody available, there would be an incentive for people to show up earlier to get effective treatment," Geisbert said. "Those infected people would then be less likely to be transmitting the virus to their family and friends."
Larry Zeitlin, president of Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc., says he's trying to come up with the most effective antibody and then the quickest way to make it. The ultimate goal would be a modular production system, where makers could swap in antibodies against whatever virus was causing an outbreak and then gear up full production fast.
Mapp had been working with another company to make ZMapp in tobacco plants. The idea of "plantibodies" was scientifically intriguing, and cheap, but Zeitlin says it may be more efficient to work in bioreactors using batches of mammal cell lines — a standard, tried and true technology that's more likely to get quick approval for use in people.
Related: Faith, Medicine or ZMapp? What Cured Ebola Survivors?
ZMapp took years to develop and MR191-N took almost two years to make.
"What we are seeking is a solution where we may have a new virus (infecting people) and within 60 days we have antibodies (ready) to go to humans," Zeitlin said.
Epidemics move quickly, and several reports have shown the United States is not ready for either a new epidemic or a biological attack.
"Developing a drug takes a decade," Zeitlin said. It takes sustained funding to keep labs working on drugs that may never be needed, and enough foresight to see that it's important to prepare against threats that no one has thought of yet - like Ebola, and like Zika.
Zeitlin is also starting work on antibody treatments for Zika and other viruses.
Zika, chikungunya, West Nile virus, Ebola and Marburg all originated in Africa, and researchers cannot even predict which virus might come next, or from where.
Researchers blamed the Ebola epidemic on bats living in a hollow tree near a Guinean village.
Barnes doesn't know if she touched a guano-encrusted rock or just breathed in some bat droppings or urine. "When bats fly, they just pee nonstop," she said.
Despite her close call with a deadly virus, Barnes is back to adventure travel, hitting Bhutan and Borneo in recent trips. But she has changed one thing.
"I don't go in caves any more," she said.
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
What's going on in ballet this week? We've pulled together some highlights.
The Bolshoi Premiere of John Neumeier's Anna Karenina
Last July Hamburg Ballet presented the world premiere of John Neumeier's Anna Karenina, a modern adaptation on Leo Tolstoy's famous novel. Hamburg Ballet coproduced the full-length ballet with the National Ballet of Canada and the Bolshoi, the latter of which will premiere the work March 23 (NBoC will have its premiere in November). The production will feature Bolshoi star Svetlana Zakharova in the title role. This is especially fitting as Neumeier's initial inspiration for the ballet came from Zakharova while they were working together on his Lady of the Camellias. The following video delves into what makes this production stand out.
World Premieres at Richmond Ballet and Ballet Arizona
Richmond Ballet's New Works Festival March 20-25 features pieces by four choreographers who have never worked with Richmond Ballet before: Francesca Harper, Tom Mattingly, Mariana Oliveira and Bradley Shelver. But there's a twist: each choreographer had only 25 hours with the dancers to create a 10-15 minute ballet.
Meanwhile the Phoenix-based company's spring season opens with Today's Masters 2018, March 22-25. The program includes a company premiere by Alejandro Cerrudo and world premieres by Nayon Iovino and artistic director Ib Andersen. Andersen's Pelvis features dance moves and costumes from the 1950s and references to Elvis Presley (pElvis, anyone?)
San Francisco Ballet Honors Robbins
Mysterious; romantic; witty; electrifying. That's how SFB describes their upcoming tribute to Jerome Robbins, March 20-25. The company is one of dozens of others honoring Robbins this year; last week we covered Cincinnati Ballet and New York Theatre Ballet. SFB is presenting four works celebrating the famed choreographer's career in ballet and Broadway: Fancy Free, Opus 19/The Dreamer, The Cage and Other Dances.
Reid and Harriet Designs at the Guggenheim
March 25-27, costume design duo Reid Bartelme and Harriet Jung take the stage as part of Guggenheim Works & Process. The partnership is known for creatively intersecting design and dance; last summer they created a swimwear line based on Justin Peck costumes, and in November they presented their design-driven Nutcracker. For this week's show they collaborated with a long list of choreographers including Lar Lubovitch and Pam Tanowitz to create short works featuring their costumes. A number of dancers including New York City Ballet principal Russell Janzen will be acting as moving models.
NEW YORK (AP) The Brooklyn Nets own two first-round draft picks, though not the one that has a 25 percent chance of being No. 1 overall.
They have money to spend in free agency, if they want to go that route.
So there are ways to upgrade the worst team in the NBA.
They just won't rush it.
”Listen, I know we have big strides to make and 20 wins, not enough. It's not good enough for any of us, but I do think we're going to reap the benefits of going through this struggle,” coach Kenny Atkinson said Monday.
The Nets finished 20-62 in their first season under Atkinson, getting most of those victories during the final two months of the season. It was expected to be a rough season and it was, as they undertake a rebuilding process under general manager Sean Marks after years of sometimes reckless spending that never brought them close to a championship.
They won't get near one anytime soon, either. Marks used the work ”strategically” about a half-dozen times Monday in his season-ending news conference to describe the way he will build the team.
The easiest chance for an immediate score in a promising draft is long gone, because the Nets have to swap picks with Boston as they're continuing paying for the trade that landed them Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett. So the Celtics will have no worse than the No. 4 pick in the draft.
But the Nets do have the Celtics' pick and acquired Washington's during the season, giving them two selections later in the first round.
”I like having two picks, that's for sure,” Marks said. ”I think it just gives us another swing at it.”
Beyond that, the Nets could try to sign a veteran star to become the headliner of the team, but that doesn't sound like the plan.
”I think we've got to really evaluate the roster and if you go after one of the top-tier guys, you obviously would hope to get them – you hope to get all your targets that you go for – but does that really make you better? Does it get you to 30 wins, 35 wins?” Marks said.
”The objective here is for us to be in the playoffs. When that comes, we'll have to wait and see, but you don't want to go and sign free agents and next thing your payroll is capped out and so forth and you're a 25-win team.”
Nets executives are bound this week for Europe, where they will meet with Russian owner Mikhail Prokhorov and do some scouting. The makeup of the roster for next season seems wide open beyond point guard Jeremy Lin, with center Brook Lopez perennial trade bait even as he adapted his game well this season to fit Atkinson's offense.
Prokhorov, who once longed to win a championship within five years, now seems on board with a gradual rebuild.
It took time to get the Nets into the situation they're in, and they're prepared to take time to get out.
”Obviously the losses weren't easy but I did understand, I think we understood what we're getting into and I know in the long run that the adversity that we had to face, it's almost like you deserve to face that,” Atkinson said.
”So I kind of like that process and looking back on it, having to fight through some tough times, I think that's going to make us better in the long run. But I know it's one foot in front of the other.”
EDMONTON — Scientists say they have identified the world's oldest lizard fossil — a discovery that sheds light on the evolution of lizards and snakes.
The fossil, which is 240 million years old, is called Megachirella wachtleri and is believed to be the most ancient ancestor of scaled reptiles known as squamates. The conclusion is based on an analysis of data from both living and extinct reptiles.
The research by scientists in Alberta — as well as in Australia, Italy and the United States — was published Wednesday in the journal Nature.
“It's a fossil lizard that we found to be the oldest-known lizard on the planet,” said Tiago SimÃµes, a PhD student in the University of Alberta's biological sciences department and the study's lead author.
The specimen is 75 million years older than thought when it was first described in 1993, he said.
SimÃµes said it fills a gap in understanding the evolution of lizards and snakes.
There are about 10,000 species of squamates around the world, and scientists say they are still learning about the early stages of the animals' evolution.
Researchers initially thought the fossil, which was found in northern Italy's Dolomite Mountains, was related to but not actually a lizard.
Further analysis, however, determined it to be the oldest relative of existing lizards and snakes, which, SimÃµes pointed out, are essentially limbless lizards.
He said researchers in the last four years compiled the largest dataset ever. It included micro CT scans, photographs and molecular analysis rather than relying on previous research.
“We are sure it's a lizard by the particular combination of features,” said SimÃµes.
Some of those features include the shape of bones in the brain, shoulder and trunk of the fossil. The results indicate a more gradual evolution than previously thought.
“It's important … to understand how such a diverse and important component of the modern biological world originated,” said SimÃµes. “There has been a lot of hot debate in the past.
“For the first time, we are providing agreement.”
He said it's also valuable to know how invertebrates evolved during drastic shifts in environmental conditions.
“One of the things we learned in this study was that most of the larger groups of reptiles were already present in the Permian period, which means they were present and evolved before the largest mass extinction in the history of the planet.”
The Permian mass extinction killed about 90 per cent of the Earth's species.
Everything you need to know about the car sales exec with the hots for Megan and Ellie
Dean, 25, is a self-proclaimed “confident young lad”. He also says he's “likeable”, “honest” and “can hold a conversation”.
Advertisement
And that's not all. “I'm a good-looking lad, I've got a nice smile,” he says. “I'm in good shape, not overly buff. I'm funny.” Modest too, eh?
Before going on the show, Dean recently broke up from a two-year relationship that “started to fizzle out”. “I have no idea what she'll say when she sees me on Love Island,” he says.
Don't expect Dean to make too many friends in the villa though: “I will get along with everyone but I'm set in my ways. If I want something, I will get it,” he says. “I'm in there to find love so I wouldn't be bothered about tearing any ties if I wanted to couple up with someone who was with someone else.”
Roll on the summer 😎☀️👍🏻 A post shared by Dean Overson (@dean_overson) on May 11, 2018 at 11:27am PDT
What is Dean looking for in a girl?
“They've got to have a lovely smile, I like nice eyes and I want a girl to have a bit about them – someone you can speak to and who can hold a conversation,” he says.
And, according to Dean, a few of the girls already fit the bill: “I like Megan and I'd go for Ellie,” he says. “I think all of the girls are lovely in their own way.”
Who is Dean Overson? Key facts:
Age: 25
Job: Car Sales Executive
Advertisement
Instagram: dean_overson
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Is construction of a 73-bed hotel on the site of a former petrol station finally about to happen?
The idea of building a hotel next to St Werburgh's Church on Grosvenor Park Road, Chester , goes back almost a decade when plans were originally passed in 2008.
Previously the site was used as a Shell petrol station and latterly as a small car park.
Originally the plan was to open a three-star Ibis hotel but the scheme went upmarket when Hotel Indigo got involved with permission granted for an 87-bed four-star hotels approved in May, 2014.
Now applicants Castlebridge Hotels (Chester) Ltd have received consent for a similar 73-bed hotel which is claimed to be an improvement on the previous permission that would also be operated by Hotel Indigo.
Each Hotel Indigo is uniquely designed to reflect the neighbourhood, character and history of the surrounding area.
The Chester hotel application, which received permission earlier this month, states: “The proposal is for a 73 bedroom hotel with associated facilities including a small bar and restaurant – open to both residents and non-residents – and a residents-only gymnasium.
“The hotel will be operated under the Indigo brand, a boutique brand of the InterContinental Hotel Group (IHG) chain. IHG provide more than 744,000 guest rooms globally and Indigo are one of 12 brands that form the IHG family.
“The brand Indigo has been purposely selected for the site as it is most suited to the location. The vision and ethos for Indigo hotels is to recognise that no two neighbourhoods are alike and by virtue neither are two Indigo hotels.
"The boutique brand seeks to reflect local architecture and character when developing new amenities and a unique ‘story' will be attributed to the hotel to inform the design and feel.”
The design does not include a car park because of the provision of nearby public car parks, including multi-storey parking, but there will be a single disabled parking space and cycle parking for staff and residents.
Mesut Ozil kept alive Arsenal's hopes of a top-four finish as Middlesbrough slid closer to the Premier League exit door on Monday night.
The Germany midfielder fired home a 71st-minute winner to finally kill off battling Boro, who had dragged themselves back into the game when Alvaro Negredo cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's first-half free-kick five minutes after the restart.
The 2-1 triumph - the Gunners' first league away win for three months - lifted Arsene Wenger's men seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, with a game in hand.
However, the visitors had to fight all the way in front of a crowd of 31,298 at the Riverside, with Steve Agnew's Boro making up for what they may lack in quality with a committed display which for long periods looked like earning them tangible reward.
They kicked off knowing another failure to win - they have not managed a league victory since 17 December - would represent a major blow to their dwindling survival hopes, although buoyed by the knowledge that Arsenal had not collected three points on the road since they won at Swansea on 14 January.
Equally, the visitors could not afford to allow that record to continue if they are to stand any chance of securing a 20th consecutive Champions League berth, although the vastly differing levels of ambition were not apparent for much of the first half.
The home side started brightly, with skipper Grant Leadbitter going just wide from distance with four minutes gone and high over from similar range 21 minutes later.
In the meantime, striker Negredo had attempted to catch returning goalkeeper Petr Cech off his line from all of 40 yards and was not too far off target, while Marten de Roon saw a header correctly ruled out for offside.
But Antonio Barragan had to head Aaron Ramsey's 28th-minute volley off the line before goalkeeper Brad Guzan gratefully clutched Sanchez's attempt to his chest after it reared up off the rain-soaked turf seconds later.
The deadlock was broken three minutes before the break when, after Granit Xhaka had been felled by Adam Clayton 20 yards out, Sanchez curled the resulting free-kick past the static Guzan to give his side the lead.
Boro resumed in determined fashion with Stewart Downing lining up on the right, enjoying early success, and it was he who picked out Negredo's 50th-minute run into the box for the Spaniard to stab home a precious equaliser.
Downing was presented with a half-chance to fire his side ahead five minutes later when Nacho Monreal could only help substitute George Friend's cross into his path, but he blazed high and wide from a tight angle.
Agnew's men would have been in front with 61 minutes gone had it not been for Cech, who parried central defender Daniel Ayala's close-range header after Friend had turned Downing's free-kick back across goal.
However, it was Arsenal who restored their advantage with 19 minutes remaining when Ramsey laid off Sanchez's cross for Ozil, who had been enduring a quiet evening, to fire past the helpless Guzan, who denied Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain a third at the death.
Columbus Blue Jackets' Pierre-Luc Dubois, left, celebrates his goal against the New York Islanders during the second period of an NHL hockey game Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio. Jay LaPrete AP Photo
Noah Nathan happened to be walking his dog Wednesday morning near the Alexandria, Virginia park where several dozen members of Congress were targeted by an Illinois gunman, and videotaped the shootout between the gunman and Capitol Police.
Nathan told NBC News he knew the GOP congressional baseball team was being targeted because the squad practices at the field "all the time."
"We knew they were here and we knew who they were,” Nathan said. “We didn't think some crazy person was going to come shoot them."
During the five-minute video, you can see members of the GOP baseball team scurrying for cover.
About three minutes into the video, you can hear several people yelling "stay down." Shots rang out for more than four minutes in Nathan's video.
As the video ended, you can see several people rushing to the aid of one of the victims who was wounded in the baseball infield.
Four victims were wounded in Wednesday's attack, including GOP House Majority Whip Steve Scalise. Scalise was listed as in crticial condition in the hospital.
James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, was the alleged shooter, and was pronounced dead Wednesday morning.
By Radio.com Staff
Mariah Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, blasted Dick Clark Productions over her client's botched performance on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve broadcast earlier this week.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
In a statement to Billboard, Bulochnikov said that Carey's in-ear monitors weren't working ten minutes before the performance. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting her down and reassuring her that they will work as soon as they go live, which never happened — at which point she pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd.”
Bulochnikov added, “After the show, I called [Dick Clark Productions'] Mark Shimmel and I said, ‘What the f— happened?' He said, ‘Let me call you back,' then called me back and confirmed the in-ear [monitor]s were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement. I said, ‘No way.' I asked him to cut the West Coast feed. He said he could not do that. I asked him why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut her vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them.”
Dick Clark Productions released its own statement, saying that the flub wasn't their fault. “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Carey has since addressed the flub with a humorous tweet, saying “S— happens.”
Brighton sealed a return to the top flight for the first time in 34 years after a comfortable 2-1 home victory Wigan, coupled with Huddersfield's failure to hold on against Derby County, shot them back among the big boys.
Goals in each half from leading scorer Glenn Murray and winger Solly March gave the top-of-the-table Seagulls their fifth successive win and put them on the brink of the Premier League..
Substitute Ryan Colclough pulled a late goal back for Wigan, who remain in the drop zone, but it could not dampen the home side's celebrations.
Albion went into Monday's game needing four more points to guarantee promotion, but their vastly superior goal difference over Huddersfield meant David Wagner's men needed an astonishing run of results to deny the Seagulls a place at English football's top table next season.
In the evening kick-off at Derby, they fell at the first hurdle, conceding an 87th-minute Jacob Butterfield leveller after Collin Quaner had put them ahead.
That meant there was not even the tiniest doubt about it: Brighton is in the Premier League.
Albion boss, former Republic of Ireland defender Chris Hughton, made two changes, with ex-Wigan defender Gaetan Bong replacing Seb Pocognoli at left-back and Steve Sidwell giving way to Beram Kayal.
Championship player of year Anthony Knockaert tried his luck early on for the Seagulls, his low shot from 25 yards saved by Danish goalkeeper Jakob Haugaard.
Central defender Lewis Dunk went close for Brighton by putting a deflected shot wide after Haugaard dropped a Knockaert free-kick.
Dunk threatened again after 27 minutes when he rose to head a dangerous free-kick from Knockaert over the bar at the far post.
Haugaard was well positioned to hold a header from Uwe Huenemeier after Knockaert supplied a dangerous corner.
Brighton had struggled to move the ball quickly, but the breakthrough came after 37 minutes when leading marksman Murray produced a deadly finish to notch his 22nd goal of the season.
A long ball from Dunk was knocked back by Tomer Hemed into the path of Murray, who gave Haugaard no chance from 12 yards.
Former Bournemouth striker Murray had the ball in the net again five minutes later, but his far post header was ruled out because Knockaert's corner had gone out of play.
Brighton should have doubled their advantage shortly after the break when a cross from March found Hemed and his shot was cleared off the line by defender Dan Burn.
Albion's dominance also saw Knockaert put a free-kick wide before Murray fired into the side netting in front of the Wigan fans.
The pressure told on 65 minutes when March made it 2-0 with a close-range shot after Knockaert set up him up.
Murray later saw a deflected shot go over after a storming run by substitute Jamie Murphy.
Wigan denied Brighton a clean sheet five minutes from time when substitute Ryan Colclough headed in a cross from Jamie Hanson, but the hard work for the hosts was already done.
Newcastle, league leaders for so long, slipped to seven points behind the Seagulls as they took their winless run to three matches with a 3-1 reverse at Ipswich.
Freddie Sears put the hosts ahead just before half-time, but when former Tractor Boy Daryl Murphy levelled in the second half the Magpies had a chance to switch their fortunes.
Instead they conceded twice more, David McGoldrick and Emyr Huws the scorers.
Gianfranco Zola's brief and forgettable stint at Birmingham ended after a 2-0 defeat at home to Burton left Blues two places and three points clear of the drop.
Burton leapfrogged their opponents in the table after Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins hit the net and Zola's 22-game reign came to an end within minutes of the final whistle.
In the play-off picture wins for Reading, Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham saw Leeds edged out of the top six.
Reading went behind to relegated Rotherham, Tom Adeyemi on target, but hit back in the second half.
First Lewis Grabban then John Swift beat Richard O'Donnell to seal the points with a 2-1 win.
Wednesday won by the same margin at QPR, Adam Reach and Daniel Pudil notching either side of Idrissa Sylla's equaliser.
Fulham enjoyed a straightforward outing at home to Aston Villa, who slumped 3-1 after playing 68 minutes with 10 men.
Ryan Sessegnon gave the Cottagers the lead after hitting the crossbar and, although Jack Grealish restored parity following Jonathan Kodija's red card, the result never seemed in doubt.
Sone Aluko and Neeskens Kebano settled matters as the numerical disadvantage came to bear in the second period.
All of that spelled bad news for Garry Monk's Leeds, who were turned over at Elland Road when Wolves striker Nouha Dicko grabbed the only goal of the game.
Blackburn salvaged a draw from Bristol City's trip to Ewood Park, Sam Gallagher cancelling out Tammy Abraham's effort, but they remain third bottom and deep in trouble.
Norwich defeated Preston 3-1 at Deepdale, but neither side can now hope to crack the play-offs.
Graham Dorrans and Josh Murphy gave the Canaries a first-half cushion before Tommy Spurr and James Maddison traded strikes.
Aron Gunnarsson gave Cardiff a 1-0 win over struggling Nottingham Forest and Brentford drew 1-1 at Barnsley as Florian Jozefzoon and Marley Watkins scored.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) - Authorities have not provided a crowd estimate for the Saturday rally of white nationalists in Charlottesville that descended into chaos. But two organizations that track hate groups and were monitoring the event said it was the largest white supremacist gathering in a decade or more.
An Associated Press reporter and photographer who were on the scene all day estimated the white nationalist group at about 500 and the counterprotesters at double that, based on in-person observations and photos, including some taken from just above street level.
Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said she did not have a crowd estimate. A city spokeswoman did not respond to questions about the crowd size.
Southern Poverty Law Center spokeswoman Heidi Beirich told The Associated Press the next-biggest white supremacist rally her group knew of took place in 2002 in the nation's capital and drew around 300 people.
Saturday was "a pretty big deal in this world," she said.
Jonathan Greenblatt, CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, said in a statement that the "gathering of extreme hate yesterday in Charlottesville is something we have not seen in at least a decade."
Jason Kessler, the organizer of the rally, said he had no sense of how many people were present.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GREENVILLE — Students from across Darke County gathered Monday in Greenville to share a simple message to the community — ”We are drug free!”
The “We Are The Majority” group, composed of seventh grade students to high school seniors, marched down South Broadway, from the Annie Oakley statue to the city municipal building, carrying signs and chanting their anti-drug message. An estimated 200 students, teachers and parents participated.
The event was organized by student leaders of the Are The Majority group.
“We're so very proud of our youth,” said Sharon Deschambeau, president of The Coalition for a Healthy Darke County and the Darke County Chamber of Commerce. “We want to make sure the county knows how important their voices are. They're our future leaders, our future employees, and we want to emphasize the majority of kids do not abuse substances.”
Molly Hunt, 17, and a senior at Greenville High School, was one of the student coordinators of the event.
“We go to a state rally every year, and I see the impact it makes on those teens, and I wanted to see something happen in Darke County,” she said. “Because it has a reputation for being a place full of drugs, But it's not, because if you look around and see all these people here supporting us, it's really warming my heart to see so many people who are against drugs and alcohol use in our county.”
Greenville Mayor Steve Willman, who read a proclamation declaring the week of April 16 to 22 We Are The Majority Awareness Week in Greenville, was pleased by the enthusiasm of the participants.
“It's such a neat thing and hopefully this will set the stage for a continued event here,” he said.
Arcanum Superintendent John Stephens said his school bused in 15 students to participate and was very excited about the turnout.
“We felt like this was important,” he said. “Schools are a vital piece to drug problem in our state and our county. It needs to start with us, as it does with the homes as well. We need to make our students aware before it becomes a problem, before they get older and have to make tough choices.”
Kelly Harrison, from Recovery and Wellness of Midwest Ohio, said she was “elated” by the turnout.
“It's very inspiring to see the youth of our community come together to make a difference and support our kids who are drug and alcohol free,” she said. “I can't wait to see what's in store for our community and what the kids will be up to next.”
The march was sponsored and aided by a number of organizations, including the City of Greenville, Wayne HealthCare Foundation, the Coalition for a Healthy Darke County, the Tri-County Board of Recovery and Wellness of Midwest Ohio, Continental Carbonic, and Whirlpool.
Members of We Are The Majority march down South Broadway in Greenville Monday. The group wants to send a message that the majority of school-age children in the community do not abuse drugs or alcohol. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_WATM-8252-PRINT.jpg Members of We Are The Majority march down South Broadway in Greenville Monday. The group wants to send a message that the majority of school-age children in the community do not abuse drugs or alcohol. Erik Martin | The Daily Advocate We Are The Majority students show off their signs at the march held in Greenville Monday. The march highlighted efforts to help prevent substance abuse among youth. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_WATM-8235-PRINT.jpg We Are The Majority students show off their signs at the march held in Greenville Monday. The march highlighted efforts to help prevent substance abuse among youth. Erik Martin | The Daily Advocate Both students and adults participated in Monday's We Are The Majority march. Shown are student leaders with Greenville Mayor Steve Willman (back row, right), Recovery's Jerri Lynn Stanley (back row, center), Chamber President Sharon Deschambeau (second row, second from right), and Recovery's Kelly Harrison (second row, center). http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_WATM-8409-PRINT.jpg Both students and adults participated in Monday's We Are The Majority march. Shown are student leaders with Greenville Mayor Steve Willman (back row, right), Recovery's Jerri Lynn Stanley (back row, center), Chamber President Sharon Deschambeau (second row, second from right), and Recovery's Kelly Harrison (second row, center). Erik Martin | The Daily Advocate
By Erik Martin [email protected]
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
Android has a reputation for being less secure than Apple's iOS, but Google says its platform has gotten a bad rap. The company has released its fourth annual security report, a 56-page document that details everything Google has done to keep Android users safe. The bottom line, according to Android security head David Kleidermacher, is that Android is actually just as hard to hack as the locked down iOS platform.
Google has been talking a lot more about security lately, and that's no surprise. Google's newfound focus on hardening the platform traces back to a series of security scares in past years, most notably Stagefright in 2015. That breach resulted in a wave of security patches for phones and changes to the Android code base. In the wake of Stagefright, Google required all device makers to display the security patch level of a phone in its settings. It also began issuing security bulletins detailing all the issues included in its new monthly patches.
Not all device makers have been quick with rolling out security patches, but Google has other ways to keep phones secure. Last year, it unveiled Google Play Protect, which was a rebranding of the old Verify Apps system. This was more about perception — it wants users to know Google is on the lookout for bad apps. According to the newly released report, Google's machine learning tools spotted 60.3 percent of all potentially harmful apps in the Play Store. The remainder were discovered by other means. Google expects machine learning to play an even more prominent role in the future.
As we've pointed out, a big reason Android is perceived as less secure is that users can manually permit the installation of apps from third-party app stores. That's all you get in China because there's no Google presence, and unsurprisingly, that's where a lot of Android malware outbreaks begin. Without enabling “unknown sources” on your Android phone, the chance of picking up a harmful app is vanishingly small. In 2016, you had a 0.04 probability of downloading malware. In 2017, Google cut that number in half to 0.02 percent.
Google also cites its popular bug bounty program, which encourages developers and security researchers to hunt down bugs in its open source code. Those who find juicy vulnerabilities can get a big cash payout. Meanwhile, Apple keeps the iOS source code private, and bug bounties are anemic, so no one knows what sort of bugs may lurk inside. Anything particularly useful is more likely to be sold to private security firms than disclosed publicly. With Android, at least we know what's going on.
Now read: 25 Android Tips to Make Your Phone More Useful
DETROIT — The winners of this year's international ArtPrize competition are being announced during an event in western Michigan that's known for openness — and increasingly, this year, politics.
In all, $500,000 in cash prizes will be awarded as part of ArtPrize Nine — including $200,000 for the public favourite and $200,000 for a winner picked by an expert jury. An awards event takes place Friday night in Grand Rapids before ArtPrize wraps up on Sunday. The first round of voting narrowed entries down to 20 chosen by the public and 20 by the jury. The second round of voting ran through this week. The work of more than 1,300 artists has been on display since last month at more than 170 venues.
Nine years in, the open, experimental mission remains firm for the show that draws hundreds of thousands of attendees annually. It comes directly from founder Rick DeVos, grandson of multibillionaire Rich DeVos, a co-founder of direct-sales giant Amway Corp., an ArtPrize sponsor, and son of U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. Her critics say she's hostile to public education and indifferent to civil rights, citing her push for school choice and her decision to end the Obama administration's rules for investigating allegations of on-campus sexual violence. School choice programs include charter schools, which are publicly funded but usually independently operated, and vouchers that help families cover tuition at private schools.
A spokeswoman said Rick DeVos wasn't available to comment. He told The Associated Press in 2011 that organizers “want to make sure everyone knows that ArtPrize can host really any type of expression.”
The show has works critical of Betsy DeVos and the Trump administration, including “For-profit Education” by Sarah Ellis, a Grand Rapids high school teacher. She says in an artist's statement that her video and installation-based piece reflects her concern over policies that harm “free and quality education for all.” Her video shows a hammer striking plaster casts of the ancient Greek philosopher Plato, who is quoted in the work saying, “Education is teaching our children to desire the right things.”
Detroit artist Eric Millikin's “Made of Money” consists of dollar bills cut up and fashioned into portraits of “great people,” such as Nikola Tesla, Hedy Lamarr, Joe Louis and Edgar Allan Poe, who “died penniless.” Millikin said his work is designed to remind “that our best people aren't always rewarded with wealth, and that our wealthiest people aren't always our best.”
Millikin said he has long known about the DeVos family through their wealth and political connections. He recalls in particular Betsy DeVos' husband, Dick DeVos, a former Amway president who unsuccessfully ran for Michigan governor in 2006. The DeVos family's support of ArtPrize kept Millikin away for the first eight years, but he saw the election of Trump and Betsy DeVos' cabinet appointment as a way “to make a statement.”
“That made it a better place (to exhibit) because I'm addressing a national figure,” he told the AP. “It's equivalent to someone … speaking up at the town hall.”
ArtPrize Exhibitions Director Kevin Buist said political statements — including those against the DeVos family — have been part of the competition since the beginning. In 2009, Anna Campbell exhibited “The Seeding Trilogy,” which featured drink coasters with messages calling out efforts by members of the DeVos family to fight same-sex marriage.
Buist said an increase in political pieces — and an increasing spotlight on them — is no surprise, given the current climate.
“Some (artists) are angry and they have a right to be angry,” he said. “They're using ArtPrize as a vehicle to express that and to work through really complicated and tricky issues.
“Of course, some of that is going to be directed toward the current administration, and some of our funders,” he added. “That's fine. I'd be worried if that weren't happening.”
Evans breaks down in custody
Suspected kidnap kingpin Chukwudemeje George Onwuamadike alias Evans is not finding it funny in police custody. He is weeping that he is being held among “common poor criminals”, The Nation learnt yesterday.
The kingpin, who was arrested on Saturday at his 3, Fred Shoboyede Street, Magodo, Lagos home, is being kept in a maximum security cell.
It was gathered that Evans broke down yesterday, lamenting the state of the police cell.
A source said he lamented that after making billions, owning gold, diamond and living like a king, he finally ended up in a cell with poor suspects.
It was gathered that he told his interrogators he has two other detention camps in Lagos.
He was also said to have confessed that he started off as an armed robber in Sokoto State.
The source said: “He has been weeping uncontrollably because he is in a cell with common poor criminals despite all the wealth and mansions he owned.
“He has started talking. He has given us locations of other detention camps he had in Lagos. Aside Igando, he had two others and detectives would visit the place. He also said that his very first robbery was in Sokoto State and that they killed the victim.
“He is still being interrogated and more details would come out after the camps have been visited.”
Meanwhile, The Nation learnt yesterday that Evans has been excommunicated from Nnewi for over five years because of the terror he unleashed on wealthy indigenes of the town.
It was also learnt that his second in command, Felix Chinemerem, a native of Amanagu in Abia State, was also declared wanted in 2014, after his criminal activities led to the killing of many innocent people.
It was learnt that Chinemerem took part in the kidnap of a prominent Nigerian, which prompted policemen to storm the community and allegedly shot randomly, killing villagers.
After the incident, the villagers were said to have moved to kill him but he fled and had not been seen since then.
The post Evans breaks down in custody appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FDLE TO REWARD TIPSTER
Since February 10, FDLE has been working to secure FDLE's $10,000 portion of the reward for the individual who called 911 and provided the location of fugitives Boyette and Rice where they were apprehended by law enforcement.
A portion of the reward is not legally available due to the manner in which the call was received. But, The Santa Rosa County Crime Stoppers program did not stop there. We have been actively coordinating and facilitating the large payment of up to $16,000.00 of the total reward.
“Boyette and Rice remained elusive throughout the fugitive investigation. Their violent and cowardly crimes were abruptly ended because of an alert citizen and the cooperation between all investigative agencies and the success of the Crime Stoppers program,” stated Dominic Guadagnoli, Inspector for the US Marshals Florida Regional Fugitive Task Force in Pensacola.
Jack Massey, Special Agent in Charge at FDLE's Pensacola Regional Operations Center, said: “The pattern of Boyette and Rice on the run made it clear there were likely to be additional murders. We are very grateful that they were apprehended due to the awareness and dedication of a citizen who spotted them and took immediate action to report it. FDLE was informed on February 10 of a person wishing to claim the reward, and we are confident awarding this individual is the right thing to do. This timely tip saved innocent lives.”
Crime Stoppers is committed to the anonymity of our tipsters. This case has opened discussions on the importance of our mission in which protecting the tipsters identity is the foundation of our organization.
The Santa Rosa Crime Stopper has been facilitating and coordination the payment of the reward dollars from these organizations.
A spokesman for the Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Office said, “We certainly believe the individual who called 911 saved lives and needs to be rewarded for their efforts.”
Bellefontaine High School was the host school to the annual Jimmy Mac Duals. This is a ten team tournament with each team wrestling five matches. The Tigers saw their first dual meet action of the year, and came ready to wrestle. MHS finished the tournament at 4-1, giving themselves a great start to the season.
In round one, the Tigers faced St. Paris Graham Local Black. Graham is no stranger to successful wrestling, as their team has won the last 17 state titles in division 2. McClain jumped out to a 45-0 lead and it was enough to hold off the hard charging Falcons and secure a 45-30 victory.
In round two, the host Bellefontaine Chieftains and the Tigers battled all the way to the end. The fourteenth and final match was the deciding match. Sophomore Thomas Retherford (145), coming off of his first ever varsity victory against St. Paris Graham, continued his winning ways and won by pin to overtake the Chieftains and give the Tigers a five point victory, 39-34. A pin is worth six points.
Now at 2-0 on the season and for the tournament, MHS faced their second consecutive division one opponent, this time, the team from Canal Winchester. Last year, CWHS beat McClain on a tiebreaker criteria. The Tigers never let the match get close enough this year for that to happen. The Tigers secured the victory with four matches remaining when Quinton Smith (132) won by pin. CWHS would win the final three matches, but it was too little too late. MHS won 42-36.
To secure their fourth win to start the season, the Tigers would have to defeat Southeastern Local High School from South Charleston. This is the first time these two schools have ever competed against one another. Greenfield ran away with this match after splitting the first two matches. The final was McClain 51-24.
Urbana would be the team that stopped the winning streak. McClain won the first three matches, but the Hilltoppers kept fighting back. After match number 8, UHS took the lead and kept it for the remainder of the match. Urbana won the match 43-30. A highlight for McClain in the match was Keegan Rawlins (152) winning a decision over returning District Placer Damion Williams.
Urbana and New Lexington both went 5-0 on the day. The tournament director decided New Lexington should receive the first place trophy as he thought NLHS was the better team. Urbana took home the second place trophy.
Individually for McClain, five wrestlers went 4-1 on the day: Lucas Jansen (106), Thomas Retherford, Keegan Rawlins (152), Ethan Taylor (195), and Kade Rawlins (220). Lucas and Kade also joined Retherford in winning their first ever varsity matches.
Four of their wrestlers went 3-2: Dawson Jansen (126), Nathan Franz (160), Kyler Trefz (182), and Kai Borrelli (285). Winning two of five matches was Quinton Smith and Phil Waters (170). Winning one match was Jake Krafthefer (138). Every wrestler in the lineup got their hand raised in victory.
Up next for McClain is a home match starting at 6pm on Thursday, December 14th. Chillicothe and Frankfort Adena will bring both their varsity and junior high teams. This will be the first ever Frontier Athletic Conference action to be seen in the McClain gymnasium.
Submitted by Shane Paul is the head wrestling coach for McClain High School.
Sean Kelly may be best remembered as the GAA President who prompted the opening of the door at Croke Park to soccer and rugby.
It was during his time as the Association's President that the historic vote was taken in 2005 to relax Rule 42 and allow international games to be played at GAA HQ during the redevelopment of Croke Park.
But perhaps Kelly's proudest legacy are the All-Ireland junior and intermediate club championships.
These competitions were also started during his time as GAA President and though they don't often generate much publicity, they have been truly revolutionary.
These give players of nearly every ability, in every club, the hope of one day playing in All-Ireland final at Croke Park.
Sean and Colm will be telling the lads to focus and that the only time they should be looking into he stands is when their captain is going up the steps to lift the cup
This weekend players from eight clubs, four hurling and four football, will have the chance to fulfil that dream.
On Saturday it's the junior footballers of Knocknagree (Cork) and Multyfarnham (Westmeath), and the intermediates of Michael Glaveys (Roscommon) and Moy Tír na nÓg (Tyrone).
Then on Sunday the intermediate hurling final features Ardmore (Waterford) against St Mogue's (Wexford) while the junior final is between Cork's Kanturk and Ballyragget from Kilkenny.
"In the next 100 years will Moy ever be in Croke Park again? I'd say there's less than a one per cent chance of that happening," said RTÉ football analyst Philip Jordan, who will be cheering on his village, his neighbours and his friends in the junior football final on Saturday.
"Before last year it had been 1982 since we won intermediate in Tyrone - that's nearly 40 years and it's a long way from winning a county title to getting to Croke Park."
Jordan played first team football with the Moy from 1998 to 2012, when a hip injury forced him to hang up his boots. He featured in two losing county intermediate finals and never thought he'd see the day when his club would be making the journey to Dublin for an All-Ireland final.
Philip Jordan in action for Tyrone at Croke Park
"Nearly every game we've played we've been travelling thinking ‘this might be the day our luck runs out'. They lads have kept winning and with that the village has really bought into it and the spirit has been something else," he said.
"We're lucky to be part of something special, all the more so because we were underdogs in nearly every game we've played since we got into Ulster.
"Most people here remember when Tyrone were getting to All-Ireland finals and even then I don't think there was a single person in the Moy that thought they'd see their club heading to Croke Park.
"When we won Sam Maguire for the first time there were all those stories about grown men crying on the pitch in Croke Park and I used think to myself why would they be crying over a game of football.
"At the semi-final, when we went a point up I was very close to it though and I had to tell myself to catch myself on! It's very emotional."
The main men for the Moy are, unsurprisingly, the Cavanagh brothers, Sean, recently retired from inter-county, and Colm.
Croke Park will be the venue this weekend
"The experience they have been invaluable. Normally, the rest of the lads only see the county boys for two or three sessions before a championship match. On this run they've been together week-on-week and that has given the time required for their influence to have a real effect," said Jordan.
"Their Croke Park experience will be invaluable too. It's very easy to walk out onto that pitch with your mouth open, look about you up into the stand and let the whole occasion get the better of you.
"Sean and Colm will be telling the lads to focus and that the only time they should be looking into he stands is when their captain is going up the steps to lift the cup."
Moy take on the Michael Glaveys team based in Ballinlough, County Roscommon, bordering on Mayo and Galway. Glaveys are the home club of late Roscommon hero Dermot Early senior. They got the better of Wexford's Kilanerin in their semi-final while Moy beat An Ghaeltacht in the last round.
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Fire officials say the most destructive of the Southern California wildfires has burned more than 270 square miles and is only 15 per cent contained.
Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown says the containment number will likely go down not because of a lack of progress, but because of the fire's expected growth.
Ventura County fire behavioural analyst Brendan Ripley says he believes the fire is the fifth largest in California's history.
More than 30,000 people are under mandatory evacuation orders.
Authorities warned residents at a community meeting Sunday in Santa Barbara not to ignore evacuation orders.
——
12:30 p.m.
Forecasters say gusty, dry Santa Ana winds will continue in Southern California for at least another day in areas where crews are battling wildfires, including one that is threatening a seaside city.
The National Weather Service has extended red flag warnings until Monday night for parts of Ventura and Los Angeles counties. Powerful gusts are expected through late Sunday in mountains of Santa Barbara County, where firefighters are protecting homes from flames moving down hillsides toward coastal neighbourhoods.
New evacuations were ordered Sunday for the city of Carpinteria, which has been under threat for days from a huge and destructive wildfire that's still pushing west nearly a week after breaking out.
Crews have made progress on other fronts of that fire and on separate blazes in Los Angeles, San Diego and Riverside counties.
——
Noon
Officials say smoke from wind-whipped wildfires is causing unhealthy air for large swaths of Southern California.
A flare-up Sunday on the western edge of a huge fire burning in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties sent up a new plume that added to heavy smoke already choking areas around the cities of Ventura, Oxnard and Santa Paula.
The Ventura County Air Pollution Control District says air quality is especially bad in the Ojai Valley, where it has at times reached hazardous levels as flames burned surrounding hillsides.
To the southeast, regulators warned Saturday of unhealthy air across parts of greater Los Angeles despite progress being made against several wildfires burning there.
The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
——–
9:05 a.m.
A major flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire has sent residents fleeing as flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns.
New evacuations were ordered Sunday in Carpinteria, a seaside city northwest of Los Angeles.
Santa Barbara County Fire spokesman Mike Eliason says crews saved several homes as unpredictable winds fanned the blaze.
The department posted a photo of one residence engulfed in flames. It's unclear whether other structures burned.
Firefighters made significant progress on other fronts of the enormous fire that started Dec. 4 in Ventura County.
Forecasters say Santa Ana winds that whipped several fires across the region are expected to die down later Sunday.
Containment is way up on blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties.
For the past few years, hard drive manufacturers have run into problems when attempting to increase drive capacities. HDDs aren't growing nearly as quickly as they used to, though much of this decline has been overshadowed by the availability of first SATA-based SSDs, and now, newer solutions using PCIe.
Part of the reason why consumer drives haven't grown more quickly is because technologies like Shingled Magnetic Recording, which allows tracks to overlap each other like shingles, increases storage capacity but decreases performance. At a time when HDDs are already completely outclassed by SSDs, anything that takes performance backwards isn't likely to be a hit with mainstream markets. But Toshiba is leveraging one technology — helium — to solve both problems.
As we've previously discussed, filling a drive with helium dramatically lowers the internal pressure inside the drive. It allows manufacturers to pack more drive platters into the same chassis, and it reduced internal heat; lower density means less heat build-up. Helium hard drives haven't exactly become standard on the consumer market, but they've tiptoed their way into certain spaces after first debuting as an exclusive enterprise option. Avoiding SMR also makes the drives easier to manage at either the firmware or the OS level.
The flip side is there's only a tiny storage density improvement in play here; Toshiba is using 1.56TB platters, while its competitors are back on ~1.5TB. Shoving more platters into a drive while retaining a 3.5-inch form factor is mechanically impossible after a certain point. And while hydrogen gas is only about half as dense as helium, that's still a much smaller improvement than what helium offered compared with Earth's atmosphere.
The MG07ACA14TE (14TB) and the MG07ACA12TE (12TB) are both 7200 RPM drives with SATA 6G support. The 14TB drive is rated for 260MB/s of sequential read performance, while the 12TB drive is rated for 250MB/s. Toshiba has talked about a 16TB drive, according to Anandtech, but that much space would require roughly 1.8TB platters, a significant jump over what the company is using today.
Seagate has pledged to bring the next leap in recording technology, Heat-Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR) to market, alongside helium-filled drives of at least 18TB. Those drives could be on the market as soon as 2018. Western Digital is backing a technology known as MAMR (Microwave-Assisted Magnetic Recording), in which microwave fields emitted by a spin-torque oscillator allows drives to use weaker magnetic fields when writing data. This is supposed to boost densities up to 4.5Tbits/inch2 over time, which would theoretically enable 40TB hard drives, eventually. MAMR may be ready by 2019, though all timelines should be taken provisionally; some of these technologies have been in the works for a decade or more.
No charges have been laid, but the OSPCA has issued orders to a Moonstone Dog Sled company. The animal protection agency has issued the order to provide adequate insulated shelter, clean water, and appropriate food to the company, pointing out issuing these orders is part of the legal process the OSPCA must follow. The dog sled company was accused on social media of mistreating its animals, a claim the OSPCA continues to investigate.
Gadgets often like to gravitate towards a sweet spot of size and features, and so it is with compact system cameras (CSCs).
These mirrorless snappers trade the bulky optical viewfinder found in DSLRs for a form that helps them box in similar weight categories to compact cameras.
DSLR traditionalist Canon was a little slow out of the CSC blocks compared to fast starters like Fujifilm and Olympus, but the EOS M6 is here to provide a super-compact alternative.
That's because the M6 not only ditches optical viewfinders, but an electronic viewfinder too – which results in a small CSC with DSLR-like photographic powers. So does it hit that sweet spot of pro photography in your jacket pocket? We played around with one to find out.
RARITAN TWP. - A township man driving in a vehicle using red and blue strobe lights was arrested and charged with impersonating a police officer, police said.
Michael F. Lakat, 65, was charged following an investigation. Police said they received a report on Sept. 28 that a driver saw Lakat driving a car on Sept. 7 with the lights on and displaying a badge.
Corporal William Cialone conducted the initial investigation, with the charges filed by Officer Eli Walters.
Lakat was released with a pending court date, police said.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. — Police in Florida say two visiting New York first responders helped save a 3-year-old girl who was drowning in a hotel swimming pool.
WFTV in Orlando reports that New York State Trooper Matthew Colwell and Jessica Campeta, a firefighter from Hudson, New York, pulled the child from the deep end of the pool at the La Quinta Inn in Daytona Beach on Tuesday evening.
Authorities said Colwell and Campeta revived the child before paramedics arrived.
Police said in a statement that the girl was taken to a hospital and is expected to make a full recovery.
Everyone should have guns. That's right. EVERYONE.
We like you. Do you like us too?
Transcript for Leonardo DiCaprio to play Leonardo Da Vinci in biopic
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
LAS VEGAS — Outdoor enthusiasts looking for wildflowers in the Mojave Desert this year is likely to encounter the blossoms only along the path of a storm that moved through Las Vegas last month.
Should wildflowers bloom at all in the coming months after a dry fall and winter, experts believe it will occur in a roughly 50-mile-wide (80-kilometre-wide) area, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported .
The swath of land stretching from southern Nevada to Yucca Valley, California, is showing early signs of germination, said Jim Andre, director of the Granite Mountains Desert Research Center.
The area hit by the storm includes the eastern edge of Joshua Tree National Park, the Mojave National Preserve and the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area outside Las Vegas.
“There is still a chance we'll see some annuals pop up,” Andre said. “This one rain in a season of bone-dry might get some response. It's not looking real promising, but it's not a guarantee.”
Las Vegas went without rain for 116 days before the early January storm. It dropped an inch (2.5 centimetres) or more of rain on parts of the desert where rain has not been recorded for at least 300 days, Andre said.
In some past years, so-called superblooms have spurred flocks of tourists to visit desert areas like Death Valley National Park. A superbloom covered the valley with wildflowers in 2016, resulting in record park attendance.
The park is unlikely to experience a superbloom this year due to the lack of rain, said Patrick Taylor, the acting chief of interpretation for the park.
While the number of desert visitors might dip, Andre said researchers might have the opportunity to learn how annual plants respond to receiving their only moisture from a single storm.
“We haven't really seen this scenario before in the last 100 years,” Andre said.
——
Information from: Las Vegas Review-Journal, http://www.lvrj.com
Black folks have a gift for complicating the stories that Americans like to tell about themselves. Our presence, for instance, makes it hard to accept the notion that the United States was “conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.” It's a comforting myth and a useful one as well. Abraham Lincoln put it to good use when he spoke those words at Gettysburg, rallying the Union in a time of crisis. But, as history, this foundational myth was undermined by the centrality of slavery in the economic and political life of the new nation.
Our presence complicates other American stories, like the ones that get told about Appalachia. Historian Ronald Eller has pointed out that the region has long been seen as the “other America,” defining what the nation as a whole is not. According to this myth, America is prosperous, while Appalachia is poor. America is modern and progressive, while Appalachia is mired in the past. America is racially and ethnically diverse, while Appalachia is uniformly White, a land of hillbillies and moonshine.
“Coal miner, his wife and two of their children. Bertha Hill, West Virginia. 1938.” Photo by Marion Post Wolcott/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
“When someone hears ‘Appalachia,' the first thing that pops into their head isn't an African American face, ever. It's kind of irritating.”
—Shaylan Clark (Washington Post interview, 2017)
Myths about Appalachia linger in the national subconsciousness and rise to the surface when politicians and pundits find them to be particularly useful. In the 1960s, for instance, President Lyndon Johnson made Appalachian poverty the face of his War on Poverty, believing that voters would be more willing to support programs that seemed to be aimed at poor White people than poor African Americans.
Recently, myths about Appalachia have been recruited to explain the rise of Donald Trump to the presidency. As historian Elizabeth Catte points out in her important new book, What You Are Getting Wrong About Appalachia, the myths of poverty, backwardness, and homogeneous Whiteness have made it easy to paint Appalachia as “Trump Country.” In the aftermath of the 2016 election, an entire journalistic genre emerged that ignored Trump's support among White voters of all income levels and in all regions of the country and instead focused on White working-class voters, especially in Appalachia. Somehow, the ignorance and racism of this “other America” had propelled Trump to victory, not the votes of middle-class suburbanites in Michigan, Wisconsin, Florida, and Texas.
The Whiteness of Appalachia is one of its most enduring stereotypes. Black folks, the story goes, live elsewhere. But in fact, African Americans, some of them enslaved, have inhabited the region since the first soldiers and pioneers drove Native Americans off of their land. Catte notes that when coal industry employment was at its height, in the early to mid-twentieth century, African American miners made up “20 to 50 percent of the workforce.” Even today, she writes, more people in Appalachia “identify as African American than Scots-Irish.” Yet the myth of Whiteness is so strong that even well-known Black people from the region—the educator and politician Booker T. Washington, singers Nina Simone and Bill Withers, and writers August Wilson, Nikki Giovanni, and John Edgar Wideman—are rarely associated with it.
“Sunday in Scotts Run, West Virginia. 1935.” Photo by Ben Shahn/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
Twenty-five years ago, poet and scholar Frank X. Walker, coined the term “Affrilachian.” It was a response to the long history of writing African Americans out of the stories we tell about Appalachia, giving a name to the Black presence in the region and raising its visibility. The term struck a chord and is now widely embraced.
“When I imagine our history, I see photographs.”
—Elizabeth Catte
Photography, Catte shows, played a crucial role in the creation of the mythology of Appalachia. Many others agree. Appalachian filmmaker Elizabeth Barret once noted that outsiders with cameras “mined images in the way the companies mined the coal.” Too often, the images they made were the ones that myths and stereotypes had prepared them to see—poverty, despair, and a cast of characters that was uniformly White.
“Untitled. (Scotts Run, West Virginia, 1935.)” Photo by Ben Shahn/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
Some photographers, however, have come to Appalachia with their eyes and minds wide open. Ben Shahn and Marion Post Wolcott were two of the best. Although Shahn is much better known as a painter and muralist, the photos that he made during two brief stints working for the federal government's now-famous documentary photography project at the Farm Security Administration are among the most significant documents that we have from the 1930s. Wolcott's career as a photographer, although longer than Shahn's, also was short. No matter. At the FSA, she still made some of the best and most iconic images of the era.
Neither Shahn nor Wolcott knew very much about Appalachia when they first arrived. But they were both sharp observers of people and society. And if they were burdened by stereotypes, they soon learned to discard them. They were both politically progressive and opposed to racism and segregation, and they shared an openness to and curiosity about African Americans.
“Coal miner and two of his seven children. He has worked in the mines for about 20 years. Chaplin, West Virginia. 1938.” Photo by Marion Post Wolcott/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
“… my first assignments were very close to Washington. I think one of the first ones, if not the very first, was in the coal fields in West Virginia. That was a very short assignment, of course. And it was a very interesting one, too. I found the people not as apathetic as I had expected they might be. They weren't too beaten down. Of course, many of them were, but they were people with hope. …”
—Marion Post Wolcott in a 1965 interview
In this article, I've selected only photos from West Virginia. That's in part because it's the only state wholly within Appalachia, and in part because the images that Shahn and Wolcott made there are so strong. But these photos are only a small sample of the images of Affrilachians that can be found in the FSA archive. A rich history is waiting to be explored.
“Omar, West Virginia. 1935.” Photo by Ben Shahn/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
“I was offered this job [at the FSA] … but first it was suggested that I take a trip around the country in the areas in which we worked to see what it's all about, and I tell you that was a revelation to me. … my knowledge of the United States rather came via New York and mostly through Union Square. … I had desire to go to the United States, [but] I didn't have a penny. It was in the middle of the Depression, you know. I couldn't get as far as Hoboken at that time. It was really a very serious time. … the present seemed to be hopeless and I just felt that I'd never get out of New York again.”
—Ben Shahn in a 1964 interview
“Untitled. (The Shack, a onetime church; milk is dispensed here. Relief clients wait for hours, Scotts Run, West Virginia. 1935.)” Photo by Ben Shahn/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
There's nothing special about the way that Shahn and Wolcott depicted African Americans. That's one of the reasons that I like their photos so much. Black people here—Affrilachians—are part of the very fiber of society.
“My wife would do the driving. She was very understanding of the whole thing and just as much enthusiastic about it as I was, so that we'd retrace steps, sometimes 500 miles. I needed something to fill in. I'd missed it and back we'd go. We had a little A Model Ford that we knocked around in. It gave us no trouble but it didn't have much speed, so going back 600 miles meant almost three days.”
—Ben Shahn
“Untitled. (Omar, West Virginia. 1935.)” Photo by Ben Shahn Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
“When I first wanted to take their picture, they would be antagonistic, but as soon as I would explain, or briefly explain what the pictures were for and what I intended, they were cooperative.”
—Marion Post Wolcott
“Coal miner's daughter doing the family wash. All the water must be carried from up the hill. Bertha Hill, West Virginia. 1938.” Photo by Marion Post Wolcott/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
“In the South or in the mine country, wherever you point the camera there is a picture. But here you have to make some choices, you see.”
—Ben Shahn
“Liberty, unincorporated, Scotts Run, West Virginia. Negro family living in Moose Hall. 1935.” Photo by Ben Shahn/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
It's possible to look at an isolated photo, out of the hundreds that Shahn and Wolcott produced in Appalachia, and imagine that it merely confirms the stereotype of an impoverished and beaten-down people and region. But that would be wrong. The bodies of work that they produced show people and communities that couldn't be defined by any single aspect of their lives.
“Untitled. (Shooting craps by company store, Osage, West Virginia. 1938.)” Photo by Marion Post Wolcott/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
It's tempting to see Shahn's and Wolcott's Appalachia as an interracial paradise. It wasn't. Schools were segregated. African Americans faced discrimination in the workplace, as well.
“Omar, West Virginia. 1935.” Photo by Ben Shahn/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
Yet it's also clear that Blacks weren't merely outcasts. They were part and parcel of their communities.
“Coal miners' wives making ice cream to sell on Saturday afternoon after payday. Osage, West Virginia. 1938.”
Photo by Marion Post Wolcott/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
Neither Shahn nor Wolcott sugar-coated things. Poverty was real. But the people in the photos were always much more than simply poor.
“Hauling coal up the hill, picked up near mines, to his home. Chaplin, West Virginia. 1938.” Photo by Marion Post Wolcott/Farm Security Administration-Office of War Information Photograph Collection, Library of Congress.
Wolcott and Shahn are by no means that only photographers to picture the lives of Affrilachians. The great documentary photographer Lewis Hine did so in the early 20th century, as did Russell Lee, a former FSA photographer, in the 1940s. Recently, photographer and curator Roger May has spearheaded Looking at Appalachia, a photo-documentary project that engages scores of Appalachian photographers in a collective effort to overturn visual stereotypes about the region. Affrilachians appear in many of the images they've made.
Why have Affrilachians remained almost invisible in American culture, despite this visual record? Perhaps it's because, as Nell Irvin Painter has suggested in her introduction to Blacks in Appalachia, Affrilachians upset two cherished stereotypes—that Appalachia is uniformly White and that Black people can be found only in inner cities or what used to be the plantation South. And, because stereotypes help to orient us in a complex world, it can be hard to see them for what they really are. And, so, photographers and writers continue to reproduce myths and stereotypes about Appalachia and African Americans alike. We should demand that they do better.
But we must also ask more of ourselves as viewers and readers. Passive looking and reading is lazy, and it leads us astray. When we see beyond the myths, we find a world that's infinitely richer and more rewarding than anything we've been taught to imagine.
This story was funded in part by a grant from the One Foundation.
The 21st century equivalent of the Panama Canal is a railway corridor.
| informacion@granma.cu
Baptized the 21st century equivalent of the Panama Canal by Bolivian President Evo Morales, the bio-oceanic railway corridor scheduled to be built by his country will connect the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans via a 3,700-kilometer line starting from Port of Santos, Brazil, through Bolivia, and ending in Ilo, Peru.
This civil engineering megaproject will benefit more than half of the region's countries, above all landlocked nations like the Plurinational State of Bolivia and Paraguay.
This January, Evo Morales and his Paraguayan counterpart, Horacio Cartes, signed a memorandum of understanding for the rail project, which will see Bolivia and Paraguay build two sections of the railroad, according to DW.
For Paraguay's Public Works and Communications Minister, Ramón Jiménez Gaona, the railway between his country and Bolivia will increase economic activity on the Paraguay River, “With the advantage that we have the third largest fleet of barges and tugboats in the world,” reported DW.
The Minister described the project as a “situation in which everyone wins and we strengthen commercial ties and common interests with Bolivia.”
The railway is also set to be one of the main topics addressed in the Third Bolivia-Peru Bi-national Cabinet meeting scheduled for September 1, with the participation of Evo and Peruvian President Pedro Kuczynski, alongside their respective cabinets.
Regarding Brazil, Bolivia's Minister of Public Works, Milton Claros, confirmed that work is underway to organize a “face-to-face meeting” between all countries involved in the bi-oceanic integration rail project, set to take place at the end of August in Bolivia.
The meeting will serve to review progress made to date, with Bolivia currently in the phase of conducting technical and financial studies.
“We still need to coordinate with the other countries, we are currently in talks to see if they have time to meet,” highlighted Claros, who noted that Brazil is still demonstrating “full interest” in the project.
Meanwhile, on August 3, it was announced that Bolivia had held talks with the government of Argentina, during which Claros met with the country's Minister of Transport, Guillermo Dietrich, in Buenos Aires. There, the government of the province of Jujuy expressed its intention to participate in the venture which aims to strengthen regional integration and provide new opportunities for South-South trade and cooperation.
CHARLOTTE, Mich. — More women and girls are giving victim statements in a Michigan courtroom in a third sentencing hearing for Larry Nassar, the disgraced former gymnastics doctor who has pleaded guilty to molesting people under the guise of medical treatment.
Nassar, 54, worked at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics, the governing body that also trains Olympians. He was sentenced Jan. 24 to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaulting seven people in the Lansing area; more than 150 statements were given in that seven-day hearing. He was sentenced in December to 60 years in federal prison for possessing thousands of images of child pornography.
Here are excerpts of some victims' statements from a hearing that started Wednesday in Charlotte, Michigan, where Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting three gymnasts at an elite club run by an Olympic coach:
——
Lauren and Madison Margraves gave statements Friday shortly before their father, Randall Margraves, lunged at Nassar in court. He was stopped by bailiffs.
Lauren said she was 13 and competing at Twistars gymnastics club in Dimondale when she was molested by Nassar.
“I trusted you. My parents trusted you. My two sisters, who've also had unfortunate experiences with you, trusted you. I feel like I'll never be able to trust another man ever again.”
“My parents are heartbroken and so filled with regret. All three of their children were victims of you. They wish so badly they could have taken us somewhere else to get care.”
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something, but they can't. The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
——
Madison Margraves said she also was molested as a young gymnast competing at Twistars. She first went to Nassar because of a back injury in 2014. She thanked the other accusers.
“You showed me that I am not alone. You showed me that there is power in voice,” she said, her voice cracking. “And I will forever be grateful for that.”
——
Katie Black, who was a gymnast, stood with her father and her coach. She first saw him for a lower back injury at age 11.
“He ruined my sport and my body and he ruined me. Larry was a master manipulator.”
“You didn't just hurt us. You hurt everybody who cares about us. Sometimes I think you hurt my dad more than me.”
——
Brittney Schumann said Nassar molested her at age 11 when she attended her first national team training camp. She is now a practicing physician.
“I'm making this statement because by staying anonymous, how can I say that I'm an advocate for women's health and encourage my patients to be empowered if I can't do it for myself? I'm here today to say to Larry: You are a disgrace to our profession. How dare you say you were a good doctor or providing treatments.”
——
Soccer player Erin Blayer said she's starting seeing Nassar for excruciating back pain at age 12.
She told him: “I am here to move on and leave you in my past.”
Blayer said one takeaway for her is that “the bad guy never wins. … My last tears have already been shed over you.”
——
Jessica Thomashow, 17, said Nassar molested her at ages 9 and 12 when she had rib displacement and a stress fracture in her ankle.
“You took advantage of my innocence and trust. You were my doctor. Why? I ask myself that question all the time. What you did to me was twisted. You manipulated me and my entire family. How dare you?”
She said at Twistars injured gymnasts were instructed to see Nassar, not their family doctor. She said she wanted to be a sports doctor, but the dream “died” after Nassar's abuse.
——
Michigan State University student Katherine Ebert said she was a gymnast since the age of 5 and began seeing Nassar when she was 15.
“You are the most vile, disgusting creature I have ever met,” she told him in court. “There are black holes in my memory that come back as nightmares or flashbacks, not wanting to believe they're true.”
——
Annie Labrie was a full-time gymnast through adolescence. She travelled to Twistars gymnastics club, spending 25 hours a week there, not including the hour-and-a-half drive each way. Nassar was her doctor for five years. She said she saw him for a back injury and was treated at Twistars, Michigan State and the basement of his home.
She said his treatments “made my skin crawl. I rejected my intuition anyway because every adult and authority figure around me assured me that this, that competing was the only option.”
Labrie said she hid it from her parents, “because in Larry's words, ‘They wouldn't understand.”‘
“A pedophile cannot flourish in the way Larry did and in an environment that is not conducive to his behaviour. … It is imperative we as a society do not view this as an isolated incident.”
——
Tiffany Dutton said she was a competitive gymnast from a young age. She suffered back pain around age 12 or 13 and was referred to Nassar by coaches at age 14. She said she was inspired to come forward publicly by the people who appeared at the earlier hearing where Nassar was sentenced last week.
“On this day, I've decided to fully relinquish my anonymity as a symbol to myself that there is absolutely nothing I have to be ashamed or afraid of,” she said. “Due to the bravery and courage of the many women who appeared in Ingham County to face our predator, I am no longer fearful. To all of them I will be ever grateful.”
——
Eve Petrie said she competed at another gym in Lansing but saw Nassar for a back injury starting in late 2012. She said he molested her from ages 12 to 15.
“One thing I never like myself being is a victim. I hate to feel as if I am to be pitied or felt sorry for, especially by those that I love. But I feel as if I can stand here today and say that I am not a victim of sexual abuse, but I am a survivor.”
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas Pause
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game
2:24 Felicia Hambrick talks about her serious pit bull attack
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — The Latest on veterans seeking a class action lawsuit against the Department of Veterans Affairs over radiation exposure they say they experienced after a 1966 accident involving hydrogen bombs in Spain (all times local):
5:15 p.m.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs says it can't comment on a class action lawsuit being sought by veterans who say they responded to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain and then became ill from radiation exposure.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut on Monday filed a request with the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans denied VA disability benefits. A VA spokesman says the VA has not seen the filing and can't address it.
On Jan. 17, 1966, a U.S. B-52 bomber and a refueling plane crashed into each other near the Spanish village of Palomares, releasing four hydrogen bombs and scattering highly radioactive plutonium 239.
Servicemen sent to clean the contamination say they developed cancers and blood disorders but were denied disability benefits.
___
12:50 p.m.
A federal appeals court has been asked to allow a class-action lawsuit against the Veterans Affairs Department by veterans who say they became ill from radiation exposure after responding to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut filed the request Monday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans who sought disability benefits from the VA but were denied.
The students represent Air Force veteran Victor Skaar, of Nixa, Missouri, and want to expand the lawsuit to include other veterans.
VA officials did not immediately return messages Monday.
Radioactive plutonium was released near Palomares, Spain, in January 1966, after a U.S. B-52 bomber and refueling plane crashed. Four hydrogen bombs crashed, but there were no nuclear explosions.
General News of Sunday, 1 January 2017
Source: ultimatefmonline.com
Bishop Daniel Obinim, Founder and General Overseer for International God's Way Church
The Founder and General Overseer for International God's Way Church Bishop Daniel Obinim has called on the president-elect Nana Akufo-Addo and his vice to forgive Abdulai Naaba who is alleged to have made comments that ‘he has killed people and he can kill again'.
In an interview with Kwabena Prah Junior on an Accra-based radio station, the younger brother of Collins Dauda, mentioned that they will beat Kennedy mercilessly should he step foot in Asutifi South describing Kennedy as a mad man who only rants unnecessarily.
“Who is Kennedy Agyapong to threaten me with death, we have been killing before he was born. I have killed human beings and I will finish anybody with bad intentions before his time “he concluded.
According to Bishop Obinim the man has fled to Burkina Faso and has been weeping since. Obinim also extended the plea to Assin North lawmaker , Kennedy Agyapong to also forgive him because the message was directed to him.
Obinim in the presence of his congregation on the 31st December watchnight, went on his knees to plead for mercy for the embattled Naaba.
“He is my church member, the wife who is pregnant is currently at this programm, please am on knees, he was just bragging, he cannot even hurt a fly. Forgive him, please forgive him' he pleaded in a very sober voice.
BALTIMORE (AP) - A grand jury has indicted four Baltimore teenagers accused of killing a Maryland police officer who was crushed by a stolen Jeep on a suburban cul-de-sac, authorities announced Wednesday.
In a statement, the Baltimore County State's Attorney's office said the grand jury indictments are made up of first-degree murder and burglary charges.
Baltimore County officer Amy Caprio died May 21 while responding to a report of a suspicious vehicle in the suburb of Perry Hall. Police accused 16-year-old Dawnta Harris of running her down in the stolen car as she tried to apprehend him.
The state was formally supervising Harris, who was wearing an ankle bracelet pending sentencing for auto theft when he was arrested in Caprio's death.
Also facing murder charges are his three alleged accomplices. They were allegedly committing a burglary in a nearby home when Caprio was run down on the street.
Under the state's felony murder law, if someone is killed during a burglary, accomplices can also be prosecuted in the slaying. All four teenagers involved are now charged as adults and being held in an adult lockup.
Prosecutors allege Caprio's body camera recorded Harris accelerating the Jeep at the officer as she tried to apprehend him.
A defense lawyer for Harris, J. Wyndal Gordon, has argued that the state agency tasked with managing and treating youngsters like his client clearly dropped the ball.
"They let Amy Caprio down," Gordon said recently.
In the days following the policewoman's killing, some authorities in Maryland blamed each other for having put Harris on home arrest while he awaited sentencing for auto theft.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Crystal Palace's U18 side will travel to face Queens Park Rangers tomorrow (Saturday) - but now at a different venue.
Paddy McCarthy's side make the trip to face their QPR counterparts as they look to continue their unbeaten start to the season, with the young Eagles sitting top of the U18 league after victory against Coventry City last week.
But the venue for the match tomorrow has been changed, with the clash now set to be played at Imperial Heston, Crane Lodge Road, Cranford, Middlesex, TW5 9PQ.
Admission is free of charge for the game, which kicks off at 10.30am.
14:21 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Country of birth: Judea and Samaria Read more
Parents enrolling children in first grade discover children's country of birth listed as 'Judea and Samaria' or 'Palesitnian Authority.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
WINNIPEG — A group that represents defence lawyers says some proposed laws aimed at cracking down on drivers distracted by hand-held electronic devices go too far.
Manitoba and Ontario are two provinces planning to let police temporarily suspend the licences of drivers caught using hand-held cellphones and other equipment. The suspension would last three days for a first offence and seven days for a second one.
There is no penalty for using hands-free equipment.
The Criminal Defence Lawyers Association of Manitoba says giving that much discretion to police at the scene, with no court hearing, is wrong.
“We're concerned about a lack of judicial oversight and due process for roadside suspensions,” spokesman Scott Newman said Monday.
“Police officers can make mistakes and when you're making decisions that are as impactful as a suspension, they should be done in a courtroom, not at the roadside.”
Police already can suspend licences on the spot if drivers have alcohol in their systems.
Newman said that's more easily justifiable because it's based on evidence from a breathalyzer test. But there's no test for distracted driving and police need simply say they saw a motorist using a device.
“It's very dangerous to start imposing suspensions … based on what an officer claims to observe. We know people are fallible.”
Licence suspensions would be in addition to fines and demerit points already in place.
Manitoba's infrastructure minister, Ron Schuler, said courts have already upheld the idea of immediate roadside suspensions for other infractions to get drivers off the road if they're posing a threat to safety.
“It's a very small suspension and the courts have up until now always upheld the right of a police officer to remove somebody's licence if they deem them to be in contravention of a law,” Schuler said.
Winnipeg police Chief Danny Smyth said a crackdown is needed because many people still use cellphones while behind the wheel.
“I drive in rush hour every day and every day I see somebody using their device.”
The proposed Manitoba law, now being debated in the legislature, offers some leeway to motorists. Officers would seize licences, but also give drivers a temporary one-day licence so they could get home. The suspension would start after the temporary licence expired.
Turkey will bid to host the Euro 2024 soccer tournament after three previous unsuccessful attempts, Turkish Football Federation head Yildirim Demiroren said on Wednesday.
The country previously made bids to stage the finals in 2008, 2012 and 2016.
"On this occasion we believe both as a management board and a country that we deserve to get it," Demiroren said at a meeting to announce the candidacy with sports minister Akif Cagatay Kilic.
Turkey will make its official application on 2 March, Demiroren added. UEFA will announce all 2024 bidders on 10 March and its decision on the winning bid in September 2018.
The Turkish federation chief highlighted the country's recent investments in stadiums as an asset to their bid.
"Turkey is the only example of a country in Europe or even the world which has made as many as 32 stadium investments in the last few years," Demiroren said.
PARIS (AP) - The Latest from the French Open (all times local):
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss - perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an underhand serve - not his first of the match, either - and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favorite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break - and was down a broken racket, too - before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometer) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money - and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:36 Police comment on officer involved shooting in North Miami Beach Pause
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump
1:08 A big day for Panthers' Vincent Trocheck
1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
The market for a peculiar type of clay is looking up thanks to improved prospects for oil and gas drilling and to cat owners who use the stuff to soak up their pets' business.
Continue Reading Below
Over 90 percent of all bentonite mined in the U.S. and almost half worldwide comes from beds of ancient volcanic ash in Wyoming. Some call bentonite the mineral of 1,000 uses: It clarifies wine and other alcoholic beverages, forms an impervious liner to keep landfills from leaking, removes ink during paper recycling, and goes into a slew of homeopathic remedies.
But two of the biggest uses are in kitty litter and drilling mud, the goop pumped down oil and gas wells during drilling to keep the bit cool and carry cuttings to the surface.
As the oil and gas industry's fortunes rise and fall, so can bentonite's. Over the past two years, bentonite mining companies that do a lot of business with the oilfield services industry suffered while the oil and gas industry experienced its worst slump in 20 years or more.
Now, oil and gas prices have recovered somewhat, and petroleum companies look to drill more soon. Bentonite sales likewise show new signs of life, said Rick Magstadt, vice president of manufacturing for bentonite miner Wyo-Ben Inc.
“I'm not going to hex it by saying that I think it's going to be a lot better, but we expect a better year than we did last year,” Magstadt said.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Bentonite assists drilling because of a property called thixotropy, which causes drilling mud to liquefy in the friction of drilling and solidify when the motion stops.
Cat litter has helped the industry ride out the oil and gas downturn, said Wyoming Mining Association Executive Director Travis Deti.
“The pet litter industry has been very steady,” Deti said. “That's a remarkable thing that I don't think people realize. We're kind of like the pet litter capital of the world.”
Drilling mud accounts for the largest portion of Wyo-Ben's business, while kitty litter and environmental lining round out the company's top three markets, Magstadt said.
Other bentonite mining and processing companies focus almost exclusively on kitty litter, and business has been steady, said Tom Thorson, president of Black Hills Bentonite, which gets 80 to 90 percent of its business from Clorox and other companies that make kitty litter.
Bentonite kitty litter isn't terribly kind to the environment because it comes from surface mines and flushing the stuff, which can absorb up to 10 times its weight in water and swell up to 16 times its original size, isn't a good idea. Bentonite-based kitty litter — millions of tons a year — takes up space in landfills and doesn't decompose.
But alternatives, such as corn-based litter, haven't really caught on despite growing demand for environmentally friendly pet products, said Shannon Brown, an analyst with the market research firm Packaged Facts.
Cat owners often find that biodegradable kitty litters, which can be quite a bit more expensive, doesn't work as well as bentonite-based litters, she said.
“They either don't like them or their cats don't like them. And so, in many cases, people will try them and then just go back to their standard, clay litter,” Brown said.
Nationwide, sales of kitty litter approached $2.9 billion last year. Three-quarters of cat owners buy kitty litter and three-quarters of those buy clay clumping kitty litter, according to Packaged Facts.
Recently the U.S. Bureau of Land Management approved Wyo-Ben's plans to expand a bentonite pit near Thermopolis in north-central Wyoming. It was a rare bit of good news for Wyoming's mining industry, hit hard by a downturn in coal and a recent BLM coal-leasing moratorium.
Wyoming, the top coal-mining state, produces about as much coal in four days as the state's nine bentonite mines do all year. The 4.3 million tons of bentonite mined nationwide last year was down 10 percent from the year before, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Bentonite mining and processing continues to employ almost 700 people in Wyoming, thanks in no small part to cat owners.
“It doesn't sound that sexy, but it's good for business,” Magstadt said.
___
Follow Mead Gruver at https://twitter.com/meadgruver
Start Week 2: 7.9 percent ownership
End Week 2: 53.9 percent
The 2-0 record with a 1.42 ERA and 0.71 WHIP have fantasy owners drooling over the Reds' 24-year-old pitcher. However, the 3.73 xFIP and 93 percent left-on-base percentage is a signal that his other shoe will drop at some point.
Copyright The Associated Press. All rights reserved. AP
(Credit: Def Jam)
By Annie Reuter
Vince Staples is teaming up with Marvel once again. A previously unreleased song of his is featured in the trailer for the computer animated film The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse.
Related: Vince Staples and Tyler the Creator Reveal Joint 2018 Tour Dates
In the nearly 90-second clip, Staples can be heard rapping over slick beats as the adventure plays out on screen. “This morning I woke up in the fortress of distortion / I'm at war with my emotions / I'm coming home now / I'm coming home / Right where I belong now / Right where I belong,” he raps.
Watch the trailer for the film below.
Previously, Staples' song “BagBak” was featured in the Marvel film Black Panther. The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, is expected to hit theaters Christmas 2018.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina — Kyle Larson has been in Chase Elliott‘s shoes.
Not too long ago, the Chip Ganassi Racing driver went 98 starts in NASCAR's premier series without a trip to victory lane.
Then came start No. 99.
In August 2016 at Michigan International Speedway, a late restart with eight laps to go saw Larson get the jump on Elliott. Larson wound up celebrating with his steering wheel thrust out the window and Elliott was left lamenting, “I hate to let my guys down like that.”
It has become a common refrain from the Hendrick Motorsports driver.
More than a year later, Larson now has five Cup wins. After a crushing second-place finish to Kyle Busch last week at Dover, Elliott sits at 70 Cup starts and zero wins.
“(Elliott) has probably run second as many times as I did before the first win and been close just as often as I have, maybe even in some cases more often,” Larson said Friday at Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Larson finished second four times before his triumph. Elliott has had to settle for second five times. Two of those have been to Larson at Michigan.
“I put myself in a lot of positions to win throughout the first two-and-a-half years of my NASCAR career and I seem to kind of choke, I guess, late in the races,” Larson said. “But in each of those losses I had, I learned something from each of them and I became calmer at each of them.”
For Elliott, who is in the second round of the Cup playoffs, there's far less, “I hate to let my guys down like that.”
The second-year driver is shouldering more of the responsibility.
“I appreciate my team and their efforts today,” Elliott said on Sunday. “The pit stops were great and they kept us in the ballgame. I didn't.”
Larson has noticed the change.
“He seems extremely mature so I'm sure he's dealing with it fine,” Larson said. “So far this year, he has dealt with all the close finishes way better than he had last year. I think that is a case of him learning from each of those losses and just becoming calmer and more mature. He will win, and when he wins one, he is going to win a lot, similar to kind of what I did this year.”
But before the start of the playoffs, Elliott disagreed with the notion that his reaction to close losses has “evolved.”
“The circumstances have been different,” Elliott said the week before the playoff opener and an encumbered second-place finish. “When a race didn't end the way that I wanted it to end because it's something that I did, I'm going to take a lot of blame, I'm just going to own up to my mistakes. I'm going to be frustrated with the fact that I know I didn't do my job correctly. When it's out of my hands, I can't do anything about it, those are the days you just have to recognize I couldn't do anything about it.
“But the ones that frustrate me the most are the ones I know I could have done something different to fix it.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
POINT PLEASANT — The 10th annual Shanty Boat Night event will be making its return this May and will benefit the Point Pleasant River Museum and Learning Center.
The event is set for Friday, May 11 at the First Church of God Ministry Center in Point Pleasant. Dinner will be served at 6:30 p.m. Ruth Fout of the river museum shared members of the church's congregation will be preparing the meal consisting of baked steak, green beans, mashed potatoes with gravy, broccoli casserole, salad, and homemade rolls. Coconut cream pie and cherry pie will be options for dessert and coffee, tea, and lemonade will be options for drinks.
Tickets for the event are $35 per person and can be purchased at the river museum or by calling (304) 674-0144. The dress for the event is casual. The entertainment for the evening will be a six-piece band, 1937 Flood and the performance will begin at 7:30 p.m. Fout commented the 1937 Flood will be performing a variety of music.
Also, Fout shared over $3,000 worth of door prizes will be given throughout the evening. She said a few items are five Cracker Barrel rocking chairs, Blenko glass, gift certificates and tickets for restaurants, motel stays, Kings Island, the outdoor production of Tecumseh, and golfing at Snowshoe. Fout said many people who attend the event will leave with a gift.
Fout explained the shanty boat is an important display at the river museum. The museum has several pictures of individuals with their shanty boats. She shared in the early years, many people of the area lived on shanty boats and typically fished for a living. They would pull up to the riverbank to sell their fish to those who lived along the river. Fout commented several shanty boats would be seen tied up to the riverbank at Henderson. She said one individual of Henderson even decided to move his shanty boat on land, add a basement down below, and make it his family home.
By Erin Perkins eperkins@aimmediamidwest.com
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing. Reach her at (304) 675-1333, extension 1992.
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing. Reach her at (304) 675-1333, extension 1992.
Michelle Obama shed some light on life after the White House — and dropped some pearls of wisdom — on Tuesday to thousands of computer programmers gathered in San Jose, California for Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference.
The former first lady's appearance was kept a secret until Monday, when Apple CEO Tim Cook announced at the end of his keynote that Obama would be joining the group for a fireside chat. (Her husband was in Canada at the time.)
Cook described Obama as someone who has been a champion for inspiring young people to reach higher.
Thank you @MichelleObama for sharing your views on diversity & innovation, and for encouraging developers to make the world a better place. pic.twitter.com/IlJRBcb5Di — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 6, 2017
Related: Highlights From Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference
At the San Jose Convention Center, Obama took the stage alongside Apple's Lisa Jackson, who heads up the company's environment, policy, and social initiatives.
While the event was closed to the press, the techies in attendance made sure to live stream the event on Periscope and took to Twitter to share some of what Obama had to say.
Apple CEO Tim Cook announces that former First Lady Michelle Obama will hold a keynote address during the Apple Worldwide Developer Conference on June 5, 2017 in San Jose. Josh Edelson / AFP - Getty Images
That included some shade thrown at the current president. Obama said we're at a point as a country when problem solvers are needed, "who believe in the power of immigrants, believe that global warming is real."
LIVE on #Periscope: Michelle Obama will be speaking at WWDC https://t.co/KJeMVb0ulY — Nick Takayama (@ntakayama) June 6, 2017
Speaking of life after the White House, Obama said she is enjoying "just being able to sit calmly and listen," recalling what it was like to spend some time in a Tuscan villa where there was no noise.
"It's important to let your mind set and we are trying to do that before we get right back in it," she said.
There are also simple joys she now gets to experience, like answering the door at the home the Obamas moved into in Washington D.C.
Michelle Obama waxes on life after the White House, and doing simple things like "opening your own door" #wwdc2017 pic.twitter.com/QoQTlr69bF — Amy Tsai (@mousiechika) June 6, 2017
But of course, the former FLOTUS was also there to provide some inspiration at the event designed to fire up developers to create applications for Apple products.
And those experiences might not always be about money or scale, Obama said, telling developers that sometimes the most powerful things "are at a small and local level."
She encouraged developers to think about their "higher purpose" at a time when she said "committed problem solvers" are needed more than ever.
That also includes making room at the table for more diverse voices, she said.
Pinnacle to showcase product line Illuminated by BIOS and offer AIA accredited presentations
Melbourne, FL (PRUnderground) April 17th, 2017
BIOS Lighting, a developer and industry leading innovator of circadian and horticultural LED lighting solutions, today announced it will team up with Pinnacle Architectural Lighting to provide AIA accredited presentations during LIGHTFAIR International 2017 in Philadelphia. The sessions, which will be offered at 10a, 12p, 2p and 4p May 9 and 10, and 9:30a on May 11 at Pinnacle's booth #239 will focus on circadian lighting and will be presented by BIOS VP of Human Biological Research and Technologies, Robert Soler. In addition, Pinnacle will showcase several new products Illuminated by BIOS technology, including the sleek and elegant LiFT.
Pinnacle's LiFT, now available with BIOS SkyBlue™ Technology, is designed with clean lines and harmonious proportions and provides the ability to create clusters of light in any architectural space. BIOS SkyBlue™ Technology infuses blue sky spectrum into LED light to help individuals regulate and entrain their circadian rhythm, which enables the body's biological clock to properly operate and manage critical functions including the production of testosterone, hormones, cortisol and melatonin.
“At Pinnacle, one of our top goals was to be able to offer a true solution for Circadian Rhythm regulation,” said Chris Hammelef, President of Pinnacle Architectural Lighting. “Tunable white has been the perceived solution in the industry for so long. Now we need to educate everyone on BIOS SkyBlue™ Technology. That's our main objective at LIGHTFAIR; to be able to educate as many influencers in the industry about our newest technological offering. BIOS is the technology for Circadian Rhythm regulation and together with Pinnacle, we're able to offer the best solution in the Lighting Industry.”
Soler's presentation will references peer-reviewed journals, proprietary research and real-world applications to clearly illustrate what participants should truly expect from circadian lighting. In addition, Soler will cover circadian design techniques to optimize biological impacts and provide information on real world health benefits.
“Although few truly understand the science behind it, manufacturers are pushing specifiers, designers and architects towards color tuning lights for circadian regulation,” said Soler. “My presentations at the Pinnacle booth during LIGHTFAIR will provide an excellent platform to discuss the truth about circadian lighting and, with the help of fundamental science, explain how it is not color tuning, but something much more specific to our bodies' biological needs. It is not just for shift workers, 24-hour facilities, or elderly care. Circadian lighting is necessary for every one of us.”
LIGHTFAIR International, the world's largest architectural and commercial lighting trade show and conference, will be held May 9-11 at the Pennsylvania Convention Center. This three-day conference brings light, technology and design together to reveal new solutions, knowledge and discoveries to thousands of attendees, including design, lighting, architectural, engineering, energy, facility and industry professionals from the world. For more information or to register, visit http://www.lightfair.com/V40around.
About BIOS Lighting
Biological Innovations and Optimization Systems, LLC (BIOS) is a recognized innovator in the biological application of LED lighting. Through groundbreaking research and continuous technology development, BIOS LED lighting solutions are designed to improve the health and well-being of people, plants and animals, while reducing energy use and creating a more sustainable planet. By integrating years of biological and horticultural expertise with science first developed at NASA for Bioregenerative Life Support Systems as well as the International Space Station, and the latest advancements in LED lighting and controls, BIOS creates lighting technologies that deliver unparalleled biological and horticultural results. The BIOS Lighting team has a collective experience of more than 50 years in lighting specific research and development, and are listed on more than 30 LED lighting technology patents. Located in the “Space Coast” area of FL, its Melbourne headquarters are located just south of NASA's Kennedy Space Center, where BIOS continues to draw-on and participate in the massive infrastructure built to support NASA's ongoing research programs. More information is available at www.BIOSLighting.com.
About Pinnacle Architectural Lighting
Pinnacle Architectural Lighting, a brand of Legrand, is a leading lighting manufacturer in Denver, Colorado, that has a wide range of commercial specification grade lighting products. From architectural recessed to narrow aperture fixtures, Pinnacle has something for every space. Pinnacle's products offer the design professional a complete portfolio of integrated products that breathe life into architectural spaces for design that lasts. Pinnacle offers LED options for all of their current products and is constantly looking to build confidence and exceed customer expectations by creating innovative products for the lighting industry.
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — A Palestinian official says the goal of establishing a state of Palestine alongside Israel enjoys broad international support, expressing surprise at a Trump administration suggestion that a peace deal may not come in the form of a two-state solution.
Husam Zomlot, an adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, says the “two-state solution is not something we just came up with.”
Zomlot spoke ahead of a White House meeting on Wednesday between President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
A White House official has said that it's up to Israelis and Palestinians to decide what peace will entail, and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
Zomlot says it's not clear if the comments signal a shift from long-standing U.S. policy of supporting a two-state deal.
LOS ANGELES — A spokeswoman for Ralphie May says the comedian has died. He was 45.
In a statement Friday, publicist Stacey Pokluda says May died of cardiac arrest. She said he had been fighting pneumonia, which caused him to cancel a few appearances in the past month.
His body was found Friday morning at a private residence in Las Vegas.
On Wednesday, the round-faced May was named casino comedian of the year at the Global Gaming Expo. He was booked through the rest of 2017 at Harrah's Las Vegas.
May, a Tennessee native who was raised in Arkansas, parlayed a second-place finish on TV's “Last Comic Standing” in 2003 into TV and club appearances.
His publicist said May's survivors include his wife, Lahna Turner, and children April June and August James.
Why it matters to you Google antitrust battles seriously impact Android and how it works — but in this case, it will also diversify the Android phones available.
Android phones in Russia may soon be a whole lot more diverse. As part of Google's agreement with antitrust officials in Russia, Google will no longer require that phones sold in the country come with Google's apps pre-installed. That paves the way for manufacturers to install their own replacement apps instead.
The news comes from Reuters, which notes that this marks the end of a battle that began in February 2015. On top of no longer requiring that apps like Gmail and Maps be pre-installed on Android, Google will also have to create a tool that allows users to change the default search engine — and manufacturers in Russia will still have access to the Google Play Store.
The dispute between Google and Russia's Federal Antimonopoly Service has been a long one. While still trying to fend off European regulators, Google was struck with a $6.8 million fine from Russian antitrust officials. That is chump change for a company that nets about $75 billion in annual revenue, but it's troubling — especially considering that the company's appeal has been rejected by a Russian court, according to Reuters.
The fine, issued early in August, came months after Russia's Federal Antimonopoly Service found Google guilty of stifling alternative search engines, such as the Russian-born Yandex, and other services in Android smartphones. The Moscow arbitration court upheld that decision in March 2016, dealing a blow to the Mountain View, California-based company's power-broker status among phone manufacturers in the region.
The court agreed with the findings of the FAS — that Google abused its dominant position in the Russian mobile industry to advertise its own apps and services at the expense of local competition. In its decision last year, the agency said Google's compulsory bundling policy — one that forces phone manufacturers to sign an agreement with the company to preinstall its services in exchange for access to its Play Store app market — was illegal under Russian anti-monopoly law.
The FAS said Russia's competition laws affect all products that “are supplied to the Russian Federation” — including those from foreign companies.
“We have received notice of the fine from FAS and will analyze closely before deciding our next steps,” a Google spokesperson previously told Digital Trends. “In the meantime, we continue to talk to all invested parties to help consumers, device manufacturers, and developers thrive on Android in Russia.”
In counterarguments before the FAS last year, Google emphasized that its Android partners are free to opt for alternative apps instead of the company's own. But regulators concluded that most manufacturers found the Play Store an irresistible carrot because it touts more than 2 million apps and a billion active users worldwide. That has led most to, for example, adopt Google as the default search engine on their handsets despite the popularity of Yandex (more than 80 percent of Russians report using Yandex for most Internet searches).
Android has generated billions in revenue and profit for the company since 2008, largely from advertisements shown on Android phones and transactions from the Play Store. In light of the recent decision, manufacturers may decide to supplant the company's ad platform and app store with alternatives.
And the implications of the fine extend far beyond Russia. The European Union's European Commission began a line of inquiry regarding the company's Android practices last year, and in April 2016 accused the company of boosting its own services and apps on Android over other rival services.
In the U.S., Google may still be facing some trouble from the Federal Trade Commission, though the commission's investigation on Google's search dominance is still early in the process. The FTC once considered suing the company over similar practices in 2012 but scrapped those plans after officials failed to reach a consensus.
Google has previously told Digital Trends that “anyone can use Android, with or without Google applications. Hardware manufacturers and carriers can decide how to use Android and consumers have the last word about which apps they want to use on their devices.”
Yandex filed the complaint to the FAS in February 2015, kickstarting the investigation that led to the fine.
“We are satisfied with today's Moscow Arbitration Tribunal decision,” a Yandex spokesperson told Digital Trends. “This decision confirms the FAS findings of the investigation into Google's anti-competitive practices on Android.”
Article originally published in December 2016. Updated on 04-17-2017 by Christian de Looper: Added news that Google will no longer require manufacturers pre-install its apps in Russia.
Lindsey Buckingham and Christine McVie have released “In My World,” the first single from their upcoming self-titled album.
The song track, which you can hear below, is one of five solo Buckingham compositions on the 10-song set, expected to be released on June 9. Fans hoping to hear the duo harmonize might be a little disappointed, however, most will likely be pleased. What do you think?
Baroness Louise Lehzen was Queen Victoria's governess, friend, ally, companion and advisor. But she and Prince Albert detested one another...
Since the very first episode of ITV's Victoria, Baroness Lehzen has been a constant presence – just as she was in the real Queen's life. She is played by the German actress Daniela Holtz as a stern but loving woman who only wants the best for Victoria and won't let anything stand in her way.
Advertisement
Who was the real Baroness Lehzen?
Baroness Louise Lehzen was at Queen Victoria's side from the moment she was born and was her most faithful and constant companion, serving as her governess and later than her advisor.
The seventh daughter of a Lutheran pastor in the German Kingdom of Hanover, Lehzen had to work for her living from a young age. She was employed as a governess and moved with the Duke and Duchess of Kent to England so their daughter Victoria could be born in the country she would one day rule.
The Duke of Kent died when Victoria was only young and the princess grew up in the confines of Kensington Palace, restricted by her protective mother and the dominating comptroller Sir John Conroy: she was never allowed to be alone, and she always had to have someone holding her hand when she walked down the stairs. Lehzen, who was put in charge of this unhappy kid when she was five, became her closest friend and ally.
Victoria became second-in-line to the throne when she was just a young child, so King George IV promoted Lehzen to the title of Baroness – after all, a potential future Queen could not consort with commoners.
As Victoria's governess, Lehzen was stern but also encouraged her to become informed and independent, rejecting her mother and Conroy's influence.
Surprised by how little they could control her, the Duchess and Conroy resented Lehzen's interference but were powerless because the Baroness had the full support of Victoria's uncles – including the King and her Uncle Leopold, who were suspicious of Conroy's attempts to manipulate the future Queen.
When Victoria became Queen in 1837 she no longer needed a governess. Instead Lehzen served as a sort of unofficial private secretary and lived in apartments adjacent to Victoria in Buckingham Palace – while the Queen's own mother was put in a distant suite of rooms. She had an official role in the household and carried the keys as a sign of her position.
Lehzen never seems to have been ambitious for power or money, instead choosing to devote her life to Victoria.
Did Prince Albert really force Victoria to fire Baroness Lehzen?
The Queen married Prince Albert in 1840, three years into her reign – which turned everything upside down.
Albert and Lehzen detested each other. Lehzen had opposed the marriage (she was worried about keeping Victoria free of male influence and thought she should remain a virgin queen like Elizabeth I), and for his part, Albert found her repulsive and unworthy of friendship with the Queen.
Everything came to a head in 1841, when the royal couple's eldest daughter Victoria (the Princess Royal) suffered an illness. Lehzen had been in charge of the nursery staff and had appointed Sir James Clark as doctor, despite Albert's objections. Dr Clark said the Princess Royal had only a minor ailment and failed to give her the correct treatment; she became seriously ill.
The illness led to a major row between Albert and Victoria, with the Prince Consort saying the Baroness and the Queen would be to blame if little Vicky died. She pulled through – but this was the final nail in the coffin for Lehzen.
Baroness Lehzen was quietly dismissed. She was sent back to Germany and her close friendship with the Queen was severed, although the two continued to write letters to each other.
What happened to Baroness Lehzen after she left the palace?
Lehzen retired to Hanover on a generous pension and reportedly covered the walls of her house with portraits of the Queen – she never lost her affection for her old student and friend. The two met twice more when the Queen came to see her in private.
Advertisement
She lived several decades longer, dying in 1870 at the age of 85.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
On the third day of the Battle of Gettysburg, Confederate General Robert E. Lee's last attempt at breaking the Union line ends in disastrous failure, bringing the most decisive battle of the American Civil War to an end.
In June 1863, following his masterful victory at the Battle of Chancellorsville, General Lee launched his second invasion of the Union in less than a year. He led his 75,000-man Army of Northern Virginia across the Potomac River, through Maryland, and into Pennsylvania, seeking to win a major battle on Northern soil that would further dispirit the Union war effort and induce Britain or France to intervene on the Confederacy's behalf. The 90,000-strong Army of the Potomac pursued the Confederates into Maryland, but its commander, General Joseph Hooker, was still stinging from his defeat at Chancellorsville and seemed reluctant to chase Lee further. Meanwhile, the Confederates divided their forces and investigated various targets, such as Harrisburg, the Pennsylvania capital.
On June 28, President Abraham Lincoln replaced Hooker with General George Meade, and Lee learned of the presence of the Army of the Potomac in Maryland. Lee ordered his army to concentrate in the vicinity of the crossroads town of Gettysburg and prepare to meet the Federal army. At the same time, Meade sent ahead part of his force into Pennsylvania but intended to make a stand at Pipe Creek in Maryland.
On July 1, a Confederate division under General Henry Heth marched into Gettysburg hoping to seize supplies but finding instead three brigades of Union cavalry. Thus began the Battle of Gettysburg, and Lee and Meade ordered their massive armies to converge on the impromptu battle site. The Union cavalrymen defiantly held the field against overwhelming numbers until the arrival of Federal reinforcements. Later, the Confederates were reinforced, and by mid-afternoon some 19,000 Federals faced 24,000 Confederates. Lee arrived to the battlefield soon afterward and ordered a general advance that forced the Union line back to Cemetery Hill, just south of the town.
During the night, the rest of Meade's force arrived, and by the morning Union General Winfield Hancock had formed a strong Union line. On July 2, against the Union left, General James Longstreet led the main Confederate attack, but it was not carried out until about 4 p.m., and the Federals had time to consolidate their positions. Thus began some of the heaviest fighting of the battle, and Union forces retained control of their strategic positions at heavy cost. After three hours, the battle ended, and the total number of dead at Gettysburg stood at 35,000.
On July 3, Lee, having failed on the right and the left, planned an assault on Meade's center. A 15,000-man strong column under General George Pickettwas organized, and Lee ordered a massive bombardment of the Union positions. The 10,000 Federals answered the Confederate artillery onslaught, and for more than an hour the guns raged in the heaviest cannonade of the Civil War. At 3 p.m., Pickett led his force into no-man's-land and found that Lee's bombardment had failed. As Pickett's force attempted to cross the mile distance to Cemetery Ridge, Union artillery blew great holes in their lines. Meanwhile, Yankee infantry flanked the main body of “Pickett's charge” and began cutting down the Confederates. Only a few hundred Virginians reached the Union line, and within minutes they all were dead, dying, or captured. In less than an hour, more than 7,000 Confederate troops had been killed or wounded.
Both armies, exhausted, held their positions until the night of July 4, when Lee withdrew. The Army of the Potomac was too weak to pursue the Confederates, and Lee led his army out of the North, never to invade it again. The Battle of Gettysburg was the turning point in the Civil War, costing the Union 23,000 killed, wounded, or missing in action. The Confederates suffered some 25,000 casualties. On November 19, 1863, President Lincoln delivered his famous Gettysburg Address during the dedication of a new national cemetery at the site of the Battle of Gettysburg. The Civil War effectively ended with the surrender of General Lee's Army of Northern Virginia in April 1865.
Source: www.history.com
Liberty gets stylish new bandages every two weeks, at each vet visit, as she recovers. Christi Fauver Courtesy
The Globes saw the mockery and blowback for this decision and went ahead and did it anyway. And that's not the only weird nomination in this category. Greta Gerwig's autobiographical funny-but-not-really-a-comedy Lady Bird, is one of its rivals, as is I, Tonya, the Tonya Harding biopic that features, among other things, a montage of Harding (Margot Robbie) getting violently abused by her husband. Meanwhile, Kumail Nanjiani's critically acclaimed surprise box-office success The Big Sick was completely shut out.
The format featured the E.U. lawmakers taking turns asking questions, with Zuckerberg then addressing those questions all at once. While some of the politicians asked pointed questions, Zuckerberg mostly avoided them. When pressed toward the end about shadow profiles — in which Facebook builds profiles of nonusers based on their web activity — Zuckerberg gave a short answer about using them for security purposes and quickly moved on.
Europe has been more aggressive than the United States in rolling out new tech regulations and questioning the power of monopolies, and many of the lawmakers on Tuesday were eager to hear Zuckerberg address their concerns about the proliferation of fake news and Facebook's data harvesting scandal.
Zuckerberg appeared less eager to address those concerns in detail, at one point pushing back against the notion that Facebook was a social media monopoly
"We exist in a very competitive space where people use a lot of different tools for communication, where the average person uses eight different tools for communication,” Zuckerberg told lawmakers.
“From where I sit, it feels like there are new competitors coming up every day,” he said. Facebook is “constantly needing to evolve our service,” he said, but stopped short of directly addressing the question of whether Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp need to be broken up, despite being pressed again at the end for a more definitive answer.
Zuckerberg's testimony comes as the European Union is preparing for a sweeping data privacy law, known as GDPR, that is scheduled to go into effect this week. The regulations give Europeans ownership of their data and require companies to report breaches within 72 hours. Failure to comply can result in a fine as high as 4 percent of a company's annual revenue, which for Facebook would be billions of dollars.
Zuckerberg did not address a question from Guy Verhofstadt, a member of the European Parliament from Belgium, who asked if Facebook was prepared to compensate users whose data was misused, one of the remedies afforded to users under the upcoming GDPR regulation. Verhofstadt said that could mean as much as $150 for every user.
Instead, most of Zuckerberg's comments pointed to a bevy of recent announcements that the company has made in the aftermath of the fake news and Cambridge Analytica scandals, including the use of artificial intelligence to proactively detect fake profiles, hiring more moderators, and a initiativing a company-wide review of apps that users connect to through Facebook.
Connected apps have been a particularly sensitive topic since it was found that a Cambridge University researcher had used a quiz to collect the Facebook data of 87 million people — data that was then allegedly used by the data analysis firm, which worked with President Donald Trump's election campaign.
“I do anticipate there are other apps we are going to find and want to take down,” Zuckerberg told lawmakers.
While he reiterated his support for “some sort of regulation,” he also said he wanted to make sure the next startups “don't have an undue burden on building the next great products.”
Zuckerberg also touted strides the company has made in stopping the spread of misinformation. He pointed to the 30,000 fake accounts that he said were removed from the social network before the French election. He also said Facebook worked to “proactively detect and remove accounts from Macedonia” that appeared to spread misinformation during the U.S. Senate special election in Alabama in December.
Zuckerberg is also facing growing pressure from lawmakers in the United Kingdom to come to London to answer their questions.
In March, the U.K.'s information and data privacy regulator launched an investigation into whether Facebook safeguarded personal information and whether it acted "robustly" when it learned about the loss of the data.
After several hearings with other Facebook executives, Damian Collins, chairman of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee in the United Kingdom, has deemed their answers unsatisfactory and has asked for Zuckerberg to testify.
While some European lawmakers questioned whether Facebook is a monopoly, pressure is also mounting in the United States for regulators to probe whether Facebook needs to be broken up. On Monday, several progressive groups banded together to launch a campaign urging the Federal Trade Commission to break up Facebook and its “radical amount of power.”
Facebook responded in a statement touting its “competitive environment where people use our apps at the same time they use free services offered by many others.”
Following his session in Brussels, Zuckerberg is expected to meet with French President Emmanuel Macron on Wednesday.
Yuliya Talmazan contributed reporting.
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos, and the lineup is stellar. The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format, but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel. The concept, which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media, remains as simple and delightful as ever. Only this time, a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden.
Related: Adele's ‘Carpool Karaoke' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we're most excited for:
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna's “Diamonds” with Billy Eichner.
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on her breakout hit, “Falling.”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane.
James Corden's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme!
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi's “Living on a Prayer” with Blake Shelton.
Corden also presides over an epic, R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there's a helicopter.
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “coming soon.”
Watch the preview here:
Attorney General Jeff Sessions became the latest official in the Trump administration to defend the president's comments following the car-ramming attack in Charlottesville, while promising the Department of Justice would take "vigorous action" to defend the rights of Americans to protest bigotry.
"Well [Trump] made a very strong statement that directly contradicted the ideology of hatred, violence, bigotry, racism, white supremacy — those things must be condemned in this country," Sessions told TODAY on Monday. "They're totally unacceptable, and you can be sure that this Department of Justice, in his administration, is going to take the most vigorous action to protect the right of people, like Heather Heyer, to protest against racism and bigotry."
Heyer, a 32-year-old counter-protester, was killed and 19 people were injured after James Alex Fields Jr., 20, allegedly rammed his car through a crowd.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jeff Sessions: Trump 'made a strong statement' about Charlottesville violence 6:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"We're going to protect the right to assemble and march and we're going to prosecute anybody to the fullest extent of the law that violates the right to do so, you can be sure about that," Sessions said.
Fields has been charged with second-degree murder, among other counts, for the alleged attack.
Sessions said that terrorism investigators from the FBI are working on the case with civil rights specialists and attorneys at the Department of Justice.
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," Sessions said. "We are pursuing it in the Department of Justice in every way that we can make it — make a case. You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigations toward the most serious charges that can be brought because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
The vehicle rammed through the crowd during a day that saw clashes between white supremacists attending a "Unite the Right" rally held in Charlottesville and counter-protesters.
President Donald Trump faced bipartisan criticism after suggesting "many sides" were to blame for the violence in Charlottesville. Trump did not denounce the white supremacist groups by name, but an official White House statement later called them out using their specific monikers.
"I thought it was a pretty good statement delivered just a few hours after the event. The next day — yesterday — they explicitly called out the Nazis and the KKK by name," Sessions said.
Sessions implied Trump was speaking to the deep-seated issues of violence that have happened historically in America.
Related: Pence Defends Trump From Critics of Charlottesville Remarks
Police booking photo of James Alex Fields Jr. Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail / EPA
"We've had violence around the country in any number of ways over decades. We've had these spasms of violence that are unacceptable in America," Sessions said. "He did say he wasn't just talking about Donald Trump or Barack Obama — he said these problems have been going on for a long time."
On Saturday, a federal civil rights investigation was launched by the Department of Justice into the deadly car-ramming attack.
"The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice,” Sessions said on Saturday. "When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred, they betray our core values and cannot be tolerated.”
The FBI said in a statement Saturday that it, the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia have opened a civil rights investigation into the car striking the crowd of people.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Protests Against Charlottesville Violence and White Nationalists Break Out Across the United States 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The investigation will examine the actual ramming attack itself, whether it was pre-meditated, and — if it is determined the attack was planned — if others were involved.
Acting U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Virginia Rick Mountcastle and the Civil Rights Division in Washington will head up the federal investigation.
However, the greater issue of clashes between the rallying white supremacists and counter-protesters is currently not under investigation.
Sessions said on Saturday the federal investigation "will have the full support of the Department of Justice."
"Justice will prevail," he said.
Osinbajo meets with Southeast leaders, urges them not to be tempted into tit-for-tat
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday met with Southeast governors and other leaders of thought from the region and urged them not to be tempted into a tit-for-tat amid hate speeches across the country.
In his opening remarks at the meeting with the leaders of thought held at the old Banquet Hall, Presidential Villa, Abuja, Osinbajo urged them to always speak out against hate speeches and comments capable of polarizing the country along ethnic, sectional and religious lines.
He stated that the meeting was “very urgent and crucial'' because of the current loud voices of hate speeches and divisive comments resonating across the country, stressing that the situation required urgent attention from all concerned.
According to him, this is not the time to hide under any ethnic or religious platform to support comments that divide rather than unite us as a nation.
He, therefore, urged leaders to raise their voices against the present strident divisive speeches in the country, saying that “violence pays no one.
“Violence and war are not going to do anyone any good. Wars today hardly ends. No one who has seen the face of wars evens on Television who wish it for anyone.
“We should not tolerate hate speeches or divisive comments.''
The acting president reiterated the Federal Government's resolve to deal with any troublemaker who threaten the peaceful coexistence of Nigeria.
He said:“Their is no doubt on the resolve of government to allow anyone get away with hate speeches and divisive words.
“Our emotion should not be allowed to run wide so as to threaten the existence of anyone anywhere in Nigeria.
“We will do everything within our power to protect the lives of every citizen anywhere and in any part of the country.''
He thanked the leaders for their prompt response to the consultative meeting.
Those who attended the meeting included the Senate President Bukola Saraki, Speaker of the House of Representatives Yakubu Dogara, Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu, Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi, Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia, Gov. Willy Obiano of Anambra and Gov. Rochas Okorocha of Imo.
Others included Chief of staff to the president Abba Kyari, Deputy Senate President Ike Ekweremadu, NSA, chief of defence staff, service chiefs, Inspector-General of Police, Ibrahim Idris and ministers.
Former Senate President Ken Namani, Senator Eyinaya Abaribe, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife, Catholic Awka Bishop Okoye, Igwebike Onah Catholic archbishop of Nssuka, Senator Joy Emordi, Prof. Viola Nwuleri also attended the meeting.
It would be recalled that the Acting President on Tuesday began consultations with leaders of thought from the North and warned that the government would deal decisively with persons who make hate speeches or attempt to disrupt the peace of the country.
The meeting was sequel to the calls for secession by youth from different ethnic groups in the country resulting in some asking others to vacate their enclave before Oct. 1.
The Acting President noted that that was not what the country desired at this time and urged those involved to desist or face the full weight of law.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Leading conservative Republicans from the House and Senate say Congress is moving too slowly on efforts to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Care Act. But their potential resistance to compromise — even with other members of their own party — underscores just how hard a task Republicans have set for themselves.
"We think it's time to do something, and that's to get rid of this law," Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, told reporters at an event sponsored by the conservative Heritage Foundation. "The biggest problem with waiting is that's not what we told the voters."
Pedro Rojas holds a sign directing people to an insurance company where they can sign up for the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, before the February 15th deadline on February 5, 2015 in Miami, Florida. Joe Raedle / Getty Images, file
Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, one of the leading conservative voices in that chamber, said he will vigorously oppose efforts for Republicans to wait until they have a plan ready to replace the law before they repeal it. "There is a lot less agreement about what comes next," he said. "If we load down the repeal bill with what comes next, it's harder to get both of them passed."
After getting off to a quick start, GOP efforts to dismantle the health law appear to have slowed considerably. House and Senate committees have already missed a deadline of Jan. 27 to write and pass their proposed repeal and replace provisions, although Senate leaders acknowledged early this year that marker would likely not be met. At a party retreat last month, Republicans still seemed uncertain exactly how and when they would proceed.
Related: 9.2 Million Signed on to Obamacare for 2017
And in an interview that aired just before the Super Bowl, President Donald Trump for the first time acknowledged that the effort to remake the health law could last into next year.
Conservatives, however, are pushing back.
Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., who heads the hard-right House Freedom Caucus, said he recognizes that people are "anxious" about changing the health law. "The quicker we can give them answers, the better off we are," he said.
“ We think it's time to do something, and that's to get rid of this law.”
"Health care gets better and costs less once you repeal Obamacare," said Jordan.
All three said they are sensitive to the needs of health insurers, who are threatening to stop offering coverage in the individual market after this year unless they get a better idea of what rules they will have to follow.
"Every month that goes by we create a heavier burden for insurance companies to figure out," said Meadows.
Related: Constituents Give Reps an Earful About Obamacare
They insisted that adds imperative to the repeal push.
At a minimum, said Lee, Congress should immediately pass the bill it passed in 2015 that was vetoed by President Barack Obama. That partial repeal would have eliminated the expansion of the Medicaid program for the poor, as well as all the insurance subsidies that help people afford coverage and the taxes that pay for the program.
"If we can get something more aggressive, then great," he said. "But we cannot make progress until we first repeal Obamacare."
Insurers and others, including the Congressional Budget Office, have said that repealing parts of the law without a replacement could plunge the individual insurance market into chaos and increase the number of people without any insurance by 32 million over 10 years.
Related: Trump Supporters Will be the hardest Hit By a Repeal
But the conservatives rejected that characterization. "The chaos the American people are facing right now is related to a set of circumstances put in place by Obamacare," said Lee. "I wish there were a non-chaotic path" to fix it.
"Kaiser Health News, a nonprofit health newsroom whose stories appear in news outlets nationwide, is an editorially independent part of the Kaiser Family Foundation."
This story was contributed by Kaiser Health News, a national health policy news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
Microsoft Fine-Tunes Windows 10 and Debuts Beta Eye Control As the date for the next big Windows 10 update approaches, Microsoft today released its latest developer preview, which includes a beta version of a new eye control system. Borne out of a Microsoft hackathon challenge inspired by former NFL player Steve Gleason, who suffers from ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis), Eye Control enables disabled users with compatible eye tracker devices to operate Windows 10 PCs through gaze alone. The Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, expected to arrive next month, will bring several improvements to the Microsoft Edge browser and will also update the default colors in the Windows Console for the first time in more than 20 years. The color changes are aimed at making text easier to see and read on today's high-contrast screens. 'Liberating' Technology Available in beta through the Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 16257 released today, Eye Control lets users with limited mobility type, control a mouse and convert text to speech with compatible eye tracker accessories. The first such device to support those capabilities is the Tobii Eye Tracker 4C, announced yesterday by Tobii, a Sweden-based company that specializes in assistive technology. "This collaboration clearly shows the value of eye gaze input and is a big step forward on the long-term journey to drive high-volume adoption of eye tracking," Tobii CEO Henrik Eskilsson said yesterday in a statement. Microsoft began working with partners in the ALS and motor neuron disease (MND) community during its first hackathon three years ago, following a challenge by Gleason. Gleason had sent an email to Microsoft asking the company to develop a technology that would make it easier for him and others like him to control a wheelchair and communicate. That challenge led to the concept of an Eye Gaze Wheelchair, which won the 2014 hackathon grand prize. Since then, Microsoft has continued to further refine its eye-tracking technology for use with PCs. "Having Eye Control in Windows 10 continues to bridge the gap between widely used technology and people with disabilities," Gleason said in a post published yesterday on the Microsoft Accessibility Blog. "It's simply liberating." More Modern Console Colors Another change coming with the Fall Creators Update is an overhaul of the default colors that appear in the Windows Console. The new palette aims to make it easier to read text, especially in darker colors, and to "give the Console a more modern look & feel," project manager Craig Loewen wrote yesterday on the Microsoft Developer Blog. "During the past 20 years, screens & display technology, contrast ratio, and resolution have changed significantly, from CRT's through TFT LCDs to modern-day nano-scale 4K displays," Loewen said. "The legacy default scheme was not built for modern displays and does not render as well on newer high-contrast LCD displays. This is particularly apparent with deeply saturated darker colors like blue." For now, the new colors will not appear in the Windows Console default option. Microsoft plans to release a tool soon that will let developers try out the new color scheme, he said. Other changes arriving with today's Insider preview include a refreshed browser frame look for Microsoft Edge, several fixes to the anti-virus Windows Defender Application Guard, and the elimination of a number of other bugs in previous builds. In addition, Developer Insiders who are in the Office Insider program will see new support for using 3D images in Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Image credit: Product shots by Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Windows, Windows 10, Update, Preview Build, Developers, Enterprise IT, Operating System, Microsoft Edge, Cybersecurity, Top Tech News Comment:
Name:
Jack Lumber: Posted: 2017-08-08 @ 1:06pm PT Well it's no longer competition between Microsoft and Apple. It's WAR !!! Now that Jobs is dead, the leaders and dev folks at Apple are no longer real software developers and no longer offer actual software that serves its users and Apple community.
As Microsoft rolls out its Xmarin and .Net Core -- allowing developers to create software that will run on iOS -- and Apple and its lame software cannot compete unless they are keeping its iOS private and not public -- Apple is losing its market to better software from Microsoft.
I downloaded the new version of iTunes on my Windows 10 development computer. iTunes 3.3 unlike 3.2 has a purposeful virus. Destroy with Windows 10 OS on all Windows users.
If the virus detects any Xmarin or MS .Net CORE development installation, then iTunes destroys the Windows 10 OS. After the restart for iTunes you computer will not reboot. You get a WHITE SCREEN and it never reboots. By this time your Windows 10 OS is toast, it forces you to go back to the previous Windows 10 and therefore all the Visual Studio Community special upgrades are lost. VS will not run on the previous Windows version and your current Windows version will never reboot again !!!!!!
It's about 3 days work to recover the current Win 10 OS and re-download all the .NET CORE and Xmarin and TFS and VS so the reinstalled Win OS has all the community 2017 features installed and running in the OS.
Apple is going down and they are getting ugly as they fail. Be aware. I have never had this issue with iTunes before. But I will never allow iTunes, or now ANY Apple company products on my dev PCs, laptops or servers. Especially my own personal computer.
iTunes is Apple's most used software and that is why they put the "Microsoft Killer" code in iTunes now. Be Aware. Apple is going down like a Boxer in the ring that is losing and chose to hit below the belt.
It is no longer civilized competition -- it is corporate WAR. Be Aware !!!!!! David Stump: Posted: 2017-08-06 @ 12:54am PT Please give us the old blue colour back on the Windows
Console default option, the white on grey is hard to read partiality for those of us who are colour-blind.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. – Last month, Justin Thomas stood behind the 18th green at Royal Birkdale, waiting to congratulate one of his pals on another major victory.
Wearing basketball shorts and a sweatshirt, Thomas, who had missed the cut two days earlier, politely answered questions about Jordan Spieth's wild back nine, his remarkable ability to rebound from calamity, and what type of debauchery would ensue on their plane ride home.
This spot was nothing new for Thomas, of course. Once the mainstream sports media learned that Spieth and Thomas had competed against each other since they were 14, they became a package deal. But now Spieth had won again, resuming a historic major pace, and Thomas couldn't help but feel as though he was losing ground.
“He's not mad because Jordan wins,” said Mike Thomas, Justin's father and swing coach. “He's happy for Jordan. But he's like, I've beaten Jordan before, and Jordan is winning [majors], so why can't I do this, too?”
Sometimes, that's all the motivation a player needs. A month after The Open, Thomas won his own major, surviving Quail Hollow's notoriously difficult closing stretch to capture the PGA Championship.
This time, it was Spieth who waited behind the green to welcome his buddy into the major club.
“So awesome, dude,” he said.
The youth movement on the PGA Tour is here to stay, and these fun, rich, congenial, ambitious, social-media savvy and fiercely competitive 20-somethings seem to be propelling each other to new heights.
Gone is the edginess, the animosity, the simmering tension of other eras.
Jack and Arnie.
Faldo and Norman.
Tiger and Phil.
Today's young stars forged these friendships a decade ago, when they were battling on the AJGA circuit. But now, instead of needling each other during practice rounds or heated games of Ping-Pong, they're vying for a piece of history and the biggest titles in golf, all while raking in millions, flying in private jets and socializing with other famous athletes.
PGA Championship: Scores | Live blog: Day 4 | Full coverage
The meteoric spike in prize and endorsement money may have dulled the motivation for the Tour's middle class, but the elite, overflowing with swagger and ego, remain locked in an arms race, and no one wants to get left behind or forfeit bragging rights.
Do television viewers prefer bitter rivals over best buds? We'll find out definitively over the next few years. But there's little doubt this chummy dynamic has raised the quality of play, if not the intensity.
“It's cool because you can learn so much from watching your friends play well and get the job done,” Rickie Fowler said. “It's fun to see because it also motivates you to go out and push yourself to another level.
“It's fun to see them play well and win, but at the same time it's even more satisfying when you get to go out and beat all your buddies.”
On Sunday, it was Fowler who once again had a front-row seat. Make no mistake, he was thrilled for one of his closest friends, documenting Thomas' speech, signing duties and plane ride home with the Wanamaker Trophy for his millions of Snapchat followers. But to hear Fowler on the 18th green, the moment clearly was bittersweet.
“It's a good kind of rivalry between all the young guys,” he said. “We're all good friends. We all travel together. We all play practice rounds together. JT and I live right down the street from each other. It's only going to push me even harder to want to get back and go beat him up the next time we tee it up.”
Members of the popular spring-break crew aren't the only beneficiaries of the new fratty vibe on Tour.
After winning the U.S. Open, Brooks Koepka credited his friendship with world No. 1 Dustin Johnson. After all, they work out together. Practice together. Play together. Wherever they are – in the gym, on the range, on the course – the bash brothers are competing. Partly through osmosis, then, Koepka became a major champion.
“Whenever you're really good friends with somebody, that's what happens, isn't it?” said Koepka's caddie, Ricky Elliott. “If you can do it, I can do it.”
And that's what makes this new breed so appealing. Sure, there's respect and admiration among the young stars, but there also is a serious case of trophy envy.
“That kind of shows where the game is right now, where all of us are,” Thomas said. “Obviously we all want to win. We want to beat the other person. But if we can't win, then we at least want to enjoy it with our friends.
“I know it's going to make them even more hungry, just like it did for me, seeing Jordan at the British.”
And just like it likely will for Fowler, who, during a five-minute interview Sunday, alternated between praising his pal and lamenting his own mistakes that cost him the title.
Unprompted, he said: “My time is coming. It's not long.”
His friends will be waiting.
The 2017 Tertiary Football League enters match day-2
The 2017 Tertiary Football League enters match day-2 with some enthralling fixtures in both the Southern and Northern zones on Saturday.
The opening games produced an astonishing 10 goals at the University of Ghana main stadium and the Paa Joe stadium in Kumasi respectively.
The University of Ghana rallied from behind to draw 2-2 against city rivals Accra Technical while Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology thumped Garden City University College 4-2 in their opening match in the Northern zone.
There are four games to look forward to this weekend with Marshalls University College expected to battle Ghana Technology University in Saturday's opening game in Accra.
Koforidua-based All Nations University College will clash with Ghana Institute of Management and Public Administration in the second game at the University of Ghana main stadium.
In Kumasi, Christian Services University College will slug it out with Kumasi Technical University while University of Education-Kumasi will battle it out with Baptist University College in what promises to be a fierce contest.
The Tertiary Football League is organized by Rite Sports Limited and sponsored by BetWay, GN Life Insurance and Decathlon.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
