Students design apps to replace Edline Helper
Close A student uses a myMCPS Helper app. Multiple students created the myMCPS extension apps to replace the popular Edline Helper. Photo by Annabelle Gordon.
A student uses a myMCPS Helper app. Multiple students created the myMCPS extension apps to replace the popular Edline Helper. Photo by Annabelle Gordon.
Filed under News, School, Showcase
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Several student developers have created myMCPS Classroom extension apps to allow students to calculate their grades, replacing the formerly popular Edline Helper app.
Junior Andrei Freund released his myMCPS helper app, “The Helper for myMCPS,” Sept. 25. Freund's app addresses complaints from students about switching from Edline to myMCPS.
“I was pretty annoyed when I found out we were switching from Edline to myMCPS because my first thought was, ‘oh no, I can't figure out my grades anymore,'” junior Ethan Gilman said.
Freund said he quickly noticed the stresses students expressed about switching platforms and wanted to make the transition easier.
“I realized the school app wasn't going to be like Edline Helper and I knew [my app] would be useful for me and everyone else who used Edline Helper,” Freund said.
Freund began working on the app in August but wasn't able to release it until September due to myMCPS Classroom complications in schools. He worked quickly to release the first app that synced with the myMCPS Portal to let students input prospective grades , but it's had its problems, he said.
“It's better than nothing even though it's a lot slower than Edline Helper was and it's harder to put in your test scores,” junior Riley Kuehn said.
Freund has made multiple updates since the app's release and said he plans to continue updating it throughout the year as issues surface.
Wootton graduate Solomon Sapiro created the app “myMCPS+” when his sister, a junior at Wootton, gave him the idea for an Edline Helper replacement. The app currently has over 900 reviews on the Apple App Store and a 4.4-star rating.
“Tons of people are using it and I've heard people say really great things about it,” Sapiro said. “My sister's friends are all saying they love it, so everyone seems to be benefitting from it.”
MyMCPS+ is currently only available for iPhones, but Sapiro is working with Whitman graduate Joseph Tseytlin (‘17) to create an Android version. The two study Computer Science at the University of Maryland and are planning to work heavily on the project over winter break. There is no set release date, but they are hoping to finish it during or soon after break, Sapiro said.
“A lot of kids have Androids, but a lot of people learn how to program apps on iPhones first because iOS makes it really easy for you, so there is definitely a need for an Android app,” Tseytlin said.
Some teachers said they dislike the effect Edline Helper and other grade calculating programs have on student motivation.
“It makes students obsessed with the grade category and not with their comprehension of the material,” Spanish teacher Kathleen Bartels said. “I would much prefer that they focus on doing the best they can and not focus on the grade breakdown. However, I recognize that once a system is in place, students are going to do what they need to do to get what they need to get.”
There are a few similar grade calculating apps on the App Store in addition to The Helper for myMCPS and myMCPS+. Students are relieved that there are now multiple options for easily calculating grades
“I missed Edline Helper a lot because it just made my life a lot easier,” Gilman said. “It was really helpful for time and stress management, so it's a good thing people have made their own apps to fill the gap.”
Download Freund's app, The Helper for myMCPS, here.
Download Sapiro's app, myMCPS+, here.
East Rutherford, NJ- Buffalo Bills owner Terry Pegula removed a lot of drama surrounding last Sunday's Bills-Jets mercifully season-concluding game when he fired head coach Rex Ryan earlier in the week.
The dismissal meant that Rex Ryan would not be able to try to beat the Jets which of course was the team that he coached for six seasons. Ryan was fired by Jets owner Woody Johnson two years ago after he failed to get the Jets to the playoff for four straight years.
The Bills' decision to can Rex before the last game of the season was a gift to Jets head coach Todd Bowles who himself has been on the hot seat because of his team's awful season. For starters, the Bills who were eliminated from playoff contention last week after a heartbreaking loss to the Miami Dolphins, came into MetLife just to play out the string.
Knowing that they would have a new head coach next year, the Bills players had little reason to show up on Sunday and they proved that by getting pulverized 30-10 by the Jets, a team which got by such NFL dregs as the Browns and the 49ers by a margin of three points in each game and had to furiously come from behind in both games to boot.
Jets wide receiver Quincy Enunwa, who was one of Gang Green's few bright spots this season, agreed with my assessment that when most NFL players talk about “playing for pride” in meaningless contests what they are really saying is “give me my paycheck and I will do whatever I can to avoid injury” when I spoke with him at his locker following the Bills game.
Beating the Bills was probably just icing on the cake for Bowles. New York Daily News NFL columnist and Fresh Meadows native Gary Myers reported last Thursday that Woody Johnson had already made the decision to bring him back.
My guess is that Woody wanted to show everyone that he did indeed make the right decision to ax Rex Ryan in January 2015 and replace him with Todd Bowles shortly afterwards.
In what has been a losing season in every way imaginable, seeing Rex get fired by another team and then keeping his successor for another season made Woody feel like a winner.
Ellen Degeneres has given $1 million to fans in the audience for a taping of her talk show, as they all contributed to her One Million Acts of Good campaign. When every person in the 400 capacity studio lifted up a box, she revealed they would be getting an equal share of $1 million. All season long, I've partnered with Cheerios to encourage people to do One Million Acts of Good, and if you're here in my audience, you helped us reach that goal," femalefirst.co.uk quoted DeGeneres as saying.
Celebrity television host Ellen Degeneres has given $1 million to fans in the audience for a taping of her talk show, as they all contributed to her One Million Acts of Good campaign. “I wanna take a moment to say, everybody in the audience is here for a special reason. All season long, I've partnered with Cheerios to encourage people to do One Million Acts of Good, and if you're here in my audience, you helped us reach that goal,” femalefirst.co.uk quoted DeGeneres as saying. She then told the audience to check under their seats to see if they had a box of the breakfast snack, as every lucky chair would be winning a prize. When every person in the 400 capacity studio lifted up a box, she revealed they would be getting an equal share of $1 million.
“Thanks to every single person in this audience, it is filled with goodness and we have reached one million acts of good because of all of you. So, I wanna do something that we've never done before. This is big, okay? “If you have a box of Cheerios under your seat, I'm going to give you a special surprise gift. So check and see if you have a box of Cheerios under your seat. What a coincidence that all of you would get a box of Cheerios. “You're all going to share this gift. It's the biggest gift I've ever given anybody, ever. And I hope you continue to pay it forward and share all the good. Hold onto your Cheerios because all of you are splitting one million dollars! That's a lot of money!”
Among the people in the audience were a teacher who donated a kidney to a student's mother, a couple who drove 800 miles to deliver supplies during Hurricane Harvey, and a man who quit his job to start a sanctuary for farm animals.
Getty Image
There is no situation in the NBA more fluid than the one involving Kawhi Leonard and the San Antonio Spurs. Each day, a new report surfaces indicating the state of trade talks between San Antonio and other teams. Sometimes, the reports that come out involve the Spurs' current feelings about where their relationship stands with Leonard.
Basically, no one seems like they really know anything at this point, largely because many people expected the Los Angeles Lakers to have acquired Leonard to pair with LeBron James by now. As it turns out, there could be a reason behind that: The Lakers reportedly haven't tried all that hard yet.
On the latest edition of The Woj Podcast, ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski explained that Los Angeles hasn't shown too terribly much urgency in trying to make a deal with the Spurs.
Crypto Winter or Spring Revival? Take CoinDesk's State of Blockchain Survey
A return to normal, rules on the rise, and did you pay the tax, man? Let us know in our latest industry survey.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Welcome to “The Month in Live Jazz,” a column highlighting three standout performances from the past month on stages across New York City.
SULLIVAN FORTNER TRIO WITH MELISSA ALDANA Jazz Standard, May 25
Sullivan Fortner, a pianist born in New Orleans, has an extravagant amount of talent and a hyperactive flow on the keyboard. He mixes chords and crossing patterns and two-handed unison lines, all at a rapid clip. Sometimes he'll play with both hands right around the center of the instrument, but you'll swear that he's using every key. At other times, he really is.
Mr. Fortner is about to release a fine album, “Moments Preserved” and he celebrated the occasion with a four-night run at Jazz Standard, performing with a trio that included the drummer Marcus Gilmore, an experimentalist with an ear for micro-attunements and stippled phrasing. On Friday, Melissa Aldana, one of the more exciting young tenor saxophonists today, joined as a special guest. She mixes the influence of certain clean-toned tenors of the 1990s — Mark Turner and Chris Potter, especially — with that of classic figures like Joe Henderson and, further back, Don Byas.
On “Aria,” the first tune of the night featuring Ms. Aldana, Mr. Gilmore and Mr. Sullivan seemed almost isolated in their own worlds, sending flares and building private 3-D designs. There wasn't a clear place for her saxophone to go, and at first, it seemed as if this partnership might be doomed.
Reality hit Scott Frost upon his return to Nebraska as head coach. The Cornhuskers, physically, looked every bit like the 4-8 team it was in 2017.
His conclusion after his first spring: “We're taking the first baby steps here, and nothing that we're doing right now is where I want it to be and where the coaching staff wants it to be.”
Frost, the Cornhuskers' national championship quarterback in 1997, returned to his alma mater after orchestrating one of the great turnarounds in recent college football history at Central Florida.
When he showed up in Lincoln in December, he didn't recognize the place. A program that had been physically dominant during its 1990s heyday under Tom Osborne had become soft.
Frost's priority has been to toughen up the team. Practices moved at a fast pace, there was more live tackling, and players were told if they were going to make a mistake, they should make it at full speed.
Mike Riley's pro-style offence has been replaced by the no-huddle spread-option that put up huge numbers at UCF last year. The 3-4 defence will stay, but an attitude adjustment and some tweaks by new co-ordinator Erik Chinander should make the unit better than the one that ranked among the worst in the nation.
“We have to be patient as coaches to teach lessons as problems arise, continue to develop, get guys in better shape, get guys stronger and get guys more familiar,” said Frost, the only new coach in the Big Ten. “Sometimes you get impatient as a coach and think that it's going to happen overnight — and it's not.”
Things to know coming out of spring across the Big Ten:
——
OHIO STATE QB RACE
The defending conference champion Buckeyes are looking for a successor to J.T. Barrett. The candidates are redshirted sophomore Dwayne Haskins Jr., senior Joe Burrow and redshirt freshman Tate Martell. Haskins replaced an injured Barrett to key the win over Michigan last season. Burrow was Barrett's backup in 2016 but broke his hand in preseason and was displaced by Haskins. Martell was a five-star recruit coming out of high school. Coach Urban Meyer has said he'll try to give each QB a post-spring assessment. Burrow is on track to graduate this spring and could play immediately at another school, with two years of eligibility, if he chooses to leave.
OTHER QB QUESTIONS
Michigan is awaiting the NCAA ruling on transfer Shea Patterson. He left Mississippi in the wake of an NCAA investigation that landed the Rebels on probation and has appealed for immediate eligibility. If he can't play this fall, coach Jim Harbaugh will choose among Brandon Peters, who played in six games last year, Dylan McCaffrey and Joe Milton. … The biggest question at Northwestern is how much time Clayton Thorson will miss. He tore his anterior cruciate ligament in the Music City Bowl. He did some throwing this spring, but TJ Green, Aidan Smith and Andrew Marty took the practice snaps. …
Redshirt freshman Tanner Morgan has the inside track at Minnesota after throwing for 272 yards and two touchdowns in a spring game that had QBs taking hits. … Rutgers brings back seven-game starter Gio Rescigno, but freshman Artur Sitkowski threw for 280 yards in the spring game and could challenge. … Tyrrell Pigrome and Kasim Hill are both coming off torn ACLs. One of them is expected to be the starter in first-year co-ordinator Matt Canada's pro-style offence. … Purdue's David Blough (dislocated ankle) and Elijah Sindelar (ACL tear) continue to rehab, leaving redshirt freshman Nick Sipe and true freshman Jack Plummer to take most of the practice snaps.
FINALLY, MILES' TURN
Penn State's Miles Sanders was rated the No. 1 running back in the country coming out of high school. Until now, the junior has been overshadowed by Saquon Barkley. Limited to 56 carries for 375 yards through two seasons, Sanders takes over as featured back.
“I can't imagine that there is a better player for Miles to come up under than Saquon Barkley,” coach James Franklin said. “Maybe he could have gone to some other schools and played as a true freshman, but I don't know if his development had been to the point where it is now.”
SPARTAN ‘D' RATES AN ‘A'
Michigan State, which was second nationally in rushing defence and seventh in total defence, appears set to have another strong unit. The Spartans brought back 19 of 22 starters. Coach Mark Dantonio praised the spring performances of defensive linemen Mike Panasiuk, Raequan Williams and Kenny Willekes. Dantonio called Willekes, who had a team-leading seven sacks, a “force.”
“Hopefully they are going to get pressure and that's going to be a staple for our football team,” he said.
POSITION CHANGE FOR DEITER?
West Division champion Wisconsin, as usual, has an embarrassment of riches on the offensive line. That could allow Michael Deiter, who missed the spring with a leg injury, to go back to his preferred guard spot after playing left tackle in 2017. Deiter projects as an interior lineman in the NFL. Patrick Kasl or Cole Van Lanen would be in line to take over at left tackle.
——
AP Sports Writers Dave Campbell, Tom Canavan, David Ginsburg, Larry Lage, Mike Marot, Andrew Seligman and Mitch Stacy contributed.
——
More AP college football at http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 .
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
(Jeremy Weis Photography via AP). This undated photo provided by Jeremy Weis Photography, shows Russell Bucklew, who is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday, March 20, 2018, for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend in 1996 in eastern Missouri. ...
By JIM SALTER
Associated Press
ST. LOUIS (AP) - A Missouri death row inmate whose life was spared by a last-minute stay of execution four years ago is asking the U.S. Supreme Court for another reprieve, claiming the process of killing him could cause blood-filled tumors to burst inside his head.
Russell Bucklew is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday evening for killing a former girlfriend's new boyfriend during a violent rampage in 1996. He would be the first Missouri prisoner put to death since January 2017.
Bucklew, 49, was within an hour of execution in May 2014 when the U.S. Supreme Court halted it over concerns about Bucklew's rare medical condition, cavernous hemangioma. The ailment causes weakened and malformed blood vessels, tumors in his head and throat and on his lip, and vein problems.
His attorney, Cheryl Pilate, is again asking the Supreme Court to intervene, claiming Bucklew's condition has only gotten worse.
The tumor on Bucklew's lip has grown substantially since 2014 and is now the size of a grape, Pilate said. She believes the internal tumors have grown, too, and will likely rupture and bleed during the execution, potentially causing Bucklew "to choke and cough on his own blood during the lethal injection process."
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley disagrees, writing in his filing to the Supreme Court that the growth in Bucklew's mouth shrunk 10 percent between 2010 and 2016.
The condition also compromises his veins, and Pilate said the fatal injection couldn't be administered in the typical way through an arm vein. Hawley wrote that the lethal dose of pentobarbital could be administered through a leg or other vein instead of the arm.
Pilate also has asked for clemency from Republican Gov. Eric Greitens. A spokesman for the governor declined comment.
Bucklew's appeals have suggested that if the execution is carried out, the state should use lethal gas instead of an injection of pentobarbital. Missouri law still provides for the option of lethal gas, but the state no longer has a gas chamber and has not used the method since 1965.
None of the 20 inmates executed since Missouri began using pentobarbital in 2013 have shown obvious signs of pain or suffering.
Bucklew became angry when his girlfriend, Stephanie Ray, ended their relationship in 1996. Hawley said in court filings that Bucklew slashed Ray's face with a knife, beat her and threatened to kill her. She took her children and left.
Over the next two weeks, Bucklew stalked Ray, even as he stole a car, firearms, two sets of handcuffs and duct tape. He eventually found out where she was staying and broke into the southeastern Missouri trailer home of Michael Sanders, Ray's new boyfriend, fatally shooting him. When Sanders' 6-year-old son came out of hiding, Bucklew shot at the boy and missed.
Bucklew pistol-whipped Ray, put her in handcuffs and dragged her to his car, where he raped her.
Police pursued Bucklew - a chase ending in a gunfight that wounded an officer. Once in jail, Bucklew managed to escape and went to the home of Ray's mother, where he attacked her with a hammer before he was finally captured.
Some civil rights organizations have joined in asking that Bucklew be allowed to live out his life in prison. In a letter last week to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, the American Civil Liberties Union wrote that executing Bucklew "would be egregious, torturous, and in violation of the U.S. and international law prohibiting torture, cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The decision-makers at ABC-TV and parent company Disney didn't take long to pull the plug on "Roseanne" after seeing the star's racist Twitter post Tuesday.
Roseanne Barr has a history of controversial comments, but one tweet -- a response to a post about Valerie Jarrett, a former adviser to President Barack Obama, was too much for the higher-ups. Barr's tweet read: "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj."
Afterward Barr apologized, saying it was a joke that was misunderstood and laid the blame on the effects of Ambien. Then she posted retweets from followers who blamed the liberal entertainment industry. One of the retweets included photos of Jarrett and Obama next to a photo of an ape.
What do you think? Was canceling the hit remake of "Roseanne" the right call, or an overreaction? Have a say in our informal poll, and feel free to elaborate in the comment section.
Molestation saga: I meant no harm,Shina Peters apologizes
TheNewsGuru
Sir Shina Peters has been slammed for molesting budding singer Toby Grey during her performance at a recent event. In the viral video while Toby Grey was performing, she moved towards the Afro Juju veteran kneeling down for him as a sign of respect.
and more »
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Closure of institutions in southern Kaduna punitive, vindictive – SKYSFOM
Southern Kaduna Youth and Students Forum, SKYSFOM, has noted with dismay that the closure of institutions in the area by the Kaduna State government‎ is punitive, vindictive and in bad omen. A statement signed by the President and Secretary of the forum, Comrade Galadima Jesse and Comrade Ezekiel A. David and issued to newsmen on […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Google isn't publicly elaborating on why it's pulling the plug, but GoDaddy said it dropped the registration after DS posted an article attacking the character of Heather Heyer, the anti-racism protester murdered when a white supremacist rammed demonstrators with his car. The piece wasn't shy about condoning the attack, and GoDaddy argued that the site could incite more attacks as a result. Google undoubtedly feels the same way -- it doesn't want to be associated with a site that's effectively encouraging murder.
It's unclear where the site will try to register next, although it's safe to say that any major domain registration service is going to balk at the idea from now on. However, the incident does highlight one of the pitfalls of automated domain transfers like Google's, which can switch a site over in a matter of minutes. They're convenient for the vast majority of users, but they can be problematic when egregious offenders transfer domains with little warning.
You'll find near-identical specs -- most notably Dual Pixel AF -- on the more affordable Rebel model, with the main differences being that the T7i sports a slightly different layout, lacks a control dial on the back and ditches the info window at the top. The EOS 77D and Rebel T7i will hit stores in April for $900 and $750 body-only, respectively. Canon says both of these are intended for people who want a camera like the 80D but don't want to spend over $1,000. Or, if you'd rather have a more compact shooter, the new EOS M6 mirrorless may be worth considering.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Mercy Aigbe's estranged husband, Larry Gentry sends their kids birthday message amid broken home
Lanre Gentry, husband of nollywood actress, Mercy Aigbe has sent in advance birthday messages to his two children, Olajuwon Michael and Boluwatife Debby whose birthdays come up on June 18, 2017 regardless of the messy marital crisis with his former wife. Mr. Lanre Gentry was involved in a messy domestic violence with his wife, which …
The post Mercy Aigbe's estranged husband, Larry Gentry sends their kids birthday message amid broken home appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
But while prosecutors routinely grapple with establishing intent, Congress does not, nor does it have all the investigative tools (like a search warrant) that are available to criminal law enforcement professionals. The two houses of Congress sitting in an impeachment inquiry do not constitute a tribunal well equipped to resolve these kinds of legal issues.
The House Judiciary Committee's approval of obstruction charges against Richard Nixon in 1974 does not show otherwise. The Congress then had evidence of specific illegal acts supporting a charge of obstruction, such as the use of “hush money” to silence witnesses. Nixon's intent or motive while performing otherwise undisputed constitutional responsibilities was not the issue.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It is very much an issue in the case of Donald Trump and possible obstruction in the Russia matter. Yet the establishment of motive is a legal determination that tests Congress's capacity for thorough, complex investigations of this kind. In the Bill Clinton impeachment process, the House and Senate showed little appetite for any serious investigation. The House conducted no witness depositions, and the Senate only three. The Republican leadership prosecuting the case relied on wholly in the House, and primarily in the Senate, on the findings of the independent counsel, Kenneth Starr. Congress may like the security of impeaching for clearly illegal conduct, which helps it fend off the accusation that it is playing politics, but it faces significant limits in these investigative endeavors.
Congress must struggle to function in these inquiries with the necessary secrecy, professional resources and time. It must do all this while containing internal partisan political conflicts and pressures. And it must act while mindful of the sensitivity of a legislative probe into an executive's motivations when performing otherwise constitutionally authorized acts.
Impeachment is not a substitute for the criminal justice system. In cases like this, it requires the support of that system — the results of professional investigation and judgment.
The attacks on Mr. Mueller, together with Mr. Trump's lawyers' embrace of an aggressive legal theory, put in question whether the Department of Justice will be permitted to complete its investigation. Should the president next take the step of firing Mr. Mueller, he would end professionally conducted fact-finding on this crucial question of motive. Congress is then left to respond by trying to complete the department's job or to proceed to impeachment and a showdown over which branch can claim primacy for its constitutional functions. It faces major challenges in accomplishing the first task, and the second course may lead to constitutional conflict in which, upon impeachment and conviction, the president refuses to vacate his office and the Supreme Court is called on to settle the dispute. Call it Bush v. Gore, the Sequel, another make-or-break case deciding who will be — or, in this instance, remain — president.
The preservation of presidential accountability to the rule of law requires the protection of the department's role. If the professional prosecutors conclude that they will not bring a charge of obstruction, Congress will have the benefit of the evidence accumulated in the investigation in making its own judgment about impeachment.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Or the special counsel may determine that indictment is justified and proceed to prosecute, which will also force the issue of whether the president can be indicted while in office. The president is highly likely to argue the case for his immunity, but he should have no confidence that he will succeed. Beginning with United States v. Nixon, through later decisions in the Clinton years against presidential claims of privilege or of immunity from civil suit, the courts have stood firmly behind the proposition that the president is not above the law.
Whether or not an investigation concludes with an indictment, Congress will gain the tested evidence that it needs to assess the basis for impeachment for obstruction. Congress and the department would each be able to do what they are cut out to do. Nothing prevents criminal investigations and impeachment processes from running concurrently, as they have in the past.
Mr. Trump and his lawyers should not prevail on a position that puts him beyond the reach of criminal investigation while seriously undermining Congress's capacity for evaluating the grounds for impeachment. These are the stakes in the battle over the future of the special counsel's investigation.
Israel's Ben-Gurion International Airport was jam packed with travelers last year, with traffic up 11% over 2015 – to 2.13 million passengers.
But it wasn't tourists coming to Israel, but Israelis flying abroad that was responsible for the growth, the Civil Aviation Authority said on Sunday.
“Seventy percent of all the traffic for the year at Ben-Gurion was Israeli travelers and only 30% was [foreign] tourists,” said Shmuel Zakai, the airport's director general, saying the proportion of foreign tourists was the lowest it's been for five years.
Tourist arrivals are only now showing signs of recovery after the blow they suffered during the 2014 Gaza war, when rocket attacks briefly closed the airport at the height of Israel's summer tourist season. Arrivals rose 2% this year, though they remain down from 2013 levels.
“It's a worrying figure for Israeli tourism, but it's good news for the positive change that came from Open Skies and lower airfares for Israeli consumers,” said Zakai., referring to the 2013 pact Israel signed with the European Union opening up the airline market to more competition.
Turkey and its airlines have emerged as a major force in Ben-Gurion, according to the authority. Turkey accounted for the biggest destination for fliers going through Israel's main international airport – 1.6 million travelers, although nearly all of them were using Istanbul to connect to third countries.
The United States was second with 1.45 million travelers, and Germany next with 1.2 million.
With 5.5 million passengers in 2016, El Al Airlines, Israel's flagship carrier, was by far the biggest carrier in and out of Ben-Gurion, but Turkish Airlines was next with 932,000. The low-cost carrier EasyJet flew 719,000 and Aeroflot 704,000, which flies to Moscow and other cities, followed by Israel's Arkia with 650,000 and Israir with 548,000.
MONCTON, N.B. — Alexander Khovanov scored the winner 11 seconds into overtime as the Moncton Wildcats held on for a wild 6-5 victory over the Charlottetown Islanders on Saturday night in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League action.
James Phelan led the Wildcats (23-21-8) with two goals and an assist as Moncton built a 4-0 lead in the first period. Jeremy McKenna, Jacob Hudson and Mika Cyr had the other goals.
Saku Vesterinen struck twice with Sam King, Taylor Egan, Nikita Alexandrov rounding out the attack as Charlottetown (28-18-4) scored five straight.
Cyr would finally answer in the second for Moncton to eventually force extra time.
Mark Grametbauer combined with Matthew Waite for 25 saves for Moncton. Matthew Welsh combined with Dakota Lund-Cornish for 25 saves for the Islanders.
The Wildcats went 1 for 4 on the power play and Charlottetown was 1 for 2.
—
SCREAMING EAGLES 5 PHOENIX 4 (OT)
SYDNEY, N.S. — Phelix Martineau scored the winner 2:29 into overtime as the Screaming Eagles edged Sherbrooke.
Declan Smith and Isiah Campbell had a goal and two assists apiece for Cape Breton (23-22-6). Adam McCormick and Mathias Laferriere also chipped in while Kyle Jessiman turned aside 26 shots.
Hugo Roy struck twice for the Phoenix (21-21-10) with Kevin Gilbert and Marek Zachar adding the others. Reilly Pickard made 28 saves.
—
SAGUENEENS 4 DRAKKAR 1
CHICOUTIMI, Que. — Samuel Houde had a pair of goals and Alexis Shank turned aside 29 shots to lift the Sagueneens over Baie-Comeau.
Gabriel Villeneuve and Zachary Lavigne also scored for Chicoutimi (21-24-4).
Nathan Legare replied for the Drakkar (22-25-4) and Justin Blanchette stopped 23 shots.
—
OCEANIC 3 REMPARTS 2
QUEBEC CITY — Samuel Dove-McFalls scored the winner in the second period and Carmine-Anthony Pagliarulo made 34 saves as Rimouski held off the Remparts.
Anthony Gagnon and Charle-Edouard D'Astous also had goals for the Oceanic (31-13-6).
Gregor MacLeod and Pascal Laberge found the back of the net for Quebec (27-20-5). Antoine Samuel turned aside 14 shots.
—
MOOSEHEADS 3 TITAN 1
HALIFAX — Filip Zadina had a pair of goals and Blade Mann-Dixon kicked out 25 shots to lift the Mooseheads past Acadie-Bathurst.
Maxime Fortier added an empty-netter for Halifax (33-12-6).
Jeffrey Truchon-Viel replied on the power play for the Titan (29-14-8) and Evan Fitzpatrick made 26 saves.
—
OLYMPIQUES 5 FOREURS 0
VAL-D'OR, Que. — Tristan Berube stopped all 26 shots he faced and Darien Kielb had a goal and two assists as Gatineau shut out the Foreurs.
Jeffrey Durocher, Shawn Boudrias, Charles-Antoine Roy and Gabriel Bilodeau rounded out the attack for the Olympiques (25-20-4).
Jonathan Lemieux kicked out 45 shots for Val-d'Or (18-28-4).
—
TIGRES 4 ARMADA 3 (SO)
BOISBRIAND, Que. — Ivan Kosorenkov scored twice and Vitalii Abramov had the shootout winner to lift Victoriaville over the Armada.
Felix Lauzon had the other goal for the Tigres (27-18-6) and Tristan Cote-Cazenave made 30 saves.
Samuel Bolduc, Antoine Crete-Belzile and Alexandre Alain found the back of the net for Blainville-Boisbriand (36-9-5). Emile Samson turned aside 24 shots.
—
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began because of a lengthy pattern of sexual misconduct is running for office again.
Don Shooter, a Republican expelled from the Arizona House in February, said he filed around 900 signatures Wednesday to seek the GOP nomination for a state Senate seat in the same southern Arizona district he used to serve.
He wouldn't comment on the circumstances surrounding his expulsion, which came as lawmakers of both parties faced a national reckoning over sexual misconduct that began last fall.
Politicians accused of impropriety have resigned, been stripped of leadership posts and faced other repercussions. A Democratic state representative in Colorado also was expelled this year.
Sitting in the lobby of the Arizona secretary of state's office waiting to file his signatures, Shooter said "Let's dance."
He said he wants to talk about policy issues, such as the water needs of the agricultural industry and public education. Arizona teachers launched an unprecedented statewide strike this year over a lack of education funding.
"That's the only thing I miss about being away from here, was the ability to solve problems," Shooter said.
Shooter was elected to the Senate in 2010 and moved to the House in 2017. The lawmaker was known as a politically incorrect jokester who threw booze-fueled parties in his office on the last day of legislative sessions.
A female lawmaker, Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita, accused him in November of propositioning her for sex and repeatedly commenting on her breasts. House Speaker J.D. Mesnard ordered an investigation after Shooter accused Ugenti-Rita of having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer, but she was cleared.
Other women soon came forward to accuse Shooter of inappropriate sexual comments or actions.
Shooter eventually apologized for what he called his "jarring, insensitive and demeaning" comments but argued that he never sought to touch anyone or have a sexual relationship with them.
An investigative report released prior to his expulsion found he engaged in "repeated pervasive conduct (that) created a hostile work environment for his colleagues and those with business before the Legislature."
Shooter filed a $1.3 million claim, a precursor to a lawsuit, in April alleging that the governor's office targeted him because he tried to expose widespread fraud in the state procurement system. It also accused Mesnard of changing House rules on harassment to remove Shooter from his committee chairmanship and ultimately to force the expulsion vote.
To get on the November ballot, Shooter will have to win the GOP primary. Incumbent state Sen. Sine Kerr, a dairy farmer who was appointed to fill the seat, has filed signatures along with Brent Backus, a conservative who owns a consulting business.
Democrat Michelle Harris, who served in the Air Force for 21 years, also is running for the seat.
___
Associated Press writer Bob Christie contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Q. I have a tiny pond in my backyard here on Long Island New York. It is 18 inches deep, holds about 60 gallons and is home to seven 4-inch comet goldfish. Around Thanksgiving I remove the biological filter and do a large water change of about 40 gallons. (The filter consists of a 10-inch hexagon block of foam with a small pump attached to a fountain.) The fish have overwintered for two years without a problem (I open a hole in the ice daily).
The last weekend in March I did another large water change and put the filter back into the pond. Because the weather was warm I began feeding the fish once a day. The pH at this time was 7.2 and there was no trace of ammonia, nitrite or nitrate. It is now mid-May, the fish have been fed daily for the last eight weeks and the water has a slight hint of brown to it (no chemical filtration).
Now for my question. After eight weeks of water temperatures averaging in the upper 40s to mid 50s (Fahrenheit), the pH is still 7.2 and there is still no trace of ammonia, nitrite or nitrate. I can understand a functioning nitrogen cycle will leave no ammonia or nitrite, but where is the nitrate? The test kit I use is new and gives me readings when testing my aquariums, so we can rule out a defective kit.
A. This does indeed seem like a mystery. You are right, nitrogen — either in the form of ammonia, nitrite or nitrate — has to be somewhere. Let's do a back-of-the envelope calculation to see what the numbers should look like.
Your pond has seven 4-inch comets. Let's assume that each of these fish weighs about 10 grams. Under normal feeding conditions during the prime summer months each fish will produce about 2.5 milligrams (mg) of ammonia per day (250 mg per kilogram of mass).
During the spring, however, when feeding rates are lower than normal, water temperatures are still fairly low and the fish are rebuilding body mass, I would expect them produce maybe half that amount per day. So, seven comets would produce about 10 mg of ammonia per day.
A 60-gallon pond holds about 225 liters of water. Now, after 45 days the fish would have produced a total of 450 mg of ammonia. Assume for the moment that all of that ammonia was converted directly to nitrate and remained in the pond water. That would yield a total concentration of nitrate around 2 mg or l part per million (ppm). (Keep in mind that given all the uncertainties, I am rounding these numbers.)
Most of the nitrate test kits available to hobbyists measure in increments of 10 or 20 ppm. So, unless you spent big bucks for a professional nitrate test kit I doubt you would get an observable reading even if the nitrate level was substantially higher.
We also need to factor in the brownish tinge to the water, which is caused by species of planktonic algae. Those plants are consuming the ammonia before it is converted to nitrate. Therefore, it is probably the case that the actual nitrate concentrations are below 2 mg/l (per liter).
Then, too, you don't say whether there are water plants in your pond. If there are, they are certainly taking up ammonia and nitrate from the water. And your foam filter may have some anaerobic areas in it where denitrification is taking place. This releases some nitrogen into the air. Similarly, gravel or soil on the pond floor will act as a substrate for denitrifying bacteria.
The bottom line is, the nitrate is there but invisible to your test kit. More to the point, unless you have nitrate levels over 200 mg/l — which in a pond I think is virtually impossible — you have nothing to worry about and should not bother testing. Hope this clears up the mystery.
Prison officials haven't yet outfitted correctional officers with body cameras in six Wisconsin prisons despite receiving an order to do so last year.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Nearly half of Puerto Rican citizens on the island do not have access to drinking water and a whopping 89.3 percent do not have power, according to Friday reports ― but, for a moment, you wouldn't have known that by looking at the Federal Emergency Management Agency website.
FEMA temporarily removed statistics about Puerto Ricans' access to drinking water and electricity from its main website, The Washington Post first reported on Thursday afternoon. FEMA Director of Public Affairs William Booher told the newspaper that the figures were still being reported on www.status.pr, a Spanish-language only site that is run by Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rosselló.
The language barrier would have likely been a limiting factor for non-Spanish speaking American citizens looking to stay up-to-date on figures during Puerto Rico's current crisis. It might have also made it harder for the English-dominated U.S. media to cover the critical situation.
Booher told CNN on Friday morning that the Status.pr website is being “updated daily with different information.”
“In fact, [the water and power statistics] cited have moved in a positive direction since that post, so no reason to ‘remove' it,” he added. “To characterize updating a webpage as ‘removing' information is and was misleading by the original story.”
In a statement to HuffPost on Friday afternoon, Booher said they had added the data back onto the FEMA website. Read the full statement below:
FEMA officials provide response and recovery updates in a variety of ways, to include through daily press conferences, news releases and social media posts. The Government of Puerto Rico provides information on the status of infrastructure on its publicly available website (http://www.status.pr) that we regularly use as a source of information for our reports. FEMA's Hurricane Maria website includes a range of information directly related to the federal response, and we often include some data from the Puerto Rico website. While some information was not included in yesterday's update to our website, at no point was the data not publicly available. Reports suggesting an effort to ‘remove' any data points are simply erroneous. To avoid any further confusion, this information will be posted on our Hurricane Maria website going forward, and will include a link to the Government of Puerto Rico website.
More than two weeks after Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico, the number of citizens without drinking water has gone from 55 percent on Sunday to 44.5 percent as of Friday. While the number of Puerto Ricans with power has increased from around 7 percent on Tuesday to 10.7 percent on Friday.
But these gains are marginal as the Trump administration and federal agencies struggle to offer adequate and efficient aid to the U.S. territory with more than 3.4 million people.
On Twitter, some expressed concern that removing these crucial statistics from FEMA's English-language website came off as an attempt to hide the slow recovery efforts on the island.
This looks really, really bad. Like Soviet Union bad. https://t.co/LfSoSl4Q1C — Bradley Peniston (@navybook) October 5, 2017
Dear @FEMA,
Tell us the truth about Puerto Rico. Put the data about power and water back on your website.
Sincerely,
America — Michael Skolnik (@MichaelSkolnik) October 6, 2017
The data's temporary removal from FEMA's main website comes after President Donald Trumpvisited the island on Tuesday. During his visit, Trump repeatedly applauded federal relief efforts on the island and suggested that the then-death toll of 16 meant Puerto Rico's situation was not “a real catastrophe like Katrina.”
“Sixteen people versus in the thousands,” Trump said on Tuesday. “You can be very proud of all of your people and all of our people working together. Sixteen versus literally thousands of people. You can be very proud. Everyone around this table, and everyone watches, can be very proud of what's taking place in Puerto Rico.”
Hours after Trump's press briefing on the island, Gov. Rosselló announced that the death toll had more than doubled. As of Friday morning, the death toll stood at 36.
This article has been updated with a response from FEMA.
NEWARK, N.J. — Mario Batali is giving up oversight of the daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York, part of Vox Media, reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three of whom worked for Batali. The women, who were not named in the Eater story, claim that Batali engaged in behaviour including groping one's chest and grabbing one from behind and holding her tightly against his body.
In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said that the complaints “match up” with his past behaviour.
“I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family,” Batali said.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behaviour by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
Batali will also take leave from his ABC cooking show, “The Chew.”
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the network said Monday. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behaviour involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
The allegations against Batali are just the latest in a series of incidents that include Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, resignations in the U.S. House and Senate and calls again for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced. Last week Time magazine named the “silence breakers,” those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in his career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
His career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and he skyrocketed to fame with the airing of “Molto Mario,” a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that his signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became instantly recognizable to most people.
The Food Network, which was planning to relaunch “Molto Mario,” said Monday that it was placing its plans on hold. “Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” the network said in a statement.
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities. The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants, including Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles. It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston.
Batali has long been socially active. The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. He has come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
———
Joseph Pisani in New York contributed to this report.
Woman attempts to burn down rented house, slaps landlord's son
A businesswoman, Joy Ikechukwu, who allegedly assaulted her landlord's son, was on Tuesday brought before an Ikeja Magistrates' Court, Lagos. The 40-year-old Ikechukwu, who resides at Alagbado area of Lagos, is facing a three-count charge of breach of peace, assault and damage of property. The woman committed the offences on March 9 at the tenement […]
The post Woman attempts to burn down rented house, slaps landlord's son appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Manhunt after Istanbul nightclub massacre kills 39
Turkish police were Monday conducting a massive manhunt for a gunman who killed 39 people, mostly foreigners, in a rampage at an upmarket nightclub in Istanbul where revellers were celebrating New Year.
After the latest in a string of deadly attacks to hit the country, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said the carnage sought to sow chaos, but vowed Turkey would never bow to the threat.
The shooting spree at the waterside Reina nightclub erupted when 2017 in Turkey was just 75 minutes old, as people were seeing out a year of unprecedented bloodshed that saw hundreds die in strikes blamed on jihadists and Kurdish militants and a failed coup.
The assailant shot dead a policeman and a civilian at the club entrance and then turned his gun on partygoers inside where up to 700 people were ringing in the New Year.
NTV broadcaster said the gunman fired between 120 and 180 rounds in the seven-minute attack, during which many revellers threw themselves into the freezing waters of the Bosphorus to escape death.
– ‘Our heart is bleeding' –
One witness spoke of the panic and carnage at the venue, considered one of Istanbul's swankiest.
“Just as we were settling down, by the door there was a lot of dust and smoke. Gunshots rang out,” professional footballer Sefa Boydas told AFP.
“People were walking on top of people.”
Italian tourist Maximilien said: “We came here to have a good time today but everything was suddenly transformed into chaos and a night of horror.”
Television pictures showed party-goers dressed to the nines — men in suits and women in cocktail dresses — emerging from the exclusive club in a state of shock.
Albert Farhat recounted to Lebanese TV station LBCI the moment the club came under attack.
“Around 1.15, we heard Kalashnikov fire. We thought it might be people who had drunk too much and were fighting but then people started throwing themselves to the ground,” said Farhat.
Candles and flowers piled up outside the club in tribute to the victims and its Facebook page has been changed to a black square of mourning.
“Our heart is bleeding,” wrote the club's owner Mehmet Kocarslan.
The attack evoked memories of the November 2015 carnage in Paris when Islamic State jihadists unleashed a gun and bombing rampage on nightspots in the French capital, killing 130 people including 90 at the Bataclan concert hall.
– ‘Details emerging' –
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the gunman was still at large after slipping away unnoticed after the attack, denying earlier reports a Santa Claus costume had been used as a disguise.
The assailant “left the gun and went away from the scene of the incident,” he told reporters in Istanbul. “It was an armed terrorist.”
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the gunman had arrived with a gun concealed under an overcoat but subsequently exited the venue wearing a different garment.
Police and intelligence services were beginning to piece together clues about the attack and the public would be informed soon, Yildirim said.
However, he did not pin the blame on any particular group and no one has yet claimed responsibility.
The Firat news agency, seen as close to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), quoted PKK leader Murat Karayilan as saying no Kurdish force was involved in the attack.
The state-run Anadolu news agency, citing justice ministry sources, said 38 of the victims had been identified — 27 foreigners and 11 Turks with one body still unidentified.
Another 65 people were being treated in hospital.
One survivor, Francois al-Asmar, from Lebanon, told of his lucky escape.
“I was saved by my passport which I was carrying right near my heart,” he told Lebanese television.
– ‘Sneaky' attack –
The Reina club is a magnet for wealthy foreigners and there were a number of Arabs among the dead and wounded, including Saudis, Jordanians, Iraqis and Tunisians.
France said a dual-national Tunisian-French woman had died along with her Tunisian husband, while India said it had lost two nationals.
A young Arab Israeli woman, 18-year-old Lian Nasser, was killed, according to Israel's foreign ministry.
Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed that a Canadian woman was killed, while Tass news agency reported that a Russian woman was also among the dead.
Istanbul governor Vasip Sahin said the attacker “targeted innocent people who had only come here to celebrate the New Year and have fun”.
The attack crystallised fears New Year celebrations could present a tempting target for extremists.
From Sydney to Paris, Rio to London, security had been boosted and at least 17,000 police officers were deployed in Istanbul, some dressed themselves as Santa Claus as cover, according to television reports.
World leaders rushed to condemn the attacks, with Russian President Vladimir Putin saying it was “hard to imagine a crime more cynical than the killing of civilians during a New Year's celebration”.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel denounced “an inhumane, sneaky attack on people who wanted to celebrate” while Pope Francis condemned the shooting in his New Year message.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Polisario Front independence movement in Western Sahara says Morocco must recognize the region as independent now that it has rejoined the African Union and accepted the organization's principles.
The front says Morocco could face sanctions or even requests to leave the AU if it doesn't accept Western Sahara independence.
Ahmed Boukhari, the front's U.N. representative, said Tuesday that the movement will be watching what Morocco does between now and the next AU summit in July.
Deputy Foreign Minister Nasser Bourita of Morocco told the website Le Desk on Feb. 5 that his country will "never recognize" Western Sahara's independence.
AU leaders admitted Morocco at a summit Jan. 31. Morocco left the AU's predecessor, the Organization of African Unity, in 1984 to protest Western Sahara's admission as a full member.
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Rams learned an important lesson about how close the margin for error might be in the playoffs with their 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday.
The Rams were left hoping that penalties to extend Eagles' scoring drives and late turnovers won't ultimately cost them a chance to use that education this season.
Self-inflicted mistakes proved decisive in a game that looked, felt and played out like a post-season contest. Former St. Louis Rams defensive end Chris Long stripped quarterback Jared Goff to set up Jake Elliott's go-ahead 33-yard field goal with 3:45 remaining. Brandon Graham returned a fumble 16 yards for a touchdown on the last play, when the Rams tried a series of desperation laterals.
“It's a little too early to be talking about the lessons, you know, to be taken from this,” centre John Sullivan said. “It just comes down to we have to make a few more plays. Thankfully it's still the regular season, but we got to win those games.”
Coach Sean McVay took the blame for the strip-sack, saying he should have been more cautious in calling a pass play immediately after right tackle Rob Havenstein exited with an ankle injury. Long overpowered backup Darrell Williams and knocked the ball out of Goff's hand, with another former Ram, safety Rodney McLeod, making the recovery.
“I don't regret ever being aggressive, but being more situationally aware and how I can put our team in a better spot I would say is probably the more appropriate term, and that's something I'll learn from,” McVay said.
The Rams' defence was just as culpable, with its issues much more glaring. Cornerback Trumaine Johnson was called for unsportsmanlike conduct in the third quarter for jawing with Eagles receiver Alshon Jeffrey after an incomplete pass on third down. Instead of settling for a field goal attempt, Carson Wentz threw a 2-yard touchdown pass to Jeffrey eight plays later.
McVay said Johnson had been previously warned by the officials to cut the chatter.
Defensive tackle Aaron Donald was also called for illegal leverage on a field goal, allowing the Eagles to run an additional 2:01 off the clock in the fourth quarter and reducing the chances for the Rams to stage a late comeback.
“Against a great team like that, there are things that you can't do, and we cannot afford to beat ourselves,” McVay said. “It's a great learning opportunity for us. There were a handful of things that took place in that game that we will learn from. We'll learn from our mistakes, including me. Starting with me. And this week provides a great chance for us to respond quickly.”
The Rams face the Seattle Seahawks next Sunday in a game that could decide which team wins the NFC West. Some downtrodden Rams players perked up in the locker room after hearing about the Seahawks' 30-24 loss at Jacksonville. But Sullivan immediately recognized it as a lost opportunity to take a two-game lead in the division and reduce the possibility of the head-to-head tiebreaker coming into play.
“It's a game we would have loved to have won, put a little more distance in the division,” Sullivan said. “But, at the same time, it was two really good teams going out there playing really hard and it went to the end of the game. We just didn't win this one. We'll go back to work. We're not going to panic, we're not going to do anything like that. We've been process-oriented this whole year, and we'll focus on what got us to this point, being in a competitive game at this point in the season. It's back to work and we're focused on going out and beating Seattle in their place.”
It is a challenge the Rams might have to accomplish with a depleted secondary. Cornerback Kayvon Webster ruptured his right Achilles tendon in the first quarter, while Johnson was placed in concussion protocol during the second half.
Still, the Rams believe they will be better off in the long run, having proven they can compete with the other top teams in the NFC.
“This loss was definitely a learning experience late in the game, learning how to be a situational master, being smart and avoiding penalties, things like that,” cornerback Nickell Robey-Coleman said. “It's going to make us better in the future.
—-
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
New York City's schools chancellor signaled on Wednesday that he wanted to usher in a new era of détente between the Department of Education and the city's charter school sector, which have often been at odds under the administration of Mayor Bill de Blasio over issues like finances and the pressures of sharing public school space.
“Charter Schools are public schools,” Richard Carranza, the chancellor, said in the cafeteria of the Bronx Charter School for Excellence, as he wrapped up a day of visits to three charter schools in Brooklyn and the Bronx, to which he had invited reporters along. Even that simple statement was likely to make waves among charter school opponents, who prefer to describe charters as privately run, publicly funded schools.
“The question about charters versus traditional public schools,” Mr. Carranza added, addressing reporters around a cafeteria table, “is a red herring.”
“I would say that the more dialogue we have around building a portfolio of good choices for all students in the city, and the less we emphasize a dialogue about ‘us versus them,' the better it is for all the children in New York City,” he said.
BERLIN — German authorities say they have deported 69 Afghans whose asylum requests were rejected back to their home country.
A plane carrying the men from Munich to Kabul landed in the Afghan capital early Wednesday. It was one of the largest collective deportation flights yet organized by Germany, which has vowed to step up the removal of people who don't have a right to remain in the country.
The state interior minister of Bavaria, where 51 of the men had been living, welcomed the deportation flight.
Joachim Herrmann noted that unlimited deportations to Afghanistan had recently been approved by Germany's federal authorities. In recent years deportations to Afghanistan were limited to people with criminal convictions.
Afe Babalola University Announces Resumption Of Academic Activities as Christmas Break Ends.
The students of the Afe Babalola University (ABUAD) are hereby informed that the management has announced the resumption of academic activities following the end of the Christmas break. According to the management, academic activities will resume on Tuesday, 3rd January, 2017. Mid semester's tests will be completed on Friday, 6th January, 2017. Students are to …
The post Afe Babalola University Announces Resumption Of Academic Activities as Christmas Break Ends. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Quit Notice On Igbos: Osinbajo's Peace Efforts Hailed
BY SAMUEL ABULUDE,
A pan-Nigeria youth group operating under the aegis I belong to One Nigeria Initiative has lauded the Acting President Yemi Osinbajo for negotiating with northern and south eastern leaders, aimed at calming the tension being generated by the October 1 forceful eviction order handed to the Igbo speaking people of Nigeria by some northern youth groups.
According to the Convener and Executive Coordinator of the group, Comrade James Ezema,” unless the current self-determination agitations, and the eviction order dimension to the already complicated threat to Nigeria's unity, are not handled with uttermost patriotism, the tale will be bitter for the country”.
He maintained that “the opening set of meetings with northern and south eastern leaders by Acting President Yemi Osinbjo is a step in the right direction.
We, in the Belong to One Nigeria Initiative, have been working with selected civil society groups and individuals that have interest in the preservation of our unity in an atmosphere of peaceful coexistence by all tribes and tongues.
However, the deafening threat to Nigeria's oneness requires higher level of patriotic ventures to avoid impending disintegration of the country.
Ezema said when Nigeria's dismemberment in 2015 was predicted, they took it seriously, saying strong forces across the country are working to cause disaffection among the people of Nigeria.
“Therefore, the parley with leaders across the country as part of efforts to sustain the peace in Nigeria is a welcome development.
“However, the government must move a step further by fully implementing the recommendations of 2014 National Conference, which has the master key to Nigeria's unity question, and ensure the country is restructured as recommended by the Confab for continued oneness of the country.
“Today, the country is more divided than ever, and we must not at this time jettison the increasing call for restructuring of the country. That is the only visible path to national integration and development.
“At this point in our national existence, we don't seem to have an option anymore, except to restructure the country”, the group noted.
The post Quit Notice On Igbos: Osinbajo's Peace Efforts Hailed appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND — LeBron James made certain another news-filled day ended with his own headline.
James scored 40 points as part of his third triple-double in four games and the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Milwaukee Bucks 124-117 on Monday night as coach Tyronn Lue began his leave of absence to address health issues.
Lue said Monday in a statement he has been dealing with chest pains and loss of sleep, and that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is. Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue's absence.
Lue's departure came several hours before Kevin Love returned after missing six weeks because of a broken left hand. The All-Star forward scored 18 points in 25 minutes.
Losing their coach while getting back a star player seems to fit the narrative of this turbulent season. The Cavaliers (41-29) are third in the Eastern Conference and have endured roster shake-ups, injuries and other distractions as they try to reach the NBA Finals for the fourth straight time.
“If it's not one thing, it's another,” James said.
James scored 17 points in the third quarter and finished with 12 rebounds and 10 assists for his 16th triple-double this season and 71st of his career.
The four-time MVP took over in the third beginning with back-to-back 3-pointers. After not getting a foul called on a third attempt, he finished Cleveland's next possession with a massive dunk. He was fouled attempting another dunk and made both free throws the following time down.
James expressed his displeasure, as did the crowd at Quicken Loans Arena, after the officials didn't call a foul when he attempted his third 3-pointer. He quickly took out his frustration on the next two possessions.
James is trying to use humour in dealing with the lack of calls.
“I got hit in the head three times today, got elbowed in the nose,” he said. “It is what it is at this point. I went to keep pushing and try not to get caught up in the battle with the calls that should be called.”
Milwaukee cut a 17-point lead to 117-109, but James drove the length of the floor for a dunk with just over a minute left.
Giannis Antetokounmpo had 37 points and went 11 for 11 at the foul line for Milwaukee, which fell to eighth in the Eastern Conference after Miami defeated Denver.
James' performance led to Antetokounmpo having an unusual postgame conversation.
“I was talking to myself taking a shower, asking what I did wrong because he was the first player to score 40 on me,” he said. “He's the best player in the world.”
Khris Middleton had 30 points, making 11 of 16 from the field.
Lue, 40, led Cleveland to the 2016 NBA championship after taking over for David Blatt midway through that season.
No timetable has been given for when Lue will return. He missed the second half Saturday, the second time this season he left a game because he wasn't feeling well. Lue also sat out a game against Chicago at home in December.
NICE RETURN
Love was pleased with the results in his first game since Jan. 30.
“I felt pretty good,” he said. “Initially, that first wind is always tough, but even after that I felt like my legs were underneath me and that I could've played a little bit more.”
GOING OUT ON A HIGH NOTE
The Cavaliers honoured former Browns tackle Joe Thomas, who attended the game after holding a retirement press conference Monday. James embraced Thomas, who received a standing ovation in an on-court tribute during a timeout.
James wanted to acknowledge Thomas, who is certain to be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton.
“He's a legend around here, that's for sure,” James said. “He'll be in the Hall very soon. The good thing for him is he won't have to travel very far. It's right down the street.”
TIP-INS
Bucks: Antetokounmpo picked up his second foul at the 5:58 mark of the first quarter and went to the bench. He scored 10 points in the second, including a one-handed dunk off an alley-oop pass from Eric Bledsoe. … C Tyler Zeller (sore ribs) missed his second straight game.
Cavaliers: G Kyle Korver scored 12 points after missing Saturday's game because of a family matter. He's also been dealing with a sore right foot. … Drew hopes F Tristan Thompson, who hasn't played since March 3 because of a sprained right ankle will return this week. … Larry Nance Jr. (sore right hamstring), Rodney Hood (strained lower back) and Cedi Osman (strained left hip flexor) are also out.
UP NEXT
Bucks: Host Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday.
Cavaliers: Host Toronto on Wednesday.
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (AP) – The trapeze-artist wife of daredevil Nik Wallenda says she'll be tethered to a helicopter when she hangs from the aircraft by her teeth as it flies over Niagara Falls.
Erendira Wallenda discussed her plans for the stunt during a news conference Wednesday morning on the American side of the Falls.
Wallenda's stunt is planned for Thursday, the fifth anniversary of her husband's televised 1,800-foot tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada.
Erendira Wallenda says she plans to hold on by her teeth and her toes while on a Hula Hoop-type device suspended from the helicopter as it flies 300 feet (91 meters) above the Falls.
Five members of the famed Wallenda circus troupe fell from a high-wire in Sarasota, Florida, in February while practicing an eight-person pyramid. Everyone survived.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
DENVER (CBSNewYork/CBS Denver/AP) — Taylor Swift was awarded $1 in the groping trial involving a DJ from Denver Monday.
The jury reached a verdict on Monday afternoon, finding that former DJ David Mueller assaulted, battered the pop star during a photo op.
Swift released the following statement in response to the verdict:
“I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
“I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
A jury on Monday started considering Swift's allegation that the former radio host groped her during a meet-and-greet before a concert and whether the singer's mother and her radio liaison later set out to destroy his career.
MORE FROM CBS DENVER
Attorney Gabriel McFarland, representing Mueller, said, “My only statement at this point is that I'm disappointed for Mr. Mueller, but respect the jury's decision.”
The jury also found that radio liaison Frank Bell and Andrea Swift – Taylor Swift's mother, did not intentionally interfere with David Mueller's contract.
In the dueling lawsuits from Swift and Mueller, U.S. District Judge William Martinez ruled Friday that Mueller failed to prove that the pop star personally set out to have him fired after the 2013 photo op.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted the symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Swift spent an hour on the witness stand Thursday defiantly recounting what she called a “despicable and horrifying and shocking” encounter before a concert.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” she added in her testimony.
Swift's testy exchange with Mueller's attorney occasionally elicited chuckles — even from the six-woman, two-man jury. She got a laugh when she said her security guard saw Mueller “lift my skirt” but someone would have had to have been underneath her to see the actual groping — “and we didn't have anyone positioned there.”
Swift testified that after the photo was taken, she tried to get as far away Mueller as she could. She said she told him and his girlfriend, who was also in the photo, “thank you for coming” in a monotone voice before they left.
She also said she was stunned and did not say anything to Mueller or halt the event after he left because she did not want to disappoint several dozen people waiting in line for photos with her.
In the image, shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Mueller's then-girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, is on the other side of Swift. All three are smiling.
Melcher testified Friday that she saw nothing happen during the brief encounter and that she and Mueller were rudely confronted and escorted out of the arena that evening. Melcher said Mueller was devastated by the accusation.
She said she and Mueller started out as co-workers at country station KYGO-FM and became romantically involved in February 2013, a few months before the concert. They drifted apart late in 2013, but Melcher says they remained friends.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Poor policies, facilities hinder management of mental disorder in Nigeria
“There is only one government-designated facility in Abuja that can cater for the mental health of the people living in the FCT.”
The post Poor policies, facilities hinder management of mental disorder in Nigeria appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Over the last year, Democrats have snatched away Republican seats in more than a dozen special legislative elections from Seattle and Tulsa, Okla., to Atlanta and Miami, in many cases electing female and minority candidates with strong turnout on the left.
Republicans will not be easily dislodged: In many states, Republican governors have built powerful machinery to defend their allies, and Mr. Trump remains popular enough across much of the Midwest and South to limit Democratic gains. In 31 out of 50 states, Republicans command the entire legislature; in 25 of those states, the governor is also a Republican.
Photo
But with some momentum behind Democrats — at least for now — the party appears positioned to make inroads in crucial legislatures, winning a new measure of relevance in state policy and perhaps limiting Republicans' influence on congressional redistricting after 2020.
Matt Walter, president of the Republican State Leadership Committee, the party's national hub for legislative campaigns, said Republicans were on the defensive in all but a few states. Citing Democratic turnout in recent special elections, Mr. Walter said Republicans should use the next nine months to sound the “alarm bells” for their voters.
“What we have seen in the special elections is a significant spike in the interest, engagement, spending and energy by the liberal Democrats and progressive movement,” Mr. Walter said, adding: “The spending is real. The organizational prowess is real. And the energy is real.”
That energy was on raucous display last weekend in the Bucks County borough of Newtown, where well over 100 Democrats packed into a red-brick tavern to cheer Steve Santarsiero, a Democrat seeking a State Senate seat left open by a Republican's unexpected retirement. Before a lively breakfast crowd, Mr. Santarsiero needled Mr. Trump and hailed his fellow Democrats running for the legislature's multiplying number of open seats.
Applauding from the front was Helen Tai, an official in nearby Solebury who is running in a May special election for the State House prompted by a Republican's resignation. Democrats nearly swept local elections in four counties outside Philadelphia last November; Ms. Tai said the combination of Republican retirements and liberal enthusiasm had transformed the fight for the legislature.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I wish it was a presidential year,” she said. “People want to vote. They can't wait to vote.”
Adding to Republicans' unease are several unresolved lawsuits that could unravel carefully drawn maps in states like North Carolina and Texas. The United States Supreme Court is expected to consider a number of cases involving gerrymandered maps this year, and Jessica Post, executive director of the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, said the group is considering new litigation against state legislative districts in the Pennsylvania courts, which voided a Republican-drawn congressional map last month.
Ms. Post said special elections over the last year had revealed “early indicators of the wave.”
In many of the biggest purple states, however, Democrats must overcome huge Republican majorities and forbidding legislative maps. In Pennsylvania, Republicans hold 120 seats in the 203-seat State House, and 34 of 50 in the State Senate.
Photo
Though Republicans have thin majorities in a few states, like Colorado and Minnesota, the party is entrenched by gerrymandering across most of the Midwest and has long controlled Sun Belt prizes like Florida and Arizona.
In North Carolina, Republican legislators wield margins enormous enough to override a veto by Gov. Roy Cooper, a Democrat, on a party-line vote in both chambers. For 2018, Mr. Cooper and state Democrats have announced a “Break the Majority” campaign, not to capture either chamber, but merely to deprive Republicans of their supermajorities.
Representative Darren Jackson, the Democratic leader in the North Carolina House, said there had been a surge in candidate recruitment, and Democrats plan to pursue more than five-dozen seats where Mr. Cooper won about 44 percent of the vote or more in 2016. They are especially hopeful about the areas around Greensboro, Raleigh and Charlotte — the state's three largest cities — which resemble suburbs in other states that have turned on Republicans.
But Mr. Jackson takes an unromantic view of his party's prospects. A screen saver on his laptop cycles through headlines from when Mr. Trump won the presidency, as a reminder that any anticipated victory can evaporate.
“We're seeing a lot of interest in challenging incumbents, even in fairly red areas,” Mr. Jackson said, cautioning: “You've got to have good candidates.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Democratic legislators in several states said in interviews that they were waiting on a major trove of data related to last year's elections in Virginia, where a coalition of educated white, young and minority voters delivered the party a 15-seat gain in the House of Delegates. State leaders say they intend to use that information to hunt for targets even in areas with unfriendly district lines.
Republicans are most concerned about a collection of big states where they hold at least one legislative chamber by a narrower majority. In Florida, they hold the State Senate with 23 of 40 seats, and in Arizona both chambers tilt Republican by five seats or fewer. Mike Gardner, a former Arizona legislator who is now a Republican lobbyist, predicted Republicans would keep power in that state, but noted surging energy in the “hatred-toward-Trump camp.”
State Representative Jose R. Oliva of Miami Lakes, a Republican in line to be speaker of the Florida House, doubted Democrats could win either chamber, but said Mr. Trump might hobble Republicans in the ultra-diverse communities in and around Miami. Democrats picked off a State Senate seat there in 2017, though they have faced their own woes, including the resignation of a state party chairman amid harassment allegations.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It's been my experience over the last several cycles that these are national elections,” Mr. Oliva said.
Most telling may be Wisconsin, a traditional swing state where Republicans have governed largely with a free hand since 2010. Mr. Trump won the state in 2016 and, with the help of gerrymandered districts, Republicans began last year with 20 of 33 State Senate seats.
But that number recently shrank to 18 after the Democrats' special election upset and with another vacancy. Gov. Scott Walker, who is seeking a third term, called Republicans' defeat in a red district on the Minnesota border a “wake-up call,” and party strategists are monitoring the Milwaukee suburbs, a cornerstone of Mr. Walker's political coalition, for signs of unrest.
State Senator Chris Larson, a Democrat, said a special election fought in below-freezing temperatures had buoyed Democrats who had grown accustomed to disappointment. “A lot of skepticism by Democrats is starting to melt away,” he said.
It is not Mr. Trump alone mobilizing Democrats down ballot. In some states, Republicans have been in charge long enough to generate their own cloud of fatigue. In moderate areas where Mr. Trump is toxic, some voters have also tired of Republican policies — on abortion, guns and environmental regulation — championed by rural legislators.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At a meeting of the liberal group Indivisible in Eagleville, Pa., last month, Democratic activists railed not just against Mr. Trump, but also against Republicans in Harrisburg, the state capital, accusing them of wringing money from suburban voters while neglecting local schools and infrastructure. Katie Muth, a leader of the group who is running for State Senate, declared from the front of a Unitarian church that 2018 was the moment to “save Pennsylvania.”
But Mr. Trump's unpopularity is likely to help. Pam Hacker, an electrician running for the State House, said she rarely brings up the president, but sees him alienating communities that once voted Republican.
“It is a new Republican Party,” she said, “and I just don't think it's a friendly face.”
Delta Sigma Theta Montgomery Alumnae Chapter to Host Leadership Conference
by Rashad Snell
Future leaders will gather to discuss their role in moving Montgomery forward at the C.L.A.S.S. Leadership Conference for area youth on Saturday, October 7, from 9 a.m.- 3 p.m. on the 10th floor of the AUM Library Tower.
The event is sponsored by the Montgomery Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. , and this year's theme is “We Are All In: Soar, Serve & Succeed.” Middle and high school students will participate in workshops designed to cultivate their leadership skills, explore the value of community service, and discuss their role in improving the city of Montgomery. A workshop will also be offered for parents.
Guest speakers will include Attorney Azzie Taylor, Deputy Attorney General, Chief of Criminal Trials Division, Jaffe Pickett of Legal Services of Alabama and Michael Briddell, Director of Public Information and External Affairs for the city of Montgomery.
For more information, contact event organizer Catrina Waters at (334) 538-0733.
Advertisers were treated to a sneak peak of our fall programming schedule that will be filled with more retro shows, blockbuster movies and of course plenty of ways to catch our local news.
Here's a look at what you, our viewers can expect this fall on CHCH.
NASA said it will make an announcement Monday about the newest exoplanet discoveries made during the Kepler mission. The announcement will be part of NASA's Kepler and K2 celebration, exoplanet week, which begins Saturday and runs for a week. The events include talks, comedy shows and music events with the Kepler theme.
Monday's planned announcement concerns the latest planet candidate results from the Kepler mission. Since its launch in 2009, the Kepler space telescope has found thousands of planets and planet candidates and has continued searching for exoplanets.
Read: Neptune's Weather As Seen From Earth: NASA's Kepler Catches Planet, Moon Triton In Orbit
What is the Kepler mission?
The Kepler space telescope originally launched in 2009 and monitored 150,000 stars for four years in the search for exoplanets. It was the first NASA mission that was capable of finding Earth-size planets that were in or close to the habitable zone, the area where water hypothetically would be able to pool on a rocky surface.
In 2013, the second of four reaction wheels failed. The first had failed a year prior. The wheels are key to pointing the telescope and getting the perfect view of far stars and planets. The craft had finished its primary mission in 2012 and was into its extended mission when this wheel failed. During its primary mission, it confirmed 135 exoplanets, or planets beyond our solar system, and helped identify 3,500 other possible exoplanets. It's taken NASA years to sift through the data. The mission also revealed 21 exoplanets that are less than twice the size of Earth in the habitable zones of their stars.
The K2 mission was developed in the months after the craft's second wheel failed. Using the two remaining wheels and the thrusters, NASA controls the craft as much as possible as it continues to make observations. The K2 campaign involves a lot of sequential observations. It's been making new observations since 2014 and is expected to run for no more than another year. In that time the K2 mission has resulted in the discovery of 520 candidate exoplanets and 148 confirmed exoplanets.
Read: NASA Planet Concept Art: How Artists, Researchers Accurately Depict Exoplanets, Stars, Galaxies
Monday's announcement will be about the latest planet candidates discovered through the mission. The briefing on the discoveries is scheduled for 11 a.m. EDT Monday at the Ames Research Center in California. “The latest Kepler catalog of planet candidates was created using the most sophisticated analyses yet, yielding the most complete and reliable accounting of distant worlds to date. This survey will enable new lines of research in exoplanet study, which looks at planets outside our solar system,” NASA said in a press release.
Four researchers involved in the findings will be at the briefing. The event will be live streamed online and viewers who would like to participate and ask questions can tweet using the hashtag #AskKepler.
Related Articles
The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on Tuesday.
At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 1.04 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 1.14 percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.99 percent.
The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues, valued at $50 million or more, are scheduled for pricing this week:
TUESDAY
Hennepin County, Minn., $100 million of unlimited tax general obligation bonds. Competitive.
Mecklenburg County, N.C., $225 million of unlimited tax general obligation bonds. Competitive.
University of Alabama Board of Trustees, $159 million of revenue bonds. Competitive.
WEDNESDAY
Maryland, $550 million of unlimited tax general obligation bonds. Competitive.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Maryland, $792.8 million of unlimited tax general obligation bonds refinancing. Competitive.
ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK
Atlanta Development Authority, $55 million of Georgia State University Panther Place LLC Project revenue bonds. Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
If you're a business leader, it's likely you got to where you are through hard work, perseverance, and a determination to be the best you can be. Regardless of your success, you're unlikely to be content with your current leadership game. Instead, you're always seeking ways in which to advance and improve.
This is no easy feat. Being a leader demands high levels of responsibility; leaders need to motivate and inspire their team, and they need to deal with fluctuating workplace demands. Moreover, what constitutes a great leader tends to evolve and change over time. What compelled Generation X to work hard won't work with Generation Z. As our understanding of human psychology advances, we also become more knowledgeable on what inspires high levels of engagement and discretionary effort.
With this article, we'll look at modern leadership techniques and how to implement them in 2018 in order to improve individual, team, and company performance and productivity, while building a more competitive and profitable business.
1. Take the time to discover employee strengths — and allow them to use them
As we move into 2018, autonomy is a key concept all leaders should keep in mind when it comes to both their leadership style and their performance management systems. Rather than rigidly controlling your employees or trying to manipulate their strengths to suit your company, you would be far more efficient and successful as a leader if you allowed your employees to play to their strengths.
According to a Gallup poll, if you keep your employees' strengths in mind when constructing objectives and goals, you can make your company much stronger. Simultaneously, you can boost engagement and morale while minimizing turnover and lessening stress levels
The use of employee strengths has been shown to be far more effective a motivator than even leadership exhortations. Put simply, this is because as a leader, you have taken the time to find out what truly motivates your employees, which ultimately works to your company's advantage. In fact, even simply learning about employee strengths is known to make them 7.8% more productive, while boosting company sales and profit. So as we move into 2018, leaders should do more to focus on strengths and positives than dwelling on what employees can stand to improve.
2. Incorporate real-time feedback and more frequent one-on-ones
The concept of continuous, agile performance management is no longer a revolutionary or disruptive management trend. It's widely recognized to be a more effective means of managing behavior and performance than an annual performance review. Although not all companies are incorporating more regular performance discussions, most are in the process of switching over. In fact, according to Harvard Business Review, 70% of all multinational companies are moving towards this model.
If you were considering a shift towards continuous performance management, as a leader, you should be comforted by the prospect that companies are seeing great results. In fact, Adobe experienced a 30% drop in voluntary turnover following their transition. Much of its voluntary turnover was traditionally associated with their stressful and time-consuming annual appraisal process.
As Generation Z enters the workforce, the need for more immediate and meaningful feedback will only increase. With the internet, smartphones, and a myriad of collaboration tools, people are connected all the time and expect — and deserve — real-time feedback when it comes to their work. Employees are also eager to make a connection with their managers, with 53% of Generation Z preferring face-to-face communication over instant messaging.
In 2018, leaders should consider incorporating (at a minimum) monthly check-ins with employees to discuss progress, concerns, and objectives. You'll soon reap the rewards and enjoy the benefits of improved relationships between you and your employees.
3. Actively listen to your employees
Of course, it's not enough to just deliver instant feedback or to be available to your employees. You also need to consider the quality and content of the feedback and communication. As a leader, you need to show that you are actually listening to employee feedback and you care about what they have to say. Doing so will not only make employees feel valued; it could also seriously improve business processes and strategy.
In 2018, being a business leader means so much more than simply concerning yourself with objectives and the financial bottom line. If you want to get the most out of your employees, you need to have an open-door policy and they need to feel that they can discuss any and all issues that might be impacting their work, from poor workplace processes, to office harassment, to private factors that could affect performance. In your one-on-one discussions, go above and beyond expectations. Put your employee in the driver's seat and allow them to guide discussions. Stick to simply providing advice and assistance when you can.
4. Always take an opportunity to improve upon yourself
As mentioned in the introduction of this article, self-improvement is necessary for a great leader. In fact, in order to be a leader, you need to be highly self-aware. Leaders know they're not perfect and they're constantly trying to improve themselves, which is why so many leaders spend their time reading self-help books.
If you truly want to up your leadership game in 2018, take some time for self-reflection and determine how and where you can improve. What are your particular strengths and weaknesses? Find this out and take measures to become a stronger, engaging, more confident leader. Keep reading and challenge your existing methods — this includes making serious changes with regards to the way you operate and the way your company functions. This is the only way to remain competitive in today's dynamic working environment.
5. Learn what will motivate and inspire Generation Z
You might be primarily concerned with millennials and how they operate in a working environment. This is great, as millennials likely comprise a decent portion of your workforce. However, the older millennials are now in their mid-thirties. Moving forward, you will need to consider Generation Z and what inspires them to perform well at work.
Generation Z comprises those individuals born between 1996 and 2010, so the oldest members of Gen Z have now graduated from college and are taking their first steps into the corporate world. Generation Z are technologically savvy and accustomed to immediate forms of communication. They are also keen on learning and self-improvement.
The secret to motivating these individuals all lies in connectivity. Engage in frequent, meaningful discussions, and get to know your new employees — what they want out of their roles, how they want to advance, and where they see themselves in five years. Also, cover how they personally make a huge impact on the business. This will demonstrate to them that they are an important part of the company and that you value their contributions. Their sense of self-worth and confidence will increase ever further if you invest in their immediate and long-term career advancement.
As the years go by, what it means to be a great leader will necessarily change. What's important is that no leader gets stuck in their ways. To do so would be entirely counter-productive to a well-performing workforce. However, when leaders make efforts to research leadership trends, not only do they benefit from a more engaged workforce; they also notice visible business improvements. Make it your goal to keep up to date with these changes and to take the thoughts and opinions of your employees on board.
Stuart Hearn is CEO and founder of Clear Review — a performance management software system that prioritizes simplicity and transparency. He is enthusiastic about performance management trends and researching ways in which to improve employee engagement and productivity levels to improve business and performance.
Love is in the air this Valentine's Day. And there is no love purer than the love of a dog.
Dogs just want to make us happy. They love us unconditionally. They make us laugh. They're always there for us. They are the best Valentines ever.
Whether or not you are already taken this Valentine's Day, these dogs are sure to steal your heart.
1. This Dog Who Wants All Your Kisses
Shut up and take our money.
2. This Dog Who Went All Out To Win You Over
Anything for you.
3. This Dog Who Bought You A Beautiful Bouquet Because You Are Beautiful
And don't you forget it!
4. This Dog Whose Tail Wags Only For You
This dog may be young, but he's clearly already a master of the pickup line.
5. This Dog Who Wants To Give You Her Heart
Take my heart but please don't break pop it.
6. This Dog Who Is The Strong-Silent Type
Don't let the stern facade fool you. He's sensitive and loves to snuggle!
7. This Dog Who Is Scoring Big Points With Pizza
We'll take that with extra cheese, please.
8. This Dog Who Believes In True Love
And has the cutest crooked little smile.
9. This Dog Who Knows You Can't Resist Those Puppy Dog Eyes
No fair! Nobody can resist puppy dog eyes.
10. This Dog Who Will Thaw Your Cold Heart
Will you accept this rose?
11. This Dog Who Tells You Exactly What He Wants
No guessing games here.
12. This Dog Who Knows Good Things Come In Small Packages
He may be little, but his heart is big.
13. These Dogs Who Are A Package Deal
Two Pug Valentines are better than one.
14. This Dog Who Is Ready To Commit
Yes! A thousand times yes!
15. This Dog Who's Not Afraid To Tell The Whole World How He Feels
The chalk is temporary, but his love is forever.
16. This Dapper Dog Who Is The Perfect Gentleman
Swoon.
Photo
NYON, Switzerland — Real Madrid will face Paris Saint-Germain in the last 16 of the Champions League.
The match, which will pit Cristiano Ronaldo against Neymar, was possible because Madrid finished as a runner-up in its group.
Barcelona will play Chelsea, Manchester City will face Basel, Manchester United will take on Sevilla and Porto will play Liverpool.
Also, it was: Juventus vs. Tottenham; Bayern Munich vs. Besiktas; and Shakhtar Donetsk vs. Roma.
The first legs will be played from Feb. 13-21, with the return matches from March 6-14.
The final will be played at the Olympic Stadium in Kiev, Ukraine, on May 26.
Another day, another tech conference. Now that SXSW is behind us, it's time for GDC 2018. We've arrived in San Francisco to cover the latest edition of the Game Developers Conference, where you can expect to see plenty of new indie titles, AR and VR projects and even films about the gaming industry. Oh, and Fortnite -- you know, we're definitely going to hear from Epic Games about its smash-hit.
Amazon and Facebook, meanwhile, have already made announcements of their own, and this week we'll speak to execs from both companies about their overall gaming strategies. To make sure you don't miss any news that come out of GDC, bookmark this page here.
Click here to catch up on the latest news from GDC 2018!
Is Augmented Reality the Next Big Leap for Apple?
Apple's iPhone may be ready for its next big act -- as a springboard into "augmented reality," a technology that projects life-like images into real-world settings viewed through a screen.
If you've heard about AR at all, it's most likely because you've encountered "Pokémon Go," in which players wander around neighborhoods trying to capture monsters only they can see on their phones. AR is also making its way into education and some industrial applications, such as product assembly and warehouse inventory management.
Now Apple is hoping to transform the technology from a geeky sideshow into a mass-market phenomenon. It's embedding AR-ready technology into its iPhones later this year, potentially setting the stage for a rush of new apps that blur the line between reality and digital representation in new and imaginative ways.
"This is one of those huge things that we'll look back at and marvel on the start of it," Apple CEO Tim Cook [pictured above] told analysts during a Tuesday conference call.
Many analysts agree. "This is the most important platform that Apple has created since the app store in 2008," said Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research.
There's just one catch: No one can yet point to a killer app for AR, at least beyond the year-old (and fading) fad of "Pokémon Go." Instead, analysts argue more generally that AR creates enormous potential for new games, home-remodeling apps that let you visualize new furnishings and décor in an existing room, education, health care and more.
For the moment, though, we're basically stuck with demos created by developers, including a "Star Wars"-like droid rolling past a dog that doesn't realize it's there; a digital replica of Houston on a table ; and a virtual tour of Vincent Van Gogh's bedroom .
Augmenting the iPhone
At Apple, the introduction of AR gets underway in September with the release of iOS 11, the next version of the operating system that powers hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads around the world.
Tucked away in that release is an AR toolkit intended to help software developers create new AR apps.
Those apps, however, won't work on just any Apple device -- only the iPhone 6S and later models, including the hotly anticipated next-generation iPhone that Apple will release this fall. The 2017 iPad and iPad Pro will run AR apps as well.
Apple isn't the only company betting big on AR. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg talked up the technology at a company presentation in April, calling it a "really important technology that changes how we use our phones." Apple rivals such as Google and Microsoft are also starting to deploy AR systems .
Waiting for Apple's Next Big Thing
Apple has been looking for something to lessen its dependence on the iPhone since the 2011 death of its co-founder CEO Steve Jobs, the driving force behind the company's innovation factory.
Cook thought he had come up with a revolutionary product when Apple began selling its smartwatch in 2015, but the Apple Watch remains a niche product.
For now, the iPhone remains Apple's dominant product, accounting for 55 percent of Apple's $45.4 billion in revenue during the three months ended in June. The total revenue represented a 7 percent increase from the same time last year. Apple earned $8.7 billion , up 12 percent from last year. Its stock jumped nearly 6 percent in morning trading Wednesday, helping to push the Dow Jones industrial average above 22,000 for the first time.
An AR Explosion ... Maybe
Tim Merel, managing director of technology consulting firm Digi-Capital, believes Apple's entry into AR will catalyze the field. His firm expects AR to mushroom into an $83 billion market by 2021, up from $1.2 billion last year.
That estimate assumes that Apple and its rivals will expand beyond AR software to high-tech glasses and other devices, such as Microsoft's HoloLens headset.
For now, though, nothing appears better suited for interacting with AR than the smartphone. Google already makes AR software called Tango that debuted on one Lenovo smartphone last year and will be part of another high-end device from Asus this month.
But it will be years before Tango phones are as widely used as iPhones, or for that matter, iPads. Most of those devices are expected to become AR-ready when the free iOS 11 update hits next month.
Nearly 90 percent of Apple devices powered by iOS typically install the new software version when it comes out. Assuming that pattern holds true this fall, that will bring AR to about 300 million Apple devices that are already in people's hands.
Beyond the iPhone
If the new software wins over more AR fans as Apple hopes, analysts figure that Apple will begin building AR-specific devices, too.
One obvious possibility might be some kind of AR glasses tethered to the iPhone, which would allow people to observe digital reality without having to look "through" a phone. Once technology allows, a standalone headset could render the iPhone unnecessary, at least for many applications.
Such a device could ultimately supplant the iPhone, although that isn't likely to happen for five to 10 years, even by the most optimistic estimates.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Apple.
JERUSALEM (AP) — It's no secret that Israel is a deeply polarized nation, with its prime minister facing a slew of corruption allegations, the peace process at a standstill and the government moving to stifle critics.
But a new survey released on Tuesday shows just how divided the country has become. Seventy-two percent of left-wing voters fear Israel's democracy is in danger, an even higher figure than the 65 percent of Arab citizens who feel that way.
The annual Israeli Democracy Index interviewed 1,024 people in May and had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points. The margin increased to 3.4 points for Jewish respondents and 7.9 points for the smaller Arab sample size.
The survey found that 68 percent of all respondents felt that parliament members don't perform their duties properly.
As the school year gets underway big changes are here for kids riding the bus in Omaha. In their largest initiative yet, the Omaha Public School District is ready for the New Student Assignment Plan for 2017-2018.
OPS says they've listened to the parents, students, and teachers across the metro.
The new plan allows elementary students who live at least 1 mile from school to be eligible for transportation; previously it was 1 1/2 miles.
They've also changed the zoning, so kids can only get a ride to their neighborhood school or one in their partner zone. Eligibility is simpler; it relies on geographical locations, and not financial situations. That will help them reduce the number of buses by 103 compared to last year and save the district more than $7 million.
"One of the things that we heard in our community is that we were seeing buses with low ridership going across the city, and our partner plan makes it more efficient where we'll see increased ridership on our buses,” said Anne McFarland, OPS Community School & Family Engagement.
OPS says kids impacted by the zoning change has reduced from 3,800 to less than 1,600, but some students will have to ride a bus for longer and be at their stop by 6am.
"We have about 200 students who will see a ride time of over an hour but most of our students will see ride times that are less," McFarland explained.
The district also had the bus routes planned out almost 2 months earlier than previously. Bryan High and Bryan Middle School plus Benson High and Monroe Middle School routes could be consolidated, but officials say they haven't needed to do that yet.
School starts on August 17 for OPS.
HALIFAX — The Liberal majority on the Nova Scotia legislature's public accounts committee is being accused of providing political cover for the government after it refused to call recently audited departments to testify.
Progressive Conservative Tim Houston is seeking to have officials questioned in June about issues raised in Tuesday's report from Auditor General Michael Pickup.
Pickup had urged that they be brought before the committee “sooner rather than later.”
But Liberal committee member Gordon Wilson says officials from departments such as justice have agreed to move on Pickup's recommendations and he doesn't see the need to bring them in immediately, adding that he has “no questions.”
Houston says he does have questions, and says it's clear the government doesn't want to talk about the issues raised in Pickup's report.
The Liberals had also blocked a Houston motion earlier this month to have officials from the Internal Services Department appear to discuss what the government maintains was a breach of the province's freedom of information web portal.
Houston says the Liberals are operating on flawed logic when they cite an ongoing audit for not calling Internal Services officials and then reject an opportunity to discuss a just completed audit with other departments.
Off to Russia! ✈️Diamond Bank & Visa reward Student with an All-Expense Paid Trip to the 2018 FIFA World Cup
Vwaire Favour Ajewen has emerged the winner of the first Diamond Bank/Visa ‘Activate and Spend' campaign draw held over the weekend. The Ozoro Polytechnic, Warri, Delta State student would watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia on an all-expense paid trip courtesy of Visa.
Commenting on the emergence of the winner, Head, Corporate Communications, Diamond Bank Plc, Chioma Afe, stated, “We are delighted to be rewarding a loyal customer with the prize, courtesy of Visa. This is truly exciting as it demonstrates the benefits of using our services. Not only are Diamond Bank services convenient and secure, customers stand a chance of winning by simply transacting with us”.
The Activate and Spend campaign is open to all Visa cardholders and it provides them an opportunity to watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup live in Russia. They stand a chance to win the grand prize in the draws, by simply paying for at least three transactions worth a minimum of N1,000 each with their Diamond Bank Visa debit or credit cards before 25 April 2018.
———————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————-
Sponsored Content
The post Off to Russia! ✈️Diamond Bank & Visa reward Student with an All-Expense Paid Trip to the 2018 FIFA World Cup appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Chief Justice, Ms Justice Sophia Akuffo has unveiled plans to close down all dilapidated court structures to safeguard the safety and security of judges and court users.
She said the current state of most court structures across the country were death traps and demeaning to the administration of justice.
According to the Chief Justice, she recently visited the Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly (KMA) Court where conditions were so deplorable.
Addressing members of the Association of Magistrates and Judges of Ghana (AMJG) at their 37th Annual General Meeting (AGM's) annual conference in Accra Wesdnesday, Ms Akuffo planned to close the courts to make them safe for use by judges and the public.
“It is about time, we showed as a nation, respect for justice,” Ms Akuffo said.
This year's two-day conference was on the theme: “Judiciary, A Bastian of Democracy,” and is being attended by more than 100 judges and magistrates.
Finances
Turning to financing of the Judicial Service, Ms Akuffo urged the government to consult the Judiciary before allocating budget to it.
She said funds released to the Judiciary were not enough partly because it was not consulted at the planning state.
She further stated that the 15 per cent allocated to the Judiciary from its internally generated funds (IGF) was not adequate.
She said the Judiciary could be truly independent when it was allowed to have financial independence as enshrined in the 1992 Constitution.
Ms Justice Akuffo accordingly charged the magistrates and judges to explore new ways by which the Judiciary could be financed to guarantee its true independence.
Backlog of cases
Ms Justice Akuffo said there was currently a backlog of cases, a situation which did not create a good image of the Judiciary in the eyes of the public.
She said backlog of cases leading to delays in justice delivery was unacceptable and for that reason “we are analysing to ensure all judges do make case management plans and abide by those plans.”
The Chief Justice said a contract for the justice project under the e-governance programme had been signed.
The project, when rolled, will track cases from the beginning to the end.
For instance, in the case of criminal cases, the system would track from the arrest stage to the date of conviction or acquittal.
She said the programme would be rolled out to ensure that all people were treated fairly under the law.
Ms Akuffo also assured the gathering that all lower courts across the country would also be automated.
Problems
Ms Justice Akuffo said she had noted the problems facing the Judiciary and was poised to ensure they were all resolved.
She said there were more than 200 vacant positions yet to be filled in the Judicial Service but noted that her outfit had to be given financial clearance before it could engage new hands.
AMJG address
The President of the AMJG, Mr Justice Victor Ofoe, touched on the problems facing his colleagues, including promotions that had been pending since 2013, poor security and inadequate infrastructure among other issues.
Mr Ofoe expressed worry over the delays in the payment of pensions to retired judges.
Former CJ honoured
The AMJG honoured the former Chief Justice, Mrs Justice Georgina Theodora Wood for her sterling leadership while in office.
She thanked the magistrates, judges and staff of the Judicial Service for their support while she was in office. –Graphic.com.gh
Ahead of the release of his forthcoming album Boomiverse, Big Boi stopped by Desus & Mero's VICELAND show and spoke about more than just new music.
The former Outkast member was asked how'd social media change rap, and he had the perfect response:
It's different because we had to see someone in person. If somebody said something [negative], we'd slap the shit out of them. [Laughs] And then that just never happens again. But now you got people that's in their mother's basement on the computer, eating Cheetos and sh*t, and you just can't pay attention to it. In this age, it can be good and it can be bad, in the sense of, you can put a song out and it instantly goes everywhere, but you can also get a lawsuit by slapping the shit out of somebody.
Social media definitely has its perks, but it has undoubtedly changed the way we live our day-to-day lives. Watch the full interview below.
Taipei, June 15 -- The lead stories in major Taiwan Chinese language dailies on Thursday are as follows:
@United Daily News: U.S. calls for dialogue between Taiwan, China in wake of Panama's defection.
@China Times: Polls find half of school children suffer from learning fatigue.
@Liberty Times: Taiwan's representative to Nigeria returns as China forces name change on Taiwan's overseas missions.
@Apple Daily: U.S. Congressional GOP whip injured in ballpark shooting.
@Economic Daily News: Financial chiefs instructed not to attend cross-strait forum in China in wake of Panama's defection.
@Commercial Times: Environmental impact assessment to be carried out on 80 mines once mining act is revised.
Thanks to Pfizer, Viagra Is About To Get a Lot Cheaper
The little blue pill that's helped millions of men in the bedroom is turning white. Drugmaker Pfizer is launching its own cheaper generic version of Viagra rather than lose most sales when the impotence pill gets its first generic competition next week.
Pfizer Inc. will begin selling the white pill at half the $65-a-pill retail price on Monday, when its patent-protected monopoly ends. Generic maker Teva Pharmaceuticals can start selling its version then, but isn't disclosing the price.
Many more generics go on sale next summer, which will steadily slash the price of generics, possibly by 90 percent.
"Patients are paying fortunes. When generic Viagra comes out, they will be very happy," said Dr. Nachum Katlowitz, a urologist at New York's Staten Island University Hospital.
Launched in 1998, Viagra was the first pill for impotence. It transformed a private frustration for many aging men into a publicly discussed medical condition with an easy treatment, far more appealing than options like penile injections and implants. Pfizer's early TV ads for the little blue pill even coined the term erectile dysfunction, ED for short.
Eli Lilly's Cialis came out in 2003 and now dominates the U.S. market with on-demand pills and daily, low-dose ones. Viagra is a close second.
Pfizer says its market research shows 20 percent of customers are loyal to Viagra. So rather than give up sales to generic makers as brand-name drugmakers once routinely did, the company is selling its own generic and also fighting to keep men on its blue pills.
"We believe that the story for Viagra isn't done. It's just going to be a new chapter," said Jim Sage, president of U.S. brands for Pfizer Essential Health, which sells its older medicines.
In January, the drugmaker will offer two new discount programs and increase its copayment card discounts. Uninsured men can get brand-name Viagra half off through an innovative online home delivery program, Pfizer Direct. Many insured patients will be able to get a month's prescription -- typically six to 10 pills, depending on plan limits -- for as little as a $20 copayment.
"This is the most comprehensive pricing and marketing response I've seen to a generic," said Erik Gordon, a pharmaceuticals analyst at the University of Michigan's business school. "It's unprecedented."
Gordon thinks Pfizer's reduced prices will retain some patients and attract others who buy pills, often counterfeits, from the internet.
Dr. Matthias Hofer, a urologist at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago, said some of his insured patients who take Viagra wouldn't want a generic. "They will be ecstatic if they can save money and get the brand product from Pfizer," he said.
Last year, more than 12 million prescriptions for Viagra and Cialis were filled in the U.S., generating a combined $3 billion in sales, according to health data and clinical research company IQVIA. However, prescriptions have dropped more than 20 percent since 2012, as repeated price hikes put the pills out of reach for many men lacking good insurance.
According to health information analytics firm Elsevier, over just the past decade, retail prices jumped from about $10 to $62 per pill for Viagra and from $11 to $61 for Cialis. Pharmacies and other middlemen add a few dollars more per pill.
Generic Viagra, called sildenafil, will become even more affordable starting June 11, when more versions go on sale.
"Many patients already know it's going generic and they want it," said Aracely Pena, a medical assistant at San Diego Sexual Medicine.
Cialis and Levitra, another pill launched in 2003, get their own generic competition next fall.
In the meantime, some doctors specializing in sexual dysfunction have found other options. Some prescribe generic Revatio, the blood pressure pill Pfizer was testing when older patients reported stronger erections as a side effect. It contains one-fifth the sildenafil dose in Viagra and costs as little as $1 per pill.
Northwestern's Hofer arranges for his patients to receive made-to-order pills from a couple of specialty pharmacies.
Daniel Lobello, 60, is satisfied with those pills but thinks a lot of men probably would use cheaper generic or brand-name Viagra.
"It's great" that the prices are getting cut, said the West Chester, Illinois, electrical inspector, "because it's something men need."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Pfizer/Artist's concept.
Read more on: Health, Medical, Scientists, Pharmaceuticals, Viagra, Pfizer
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” her contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
Imagine a community where every home maintains a comfortable temperature without the use of electricity. Designed with local materials and aligned to maximize use of solar energy, these homes are more than just a place to live: They are also perfectly suited for processing food, participating in religious gatherings, and maintaining social relationships. These houses are also incredibly durable to the test of time—so durable, in fact, that they've survived thousands of years.
The Sky City village in the Pueblo of Acoma epitomizes intelligent architectural design exactly as described. About 60 miles west of Albuquerque, New Mexico, this community has thrived in its Southwestern desert atop a mesa for what tribal elders estimate to be over 2,000 years.
These days, not everyone lives in Sky City. After centuries of oppression and violence from Spanish and American colonial governments, the Pueblo of Acoma retains only about 10 percent of its original land base. And the federal government maintains a significant stake in the Pueblo of Acoma's tribal housing programs.
Today, indigenous communities are impacted by U.S. housing practices. In the case of the Pueblo of Acoma, for example, the primary source of funding for the tribe's housing authority is through a grant program that funds tribal housing projects—so long as they meet standards set by Housing and Urban Development. These standards force projects to conform to Western design principles. As a result, tribal members live in Western-style project homes—homes that don't incorporate cultural needs, aren't energy efficient, and undercut community self-sufficiency.
But some indigenous people are fighting back. They're working to revitalize traditional architecture in Native communities, insert traditional principles into Western architecture training programs, and build housing justice in Indian Country.
In my work as a master's candidate of American Indian studies at Arizona State University, I've studied the impact of housing policy on traditional housing, energy resilience, and culture in indigenous communities in Arizona. This work brought me in contact with Wanda Dalla Costa, an architect who is leading efforts to revitalize traditional architecture in Arizona.
Dalla Costa is a Saddle Creek Cree and visiting professor at ASU. She views housing as not only an expression of tribal sovereignty, but also as a pathway to nation-building.
Currently, Dalla Costa collaborates with the Gila River Indian Community, south of Phoenix, on what she calls “re-operationalizing their traditional homes” in a modern context. As part of this project, students from ASU partner with tribal members to learn about traditional building techniques and the role that architectural design plays in supporting and maintaining cultural values.
One outcome of this partnership is to provide the community with recommendations for architecture that integrates traditional design principles into modern structures. Dalla Costa's team has gathered information on the role traditional structures played in the daily life and culture of the tribe's O'otham ancestors. In this process, students have listened to community members tell stories of the important role these structures play in social gatherings.
The movement to revitalize traditional housing has implications that extend beyond Indian Country.
By gathering this information, Dalla Costa and her team will establish cultural priorities that should appear in the design of modern homes. Currently, Dalla Costa is fundraising to build a housing prototype in 2019 and plans to start co-designing with tribal members soon.
Research shows that architecture that reflects local traditions and heritage provides social and cultural benefits. According to award-winning East Indian architect Balkrishna Doshi in an interview for Reuters, architecture that uses interlocking spaces, colors, and designs rooted in local traditions provides residents—especially those in vulnerable communities—with security, and can lead to social change. Yet, in an interview by Dezeen, Doshi notes that India's desire to compete globally has led it to construct characterless skyscrapers. This kind of growth reflects a “desire to be like somebody else” rather than a desire to reflect local heritage, he says. In his designs, he seeks to revitalize traditional architecture by incorporating aspects of traditional design, such as architectural elements from Hindu temples.
Indigenous architecture is well-suited to extreme Arizonan heat and climate.
Traditional architecture can also build climate resiliency. Because it was developed over the course of thousands of years by indigenous people, traditional architecture is well-adapted for local climates. In her work with the Gila River Indian Community, Dalla Costa studied how traditional architecture is well-suited to extreme Arizonan heat and climate. Sandwich housing, for example, is built using adobe materials with a high thermal mass. This means they absorb and store heat, making them energy-efficient cooling structures that not only preserve culture, but increase community self-sufficiency, too.
These cultural and environmental benefits stand in contrast to Western architecture in the U.S. and Canada, where housing laws, markets, and architectural standards have commodified housing and stripped non-monetary values from design priorities—values like community strength and resiliency. A typical suburban home may have a yard to impress the neighbors, but it isn't designed to invite those neighbors in. Western architects are trained to build housing for “efficiency and mass appeal,” such as the developer homes, or “purely aesthetic,” overly reliant on slick or sexy imagery, says Dalla Costa.
How can we create homes that represent the cultural values we want without appropriating traditional architecture?
In her work, Dalla Costa hopes to build traditional values into Western architectural training programs while helping indigenous communities begin to revitalize traditional architecture in Arizona. And there are others working to do this, too.
The organization Red Feather partners with indigenous communities in Arizona to increase access to healthy housing. Instead of promoting the creation of new homes and communities, Red Feather works with tribal members to eliminate health risks in traditional—but dilapidated—houses. Also in the Southwest, the Sustainable Native Communities Collaborative plans and researches with tribes to design culturally relevant and environmentally friendly projects that promote community self-sufficiency. Joseph Kunkel, the executive director of SNCC, is a Cheyenne tribal member and visiting professor at ASU who has recently partnered with Dalla Costa.
This movement to revitalize traditional housing in Arizona has implications that extend beyond Indian Country.
It calls into question whether Western housing truly serves our needs as a home—not just a commodity. And it forces us to consider the connection between architecture, design, and cultural values. For example, what do homes with large garages and tiny kitchens say about modern American culture? Do the standard models we see in communities today support the cultural and socio-economic diversity of this country—or do they force cultural assimilation?
And how can we create homes that represent the cultural values we want—homes that are sustainable, healthy, and that build strong communities—without appropriating traditional architecture? Perhaps this is where settler-colonial communities will need to think about how they can support indigenous architects. As more and more Native-owned construction firms open, how can non-indigenous people support them?
Beginning to answer some of these questions is a step toward building housing justice for all our unique communities—on the reservation and beyond.
A rash of trauma cases in recent days has put a critical strain on the local blood supply, prompting the Blood Bank of Delmarva to ask for help from donors
“Unfortunately a succession of trauma situations has had a negative impact on our supply of blood, especially O positive, one of the most common blood types there is, said Michael Waite, Blood Bank of Delmarva (BBD) director of Marketing and Community Relations. “Our supply of O+ is usually pretty robust, but these occurrences over the last few days have really hampered our ability to replace what's already been used and is continuing to be used.”
Donors of any blood type are always welcome, but this time it's our O positive donors who are getting the call.
“If we don't get assistance from those who are able to donate, it could potentially impact patient care and we cannot let that happen” said Waite. “If you have the ability to donate, please make an appointment to do so at your earliest convenience. We need your help to save lives.”
Advertisement
Blood Bank of Delmarva has five fixed donor locations— Newark, Dover, Wilmington, Chadds Ford, and Salisbury, MD — as well as more than 30 regularly scheduled mobile locations.
Appointments are recommended, but walk-ins are also welcome during this critical time. The nonprofit organization needs 350 donors a day to meet the needs of the hospitals served in the Delmarva region to ensure that more than 20,000 patients a year receive blood transfusions.
For more information or to schedule an appointment, visit www.DelmarvaBlood.org, call 1 888 8-BLOOD-8 or download their free mobile app.
Getty Image
It's been quite the rollercoaster this season for the Cleveland Cavaliers. After the failed experiment with Isaiah Thomas, the front office cut ties and made some major roster changes at the trade deadline to try and salvage a campaign that was quickly going south.
Despite some positive flashes, there's been an adjustment period as Cleveland tries to integrate several new players into its lineup and work to find some consistency in anticipation of what it hopes will be a long playoff run. One of their biggest question marks has to do directly with the youth and inexperience of many of the new faces.
It has also had to deal with the extended absence of veteran forward Kevin Love due to an injury. The team did, however, pass on some good news when it announced that Love would make his return against the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday night.
Why Land Occupations Play A Key Role In Land Reform
South Africa's stagnant land reform process has led to the frustration and delayed dispossession of many. With the conversation of landlessness comes that of occupation, and city dwellers have been occupying land for a long time in the hope of prompting government to grant them their promised housing and land. Land occupations have taken place all over the country for years like the Marikana settlement in Philippi, Cato Manor in Durban, and Doornfontein in the Johannesburg inner city. The Daily Vox explores land occupation in South Africa looking at examples of Brazil and Zimbabwe, where it is used as a strategy to gain ground for housing and farming in the urban and rural sectors respectively.
“The African National Congress had an opportunity to redress the issues of the past and give poor black people the right to access land but its 24 years down the line, and they clearly have failed,” Abahlali baseMjondolo Movement South Africa general secretary Thapelo Mohapi said in an interview with The Daily Vox.
“Now that the ANC have lost credibility among the millions of people in this country, they're bringing back the question of land,” Mohapi said.
He said the motion to review section 25 of the Constitution which deals with property and land expropriation which was passed in Parliament in March will make no impact even if it is amended because government does not implement everything that is in the Constitution.
“We believe that it is time for black people to occupy unused land and use it for their benefit: build their houses, plant food, and use it for survival. We believe that the social value of land must come before its commercial value – survival before profit. In Parliament they are talking of land for profit, we are talking about land for survival,” Mohapi said.
Abahlali does not believe land should be in the custodianship of one individual or the government. When political parties like the ANC and the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) speak about land expropriation without compensation, they're mainly concerned with private property – taking land from white elites and giving it to black elites, Mohapi said. Or in the case of the EFF, transferring ownership of the land to the state.
“It should be peopled themselves who decide how the land should be used. Land should be discussed by grassroot movements – the occupation of land is also urban planning from below. When people occupy unused land in the cities like we have done, it is for the benefit of those who are landless, those who were deprived by the colonial system and further deprived by the apartheid system,” said Mohapi.
Members of Abahlali have faced state repression, state torture, and to date nine members have been killed by invasion units or hitmen by the local ANC government, Mohapi said. Local ward councillors have politicised the issue further by sowing discord and blaming the existence of informal settlements on foreign nationals.
There has also been a political call for land occupation. Earlier this month, the EFF's commander-in-chief Julius Malema said at a rally on land expropriation in Thembalethu, George: “When we say occupy the land, we don't say do an illegal thing. It is a right thing to do because it is your land. How do you say we are wrong by asking people to go and occupy what belongs to them?” he said to a sea of cheering supporters.
Malema has been in and out of court where he is facing charges relating to his calls for illegal land occupation. The EFF leader faces charges of contravening the Riotous Assemblies Act after calling for fighters to occupy land at the EFF elective conference in Bloemfontein in 2014.
“Legally the situation is that you can be deemed a trespasser if you occupy someone else's property without their permission,” Professor Ben Cousins, National Research Foundation (NRF) chairperson in the Institute for Poverty, Land and Agrarian Studies at the University of the Western Cape said in an interview with The Daily Vox.
“In practice, if it's an empty piece of land and you want to establish an informal settlement, it's often difficult for the government or the private owner to have them evicted.”
There are grey areas within the law – the state or private landowners have an obligation to find homeless people alternative accommodation before expelling them.
Both Brazil and Zimbabwe have used land occupation as a tactic to acquire urban and rural land respectively.
Urban land occupation in Brazil
Housing is a pressing concern for many of the urban Brazilian population. The Homeless Workers' Movement has become one of the largest social movements in the country. Despite the 2009 My House, My Life programme designed to help families buy their first home, 11 million Brazilians live in favelas or slums. The two major sporting tournaments the country hosted – the 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro – kindled evictions from the favelas and an acceleration in gentrification processes which pushed up rent especially in informal communities in highly sought-after areas on the property market.
The working class was pushed from the periphery, farther away from their where they work, in cities plagued by endless traffic.This coincided with the economic crisis and rising unemployment. It was also accompanied with police brutality and the emergence of paramilitary groups that had taken control over a large part of the favelas in Rio de Janeiro.
The Luta Popular movement, a grassroots movement for land-use planning, emerged in 2011. It's fundamental tool to protest these injustices is occupation: it identifies unoccupied land and establishes the social function of the property by housing families in it as per the constitutional principle to establish the social function of property. This is followed by the collective process of setting up a school and catering for other needs not covered by the state through self-management.
Rural land occupation in Zimbabwe
Despite how “ending up like Zimbabwe” sends chills up the spines of certain South Africans, our neighbouring countries land reform – which arose from occupation – has been relatively successful. In 2000, the white farms in the country were mostly under-used and war veterans were tired of then-President Robert Mugabe's inaction. The war veterans – of which current President Emmerson Mnangagwa hails from – moved against him, carefully organising a campaign over the Easter weekend that year, where 3 000 huge white-owned farms were occupied by 170 000 Zimbabwean families.
Initially, Mugabe opposed the move, but quickly reversed his position when he saw the popularity of the occupation – and happily took the blame for the occupation by the British press and media. His government legalised the occupation and small farms were marked out on the formerly white-owned land. The new farmers received scant support which was exacerbated by the poor economy and hyperinflation of the 2000s.
But the 146 000 smaller farmers with six hectares of land saved, reinvested, and became highly productive – creating over 800 000 jobs. Vibrant market towns have grown up around the land reform farms, development economist Ian Scoones points out.
About 23 000 medium-sized farmers with land of 10 to 50 hectares had limited capital to get going and farmed only part of their land. Their limited production did not earn enough revenue to buy the fertiliser and tractors needed for the larger farms. When Mnangagwa was still the country's vice president, he spearheaded the Command Agriculture programme which was aimed at this group. With this programme, government provided seed, fertiliser, tractors, and fuel for ploughing – and the cost was deducted from the sale price of the maize and the programme more than doubled its credit in their maize production. In fact, Zimbabwe produced more maize in 2017 than was ever grown by white farmers. Zimbabwe's other success has been tobacco, which generated US $576m in 2017 – mainly by land reform farmers.
The negative perception of Zimbabwean land reform “is an ongoing refusal of lazy people in the media and people with ideologies in the policy process to engage with the evidence,” Cousins said. It suits certain kinds of narratives, “the narrative that we need to protect private property at all costs, that only large-scale farming is productive, that smallholder farming is inherently inefficient and unprofitable,” he said.
This doesn't mean that land reform in Zimbabwe has been wholly successful. There are some real problems in Zimbabwe, Cousins said. One is that earnings from horticultural export-oriented crops – like fruit and flowers – which were farmed before the occupations have disappeared. This does contribute to the shortage of foreign currency in their economy – which is a major problem in their economy.
Cousins does not think it is likely that rural land occupations will take off in South Africa the way it had in Zimbabwe.
“Perhaps we will see a different occupation which might happen as a form of political protest,” he said.
This could happen with a number of land activists occupying a piece of land on a symbolic level saying its restitution claims are valid and unresolved, and need attention to be implemented. Activists might occupy the land, put up tents, wave signs and flags, and then peacefully and strategically retreat once the protest has captured the attention of the media, the wider society, and key policymakers. Either way, occupation could play a key role in the conversations about land to come.
Featured image by Ashraf Hendricks via GroundUp
The post Why Land Occupations Play A Key Role In Land Reform appeared first on The Daily Vox.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Daily Vox. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with him at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
She adds that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott himself starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
Two families are joined together by the sound of one beating heart in this lifesaving story of organ donation.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on his Instagram account next to a video poster of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together over the last few days, and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though Las Vegas oddsmakers have made Mayweather a heavy 10-1 favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
The fight will be televised on pay-per-view on Showtime and would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Former Vice President Al Gore and Apple Vice President of Environment, Policy and Social Initiatives Lisa Jackson are teaming up for a climate-focused discussion at Apple's Union Square store in San Francisco on Wednesday, April 19th. The two will talk about climate optimism, Earth Day initiatives, and more. The event is free, but you need to RSVP to attend. Their discussion starts at 7PM pacific time and odds are it'll fill up quickly. If you want to attend, head over to Apple's website and RSVP now.
Check It Out: Al Gore, Lisa Jackson Discussing Climate at San Francisco Apple Store on April 19
Sports News of Tuesday, 15 August 2017
Source: footballmadeinghana.com
2017-08-15
Joe Louis
Former Kumasi Asante Kotoko and Accra Hearts of Oak winger Joe Louis says he is not done yet and still has lots of football in him though the media are trying to retire him.
The cunning dribbler indicated that the Ghanaian media have always branded experienced players as old people which really affect them though they had what it takes to play.
“I am very strong and active to play competitive soccer but the media always condemn experience players and label them as too old to play,” Louis told footballmadeinghana.com
“I still have some few years ahead of me to play active football but the media will do everything possible to condemn me and put in the minds of the public that I am old and have nothing better to offer,”
|”In Europe is not like that the as old players are the crowd puller who rather bring the fans to the stadium.”
Louis currently features for second division side Kakyire FC.
By 2050, there will be 2 billion members of the world over the age of 60 and the ability for those people to stay mentally fit is a big concern. As there are few available treatments for protecting brain health, is exercise part of the answer? If so, what “dose” should the doctor's prescription pad recommend?
Researchers at the University of Miami looked at 98 studies (more than 11,000 people in all) of “couch potatoes” who were all over 60 years old. Based on the Mini-Mental Status Examination -- a “mental fitness” scale used by primary care providers -- people were placed into three categories: healthy adults, those with mild cognitive impairment, and those with dementia. In all the studies, people began to exercise at various intensities for different amounts of time and then they were evaluated again.
We usually hear how much “a day” or “a week” we're supposed to exercise, but this analysis has good news for people who want to begin exercising and can't make it a daily habit.
STOCK PHOTO/Getty Images
"Exercise did make a difference in improved brain power," Dr. Joyce Gomes-Osman, the study's author and the director of the Neuromotor Plasticity Laboratory and assistant professor of physical therapy and neurology at the Miller School of Medicine, told ABC News.
Researchers found that what seemed to matter was the total hours of exercise. People who exercise for at least an hour at a time for a total of 52 hours over an average of six months, showed increased mental performance when tested for improvements in the ability to remember, learn, plan, concentrate, reason, and problem solve. Additionally, improvements were seen in those with and without cognitive impairment.
No need to limit yourself to 52 hours over that six-month period, since the data suggests there may be benefits beyond this level.
STOCK PHOTO/Getty Images
Gomes-Osman suggested to "consider your exercise routine a point system where the goal is to reach at least 52 hours, and once you hit that mark, you should benefit from cognitive gain [brain health].”
It's the total number of hours of exercise over six months that seems to matter the most, she added.
The exercise doesn't have to be strenuous, either. Low-intensity exercise, like walking, showed the same benefit as a moderate or high activity, like running, biking, or weightlifting. Everyone over 60 years old may not have the strength, cardiovascular abilities, or desire to do a hard workout, but most can walk or swim.
No correlation was found in exercise time in minutes, amount of sessions per week, or total weeks -- just in hours over the long term.
STOCK PHOTO/Getty Images
"There is a large body of evidence that already links exercise to brain health," Gomes-Osman told ABC.
So, what does the exercise prescription look like?
Always discuss with a doctor before starting an exercise routine, but starting slow is encouraged. Work your way up to an hour at a time, and keep at it. Long-term exposure over a number of months seems to be the key to promoting a healthy brain.
Eric M. Ascher, DO, is a third-year family medicine resident from New York working in the ABC News medical unit.
BBNaija! Why I brought trouble to the house – Cee-c reveals
Former Big Brother Naija 2018 housemate, Cee-c has revealed why she was very controversial and brought trouble to the reality show. The lawyer, who was at loggerheads with different housemates in the reality show at different times, said she brought ‘Double Wahala' to the show because she saw the theme as ‘trouble'. Speaking on […]
The post BBNaija! Why I brought trouble to the house – Cee-c reveals appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
age 87, Forest
Services for Jack Cramer will begin at 11 a.m. Tuesday at Clark Shields Funeral Home, Forest. Interment with military honors conducted by the Upper Sandusky Veterans Color Guard will follow at Hueston Cemetery, Forest.
Friends may call 2-8 p.m. Monday and one hour prior to services at the funeral home.
He died Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 at his residence.
A full obituary will be in Monday's paper.
Kehlani just dropped “Again,” a sweet acoustic ditty that, according to Kehlani herself, is completely unmixed. “Again” was produced by Geoffro, the same producer behind the singer's similarly-acoustic “Honey.” Though Kehlani has yet to announce a formal follow-up to her studio debut album SweetSexySavage, she's kept a steady flow of music coming with “Honey,” “Again,” and the electronic Fifty Shades-esque “Touch.”
“Again” will hit streaming services next week. Listen to the raw track from Soundcloud below.
By Tendai Kamhungira
Former minister in the then vice president Joice Mujuru's office, Flora Buka has been dragged to the High Court after failing to pay $87 000 owed to Paperhole Investments (Private) Limited.
According to court papers, Buka signed an acknowledgement of debt, which has become the basis for the court application.
“Plaintiff's claim against the defendant (Buka) is based on a liquid document in the form of an acknowledgement of debt duly executed by and between the defendant and plaintiff on the 14th of September 2016.
“In terms of the acknowledgment of debt, the defendant acknowledged its indebtedness to the plaintiff in the sum of $87 267,01, which amount was to be repaid in full on or before the 31st of December 2016,” the court heard.
The origins of the debt were not stated in the court papers, except a copy of the acknowledgement of debt and reference to the same document.
According to the acknowledgement of debt document, in the event of a default in payment, interest would continue to be levied at the computed rate of one percent per month, calculated from September 14, 2016.
“The defendant has failed to tender payment as agreed or at all, towards liquidating the sums owed and is therefore in breach of the acknowledgment of debt.
“Despite demand, the defendant has failed, refused and/or neglected to pay the amount claimed despite being liable to do so,” the court was told.
The matter, which has been brought for a provisional sentence will be heard today before High Court judge Jester Charewa.
In terms of the acknowledgment of debt document, there was not going to be any variation of the agreement unless reduced to writing and signed by the debtor and creditor.
“In the event of the debtor failing to pay any amount as and when it becomes due hereunder, then the creditor shall have the right without notice to claim and recover the whole of the capital sum and interest, or the balance thereof the outstanding, together with costs and collection charges and to institute legal proceedings against the debtor.
“The debtor shall be liable for the legal costs of such action on the scale of attorney and client,” part of the acknowledgment of debt reads.
Buka has no yet respondent to the application. Daily News
Bennett was at least the third prominent N.F.L. player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist, continuing his approach from last season following the decision by Colin Kaepernick, then the San Francisco 49ers' quarterback, to kneel during the anthem.
Asked about players who did not stand for the anthem before preseason games, N.F.L. Commissioner Roger Goodell said that while the playing of the anthem is a special moment to him, “we also have to understand the other side.” Goodell made the comments at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Ariz., during a question-and-answer period with Arizona Cardinals club seat holders.
NEW BILLS RECEIVER IS HURT The revamped group of Buffalo Bills receivers is suddenly down a key addition, with Jordan Matthews sidelined indefinitely because of a chip fracture in his sternum. The Bills list Matthews, who was injured during his first practice since joining the team in a trade with the Philadelphia Eagles, as week to week.
FALCONS' FREEMAN TO MISS PRESEASON GAME Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman has concussion symptoms and has been ruled out for this week's preseason game at Pittsburgh.
BASEBALL
Encarnacion Helps Indians Top Red Sox
Edwin Encarnacion homered twice to help the American-League-Central-leading Cleveland Indians earn their fourth straight victory, 7-3 over the Red Sox in Boston.
In a rematch of a 2016 A.L. division series, which Cleveland won in a three-game sweep, Trevor Bauer (11-8) struck out 11 over six and two-thirds innings. He allowed three runs — all on solo homers by Red Sox rookies. Rafael Devers had two and Andrew Benintendi one.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Indians improved to a season-high five games in front of the second-place Minnesota Twins, who were idle. The Red Sox lost for just the second time in 12 games, and their lead in the A.L. East was trimmed to four and a half games over the Yankees.
STANTON HITS 43RD HOMER Giancarlo Stanton hit his team-record 43rd home run, connecting in his fifth straight game and sending the Marlins over the San Francisco Giants, 8-3, in Miami. Stanton broke the club mark of 42 homers set by Gary Sheffield in 1996. Stanton has homered 22 times in his last 34 games.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
TENNIS
Federer Withdraws From Ohio Event
The Wimbledon champion Roger Federer withdrew from the Western & Southern Open because of a back injury. He has won that Masters series tournament in Mason, Ohio, seven times. The event, a United States Open warm-up, has now lost five of the six top-ranked men.
Federer, a 19-time major champion, said in a statement he tweaked his back last week at the Rogers Cup in Montreal, where he lost Sunday's final to Alexander Zverev.
Federer, ranked No. 3, is sidelined along with No. 1 Andy Murray, No. 4 Stan Wawrinka, No. 5 Novak Djokovic and No. 6 Marin Cilic, the defending champion. Only No. 2 Rafael Nadal, the top-seeded player, remains in the draw.
Federer's withdrawal means Nadal, who lost in the third round at Montreal, will return to No. 1 when new ATP rankings are released Aug. 21. Nadal, of Spain, will be No. 1 for the first time since July 6, 2014.
PRO BASKETBALL
N.B.A. Releases Its Full Schedule
DeMarcus Cousins will make an early-season trip back to Sacramento, while Gordon Hayward will wait almost all season to see Utah again. Chris Paul's return to his old Clippers home is part of a Martin Luther King Jr. Day triple-header that includes another N.B.A. finals rematch, while Paul George and Jimmy Butler also learned the dates of their return games when the N.B.A. released its full 2017-18 schedule — which for the first time requires no team to play four games in five nights.
The league had unveiled its opening-week national TV games and its five-game Christmas schedule last week. Opening night is Oct. 17, the earliest the regular season has started in 37 years.
Cousins will return to Sacramento to play for the first time since the Kings traded him to New Orleans last February when the Pelicans visit Oct. 26 as part of a TNT doubleheader. From there, it's another five months until Hayward plays in Salt Lake City for the first time since he joined the Boston Celtics as a free agent in July. The Celtics visit the Jazz on March 28 for an ESPN game.
Other nights of note: George travels back to Indiana on Dec. 13 for the first time since the Pacers surprisingly dealt him to Oklahoma City; and Butler, another All-Star who went East to West in the summer, takes the Timberwolves into Chicago on Feb. 9.
EMI Nashville
The RX is Uproxx Music's stamp of approval for the best albums, songs, and music stories throughout the year. Inclusion in this category is the highest distinction we can bestow, and signals the most important music being released throughout the year. The RX is the music you need, right now.
If you read music criticism in the '00s, you were conditioned to fear a certain group of people frequently cited for angry, reactionary judgments. I refer to “hipsters,” a faceless hoard distinguished by their “skinny jeans” and “horn-rimmed glasses” as well as a tendency to get really upset whenever a “cool” indie band made pop-sounding records.
For a while overcoming the sourness of mythical hipsters — who, if they ever really existed, were marginalized to the depths of comment boards and egg-avatar Twitter at the dawn of the '10s — was a crucial narrative for underground artists looking to seize upon a mainstream audience. Because there are few stories that music fans enjoy more than seeing snobs put in their place, even when it's abundantly clear that snobs have a fraction as much power and influence as, say, corporate-backed streaming platforms. Tweaking hipsters will always seem noble. It feels like punching up, no matter if you're actually punching the air.
Lately, a version of the “judgmental hipster” stereotype has been recurring in reviews and profiles of critically adored and semi-popular country artists. Coverage of Kacey Musgraves' excellent third album, Golden Hour, often included swipes at “purists” who supposedly dropped their monocles over Musgraves' delectably twangy update of Fleetwood Mac's Tango In The Night period.
Ah yes, the purists — those backward-looking troglodytes who think country music went to hell when Hank Williams perished in the back of that baby blue Cadillac. When was the last time you read or heard from a person of consequence who actually believed that? Pardon me for squinting into the dimmest corners of the dwindling blogosphere in order to find anyone who still resembles a purist. Are there old-school grouches who turn their nose up at pop-country tunes that cannily integrate synthesizers and vocoders? Of course. But has that has any real impact on Musgraves, who is among the most well-reviewed country artists of the decade? Of course not.
Seriously: Who are the figureheads for “purity” in country music these days anyway? Chris Stapleton and Sturgill Simpson? The former makes soul-tinged southern-rock records, and the latter is a psychedelic prankster who loves Tool and Skrillex. Jason Isbell? He is John Prine trapped in the body of Bruce Springsteen. Any of the acclaimed singer-songwriters — Margo Price, John Moreland, Colter Wall, Tyler Childers — that get lumped under the country umbrella? They're all children of outlaw icons like Kris Kristofferson and Townes Van Zandt, who led country away from its roots and imbued the music with a poetic, Dylanesque sensibility. Even the purists don't seem so pure these days.
Last week, a battery of good-to-great country albums further illustrated the uselessness of the pop-vs.-purist binary. Ashley Monroe put out another beautiful, strings-laden folk-pop record, Sparrow, that sounds like the sweetest AM radio station of 1974, though she's probably still best known as Miranda Lambert's sidekick in the supergroup Pistol Annies. Old Crow Medicine Show reaffirmed its reputation as the scrappiest and most invigorating string band on the planet with the boisterous Volunteer, though the inclusion of electric guitar (a first for OCMS since 2004) gives the album a decisive rock edge. Even hickory-voiced Joshua Hedley, a dyed-in-the-wool Countrypolitan throwback signed to Third Man Records who poses in a Nudie suit on the cover of his debut Mr. Jukebox, can't bring himself to take potshots at Luke Bryan.
While Missouri U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill and potential GOP rival U.S. Rep. Ann Wagner collect millions of dollars in campaign donations, many Missouri officials are raising far less as they adjust to new state campaign donation limits.
Amendment 2 limits statewide officials and Missouri legislators from accepting individual donations of more than $2,600 per election. State campaign reports from Jan. 1 to March 31 due Monday document the impact since the constitutional amendment went into effect Dec. 8.
Secretary of State Jay Ashcroft, for example, reported raising $137,457 since Dec. 4 (a timeframe that was broader than other campaign reports filed before the deadline). But three-quarters of his money — $100,000 — came from a GOP donor who made the single contribution the day before the new restrictions took effect.
State Auditor Nicole Galloway, a Democrat seeking election in 2018, appeared to have one of the strongest quarter among the statewide candidates — $152,136 since Jan. 1, with a total bank account of $381,662.
McCaskill, Wagner set strong pace
Members of Congress must comply with federal individual donation limits of $2,700 per election. But that hasn't deterred McCaskill or Wagner, who've been prolific money-raisers.
Copies of their campaign finance reports sent to reporters ahead of Monday's deadline showed McCaskill, a Democrat, raised $2.81 million since Jan. 1. She has about $3.05 million in the bank, and her expenses for the period totaled $540,000.
Wagner, meanwhile, reported raising $2.17 million during the past three months, and has $2.77 million in the bank. She has spent just under $205,000 so far this year.
McCaskill already has announced her plans to run for a third term in 2018. Wagner, a Republican from Ballwin, long has been considered a possible challenger but hasn't telegraphed her plans.
But Republican activists predict she will need to so within the next few months, especially considering that some major Republican donors are encouraging new state Attorney General Josh Hawley to run the U.S. Senate.
The Republican's latest report shows that he has raised only $3,831 since Jan. 1. But his total bank account has almost $1.07 million in it that's left over from his 2016 campaign.
Hawley won't be able to use any of his state-raised money for a Senate bid, because of different campaign-finance laws governing state and federal candidates. He would have to set up a new federal campaign committee.
Follow Jo on Twitter: @jmannies
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked his sold-out Auburn Hills, MI audience on Saturday (August 12) when he announced he will donate $1 million from the show's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims.
Related: Bruno Mars Releases ‘Versace on the Floor' Video Starring Zendaya
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
There is not, and never has been, a Red Notice for Bill Browder. Mr Browder is not wanted via INTERPOL channels. https://t.co/8zI3IepOMh
How Senator Dino Melaye Allegedly Jumps Out Of Police Vehicle, Flees Into Bush Enroute Kogi
Embattled Senator Dino Melaye, who was arrested on Tuesday by SARS operaive, have reportedly jumped out of a Police moving vehicle conveying him to Kogi state and ran into a thick bush. According to Daily Sun reports: “In what was like a typical Sylvester Stallone film, on Tuesday afternoon in Abuja, embattled senator, Dino Melaye, […]
The post How Senator Dino Melaye Allegedly Jumps Out Of Police Vehicle, Flees Into Bush Enroute Kogi appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- Indian National Congress party on Monday named Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty, as party president.
Gandhi was elected to the post unopposed and succeeds his mother, Sonia Gandhi, for the top job in the party.
Sonia Gandhi has led the party for 19 years. She has had health problems over the last few years, but the family and party have released little information about them.
The 47-year old politician entered politics in 2004 and is a member of India's Parliament. He was appointed party vice president in 2013.He has now become the sixth member of the Nehru-Gandhi family to lead Congress, while his father Rajiv Gandhi, his grandmother Indira Gandhi and his great-grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru have served as prime minister since India's independence from British colonialists in 1947.
Clayton Kershaw, raked for four home runs. Corey Kluber, clubbed. Chris Sale, swatted. Luis Severino, slammed.
This is October, right? The time when All-Star aces excel?
“I mean, I really don't know. You kind of have seen it with every game,” Arizona lefty Robbie Ray said Friday.
“The starting pitcher has kind of given up — maybe it's emotions. Maybe hiding emotions throughout the post-season, whereas in a regular-season game those emotions aren't there,” he said. “But I don't know if there's anything physically different. It's still baseball.”
Add Zack Greinke and Drew Pomeranz to this week's early exit club, too.
“I've noticed,” said Dodgers lefty Rich Hill, set to face Ray and the Diamondbacks in Game 2 Saturday.
Not everyone has been adversely affected.
Stephen Strasburg took a no-hitter into the sixth inning of Washington's opener. Kyle Hendricks was sharp for the Cubs and Astros teammates Justin Verlander and Dallas Keuchel did well enough to give Houston a 2-0 lead in its AL Division Series matchup against Boston.
But Kluber, Sale and Severino — the top three AL pitchers in ERA this season — have been erratic in these playoffs. Their combined totals in three starts: eight innings, 16 earned runs on 20 hits.
Sale led the majors in strikeouts this year and was chomping at the chance to make his post-season debut. Facing the high-powered Astros, the Boston lefty was tagged for three homers, three doubles and seven runs over five-plus innings in Game 1.
“It happens,” Sale said, adding, “terrible time for it to happen.”
Kluber, favoured by many to win a second AL Cy Young Award, was rocked for six runs and seven hits by the Yankees on Friday. The Cleveland righty was chased in the third inning.
“Kluber finally looking like he's human,” Indians star Francisco Lindor said after a 9-8 win in 13 innings.
Severino had the roughest start of them all. Picked to pitch the AL wild-card game for the Yankees, the 23-year-old gave up two quick home runs to Minnesota and was pulled after getting only one out.
And then there's Kershaw, who became the first Dodger to give up four homers in a post-season game ever — although he still got the win in Los Angeles' 9-5 victory over Arizona in Game 1.
Aces in the hole, for sure.
And unexpected in a post-season featuring 11 Cy Young Award winners.
“I can't really put, obviously, a theory to why pitchers are getting out or it's just not going the way for starting pitchers,” Hill said.
Twins starter Ervin Santana also got bounced fast in the wild-card loss to the Yankees.
“Common threads? I think that hitters have been aggressive and just kind of mislocation,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “Guys are taking good at-bats, they're spoiling pitches. Pitch counts are getting way up there.”
“That's the great thing about this game though, it's just so unpredictable,” he said.
To Arizona manager Torey Lovullo, a lot of credit goes to Paul Goldschmidt, Jose Altuve and other top hitters. Especially when they're facing pitchers who might be a bit tired.
“October baseball is the best thing in the world, as far as I'm concerned. I think these players feel it for so long that maybe they walk out on the mound, give what they can, and their tank is emptied a little sooner than later,” Lovullo said.
“And you have so many things you're walking into today. With today's players, they're able to equip themselves with all sorts of information, video, advance scouting. They can direct their own swings and prepare their own swings to attack starting pitching. I think there are a lot of things that go into that,” he said.
BOYNTON BEACH, Fla. (AP) – A federal wildlife refuge in Florida is setting traps for pythons to protect against the voracious invasive snake.
Burmese pythons have infested Everglades National Park. In a Palm Beach Post report, officials said no pythons have been spotted farther north in the Arthur R. Marshall Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge. But the refuge's managers aren't taking any chances.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife biologist Rebekah Gibble said the refuge is “working feverishly to develop other methods of control” to prevent pythons from moving in.
Five-foot-long (1.5-meter-long) traps patented by the U.S. Department of Agriculture are being placed at the refuge's southern perimeter. Employees bait and check the traps daily, while trail cameras monitor wildlife movement and interest.
Gibble says refuge managers hope the traps will be “a way for cost-effective python control.”
PITTSBURGH — The weather keeps wreaking havoc on the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Detroit Tigers.
Steady rain at PNC Park on Tuesday forced the clubs to postpone a game for the third time in the first month of the season.
The game was the 28th postponement in the majors this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986. Baltimore and Tampa Bay were also rained out on Tuesday.
Detroit and Pittsburgh will make up the game with a straight doubleheader on Wednesday starting at 4:05 p.m.
This is the second time the teams will play a doubleheader this season and the third time they've had to reschedule due to weather. Wintry conditions pushed back opening day at Comerica Park on March 29 and their game on March 31 was also postponed. Pittsburgh swept a doubleheader from the Tigers on April 1. Detroit also had two games against the New York Yankees wiped out earlier this month.
Pittsburgh will send out Jameson Taillon (2-1, 2.86) in Game 1 against Detroit's Jordan Zimmermann (1-0, 7.71). Chad Kuhl (2-1, 4.57), who had been scheduled to start on Tuesday and was originally slated to take the hill for the opener of the doubleheader, will face Matthew Boyd (0-1, 1.40) in the nightcap.
The Pirates have dropped six of seven following a hot start, while the Tigers have won five of seven.
Pittsburgh's offence has cooled off during its current slide and manager Clint Hurdle believes his team's struggles are part of a somewhat larger trend, one the weather is impacting. There could be more strikeouts than hits across the majors in a month for the first time, and Hurdle pointed to frigid temperatures as an issue.
"This has been the most challenging weather I've ever been a part of, and I'm not playing," said Hurdle, who spent a decade in the majors as a player from 1977-87 before going into coaching. "It's hard to hit when it's cold."
Pittsburgh had more strikeouts than hits in each game while dropping a four-game set with Philadelphia last week. Hurdle pointed to his own experiences as a player as proof that when conditions aren't ideal, hitting can become painful.
SILVERSTONE, England — Struggling Formula One outfit McLaren has accepted Eric Boullier's resignation as racing director and announced a restructured of its leadership.
Boullier, who joined the British team in 2014, had overseen its worst run across its 52-year history. McLaren has not won a race since 2012 and hasn't landed a podium position in more than four years.
McLaren says in a statement that former IndyCar champion Gil de Ferran has been appointed to the new role of sporting director. Simon Roberts will oversee production, engineering and logistics, and Andrea Stella has been promoted to performance director, responsible for trackside operations. Stella had joined McLaren with Fernando Alonso from Ferrari.
McLaren chief executive Zak Brown says the team's performance this year “has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren” and that “the causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery.”
McLaren is sixth in the constructors' championship, 203 points behind leader Ferrari. McLaren driver Fernando Alonso is eighth in the drivers' standings with 36 points.
The British Grand Prix takes place on Sunday.
TULSA, Okla. (AP) — Testimony began Monday in the trial of an Oklahoma man charged with first-degree murder and a hate crime in the slaying of his Lebanese neighbor.
Stanley Vernon Majors, 63, is accused in the August 2016 killing of 37-year-old Khalid Jabara. In opening statements to Majors' 12-member jury, prosecutors alleged Majors acted out of jealousy amplified by racist views.
"It's about jealousy and hate," Assistant District Attorney Becky Johnson said. Johnson said Majors' resentment toward Jabara and the rest of his family became amplified by his dislike of people of color.
Prosecutors say Majors fatally shot Jabara after bombarding him and his family for years with racial epithets, including "filthy Lebanese" and "Moo-slems." The Jabaras are Christian.
Majors' defense attorney, assistant public defender Travis Smith, told jurors that Majors had untreated schizophrenia. Defense attorneys have indicated they will present a defense based on Majors' mental health, although Majors was previously found competent to stand trial.
The first witnesses to testify in the case included 911 operators and a neighbor who testified she heard Khalid Jabara being attacked.
Majors' has pleaded not guilty to the charges. His jury was seated on Friday following a week of jury selection and prosecutors have said his trial could last two weeks.
Not that you may necessarily mind. Earlier rumors had the new Surface starting at $400 without a keyboard -- it's aimed at students and people who would otherwise buy an iPad or a similarly affordable slate, not someone who wants a do-it-all workhorse. Dial your expectations down a notch and this may be fine for taking notes or catching up on Netflix.
Microsoft hasn't said anything about the tablet yet, but the FCC filings and growing leaks suggest that it's right around the corner. It's just as well, since Microsoft almost certainly wants to reel in the back-to-school crowd.
The Register's All-County boys lacrosse team for 2017.
FIRST TEAM
JORDAN PAKZAD
Corona del Mar, Defender, Sr.
The Register's player of the year.
CHASE LYNCH
Santa Margarita, Face-off specialist, Sr.
Lynch, who was second-team All-County last year, won 73 percent of his face-off draws and had 52 ground balls with eight forced turnovers. He scored five goals with two assists. Lynch will play next season at Division III Denison University.
NICK LEMUS
San Clemente, Attack, Sr.
Lemus was the South Coast League player of the year and helped the Tritons win the league title and advance to the Orange County semifinals. Lemus scored 38 goals with 58 assists. Lemus was second team All-County last year. He is headed to the Air Force.
The Register's All-County boys lacrosse team from top row left: Foothill's Ellis Geis, Corona del Mar's Jordan Pakzad, Nick Puglia, Will Favreau, Santa Margarita's Chase Lynch, Quentin Buchman, San Clemente's David Howren, Foothill's George Dalis, and El Toro's Tyler Collins. Bottom row from left: Foothill's Tony Delcrognale, Cole Falbo, Corona del Mar's Kyle Cord, Brennan Greenwald, Sachin Gokhale, St. Margaret's Kevin Groeninger, San Clemente's Nick Lemus, Beckman's Justin Cheng, Santa Margarita's Garrett Caruso, and Servite's Hayden Rodenbeck. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Jordan Pakzad is the Register's boys lacrosse player of the year. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Foothill head coach Jon Fox is this year's All-County boys lacrosse coach of the year. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
This year's All-County boys lacrosse team from top row left: Foothill's Ellis Geis, Corona del Mar's Jordan Pakzad, Nick Puglia, Will Favreau, Santa Margarita's Chase Lynch, Quentin Buchman, San Clemente's David Howren, Foothill's George Dalis, and El Toro's Tyler Collins. Bottom row from left: Foothill's Tony Delcrognale, Cole Falbo, Corona del Mar's Kyle Cord, Brennan Greenwald, Sachin Gokhale, St. Margaret's Kevin Groeninger, San Clemente's Nick Lemus, Beckman's Justin Cheng, Santa Margarita's Garrett Caruso, and Servite's Hayden Rodenbeck. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Jordan Pakzad is this year's boys lacrosse player of the year. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Kyle Cord is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Brennan Greenwald is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Will Favreau is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Sachin Gokhale is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Corona del Mar's Nick Puglia is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Foothill's Ellis Geis is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Foothill's George Dalis is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Foothill's Tony Delcrognale is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Quentin Buchman is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Garrett Caruso is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Chase Lynch is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente's Nick Lemus is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente's David Howren is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Servite's Hayden Rodenbeck is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
El Toro's Tyler Collins is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
St. Margaret's Kevin Groeninger is selected to this year's All-County boys lacrosse team. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Orange County Register/SCNG)
KEVIN GROENINGER
St. Margaret's, Attack, So.
Groeninger was one of several young players that helped the Tritons reach the O.C. semifinals. He finished with 109 points (55 goals, 54 assists) and picked up 38 ground balls. He was a 43-percent shooter.
ELLIS GEIS
Foothill, Attack, Jr.
The University of Denver commits led the Knights with 63 goals and added 23 assists. Geis was strong all season, but the top highlight might have been his seven-goal, two-assist performance in the O.C. semifinals. He also had 58 ground balls and 12 takeaways. Geis second-team All-County selection last year.
SACHIN GOKHALE
Corona del Mar, Attack, Sr.
Gochale stepped into a larger role this season and he didn't disappoint. He was the leading scorer for the Sea Kings – 41 goals, 27 assists. Gokhale earned academic All-American honors from U.S. Lacrosse for the second consecutive year. He is headed to play at Cal Poly SLO.
DAVID HOWREN
San Clemente, Midfielder, Jr.
Howren was another important piece to the Tritons' successful season. He earned first-team all-South Coast League honors and finished the season with 46 goals and eight assists.
QUENTIN BUCHMAN
Santa Margarita, Midfielder, Jr.
Buchman is making his second consecutive appearance on the All-County first team. The junior was Trinity League MVP and led the Eagles to their second consecutive league title. Buchman scored 64 goals with 16 assists. He also had 25 ground balls, forced 18 turnovers and had six takeaways.
COLE FALBO
Foothill, Midfielder, Sr.
Falbo was a consistent contributor all season. In the semifinals and finals of the Orange County playoffs, Falbo scored five goals with three assists. He finished the season with 32 goals and 14 assists. Falbo also had 46 ground balls and 17 takeaways.
WILL FAVREAU
Corona del Mar, Midfielder, Sr.
Favreau scored 33 goals and added nine assists. Favreau earned All-American honors from U.S. Lacrosse, and he will continue his playing career at the University of Colorado. He was second-team All-County last season.
GEORGE DALIS
Foothill, Defender, Sr.
Dalis was everything the Foothill defense needed him to be this season. He had 119 ground balls, which included a season-high 11 against Corona del Mar in the O.C. final. He also had five takeaways in the final. He finished the season with 50. He was second-team All-County last season.
HAYDEN RODENBECK
Servite, Defender, Jr.
Rodenbeck helped Servite set a school record for victories (13) and win their first playoff game. Rodenbeck, who has committed to Utah, was selected Trinity League defensive MVP, making him the first Friar to receive the honor. Rodenbeck caused 50 turnovers and picked up 68 ground balls. He also added five goals with three assists.
BRENNAN GREENWALD
Corona del Mar, Defender, Sr.
Greenwald was one of the best defenders in the county. Greenwald will be playing Division I lacrosse next year at Drexel. He earned U.S. Lacrosse Academic All-America honors.
TONY DELCROGNALE
Foothill, Short-Stick defender, Sr.
Delcrognale was a key component for Foothill on defense. He was selected as Foothill's Specialist of the Year. Delcrognale finished the season with nine takeaways and 34 ground balls.
GARRETT CARUSO
Santa Margarita, Short-stick defender, Sr.
Caruso played a key role in an Eagles defense that allowed 7.4 goals a game. Caruso had 46 ground balls, four forced turnovers and four takeaways.
KYLE CORD
Corona del Mar, Goalie, So.
Cord took over the starting job and the Sea Kings didn't skip a beat. He posted a .660 save percentage and his GAA was under five goals a game. Cord had 181 saves this season.
JUSTIN CHENG
Beckman, Long-stick midfielder, Jr.
Cheng is making his second consecutive All-County first team appearance. Cheng earned Pacific Coast League MVP honors as he helped the Patriots to a fifth consecutive league title. Cheng, who is headed to Bryant University, had 137 ground balls and 63 takeaways. He also had 13 goals.
TYLER COLLINS
El Toro, Long-stick midfielder, Sr.
Collins earned first-team all-South Coast League honors. He has been a fixture for the Chargers on the field since he was a freshman. This year, he finished with 52 points (28 goals, 24 assists). He also had 42 ground balls and 12 takeaways. He has committed to play at Concordia University.
NICK PUGLIA
Corona del Mar, Face-off specialist, Sr.
Puglia had some big shoes to fill this year, as he replaced last year's county player of the year, Jason Simaan. Puglia turned in a fine season, winning 56 percent of his draws to get the Sea Kings offense on the attack. Puglia will play next year at the University of Colorado.
– DAMIAN CALHOUN
Friday, June 16
Metal Fatigue. The Ark Tavern, Brimington.
Blend. Shoulder of Mutton, Hasland.
Marcus Bonfanti. The Flowerpot, Derby.
Uncle Salty. The Fishpond, Matlock Bath.
R ‘n' FR. 10a High Street, Dronfield.
Joseph Knight. The Queen's Head, Belper.
Lil Jim and Caine Paisley. The Boat Inn, Cromford.
Saturday, June 17
Fake Festival with Bon Jovi Experience, Four Fighters, Antarctic Monkeys, The Nameless, The Wonderwhys, Angry Jesters, Heads Will Roll and Albany. Stand Road recreation ground, Whittington Moor, Chesterfield.
Bandfest with Ovacast, Under the Radar, Joint Decision (Alex Spacey), Towards the Sun, Powerline, Wickerman, Firewire, Bad Language and Blend. Hollingwood Hotel, Hollingwood, from 12 noon.
N-Trance, Stompin Tom and DJ Dwarfy. The Loft, Matlock.
Powerline. The Ark Tavern, Brimington.
Fuzzy Felt World. The Cheshire Cheese, Buxton.
Brad Nelson, singer. Buxton Conservative Club.
Damon Downs. The Britannia, New Tupton.
Robery Perry. The Shinnon, North Wingfield.
Speak and Spell (Depeche Mode tribute). The Flowerpot, Derby.
The Old Romantics. 10A High Street, Dronfield.
James Defoe. Alfreton Town Supporters Club, North Street, Alfreton.
Shane. The Enterprise Club, Station Road, Ilkeston.
Fahrenheit. New Whittington Social institute, Chesterfield.
Rattled. The Edgefold Club, Matlock.
Little Dog. The Fishpond, Matlock Bath.
Lisa Monroe. The Willow Tree, Pilsley.
Robbie Dixon. The Boundary, Lea Vale, Broadmeadows, South Normanton.
Jon Ryan. The Hilltop Club, Bolsover.
After Hours. The Butcher's Arms, Brimington.
San Fren. Brimington Social Club.
Pint Of Mild. Carnfield Club, South Normanton.
Bad Penny. The Harlequin, Sheffield.
Sunday, June 18
Julian Widdop and Julian Jones. The Ark Tavern, Brimington.
Ritchie Richards. Alfreton Town Supporters Club, North Street, Alfreton.
John Verity Band. Clowne Community Centre.
Wednesday, June 21
The Carnival hosts open mic night. 10a High Street, Dronfield.
The Application Of Bizarre Monetary And Fiscal Policies And The Nigerian Recession
Nigeria is truly an interesting Country. Within the space of 2 years it has moved from a country governed by a President completely incompetent on matters of security and warfare that Nigeria was on the verge of having a rebel group numbering no more than 1,000 men (and with little or no sources of income)…
The post The Application Of Bizarre Monetary And Fiscal Policies And The Nigerian Recession appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rich the Kid Takes Aim at Lil Uzi Vert in ‘Who Run It' Remix – Complex
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein declined Wednesday to testify before the New York grand jury that is weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges, with his lawyers saying there wasn't enough time to prepare and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
A statement issued through a Weinstein spokesman said the former movie mogul learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not. His request for more time was denied, the statement said.
"Finally, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said, referring to Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr.
His office declined to comment.
Weinstein was charged Friday with rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York, as a grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case; the panel has been at work for weeks. Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. Dozens more women have accused him of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and his lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear his name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her.
The other accuser in the case, former actress Lucia Evans, has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Notorious Kidnapper Makes Shocking Confessions, Reveals How Much Each Of His Victims Paid & Their Names
The notorious kidnapper arrested at the weekend, along with six members of his gang in Lagos, by police operatives from the intelligence teams has named some of his victims.
Chukwudidumeme Onuamadike, alias Evans, told detectives that though he could not remember the number of people he kidnapped or the amount of money he collected as ransom, he was, however, able to mention a few.
In Edo and Lagos states, he remembered kidnapping Mr. Mbarikatta William Uboma at Festac Town on June 16, 2012, where the sum of N20 million was collected as ransom before he was released.
A police classified document containing Evan's confessional statement revealed that Mr. Paul Cole from Ohafia in Abia State was also kidnapped by the gang on August 23, 2012, at Festac Town where N20m was also paid.
Mr. Mohammed Jamal, a Lebanese, who was kidnapped on August 19, 2012, at Ajah, paid N17m at Ojo area of Lagos to regain his freedom.
Evan's gang also kidnapped Mr. Kingsley Nwokenta on September 19, 2012, after he left Lebanon Bar in Festac Town and he had to pay N15m in addition to his black Toyota Venza car that he forfeited to the gang before he regained his freedom; just as the gang also claimed responsibility for the kidnap of Mr. Anthony Ozoanidobi on October 10, 2012, along Marwa Road in Satellite Town where N15m was paid before he was taken to Apple junction, Amuwo-Odofin in Lagos and released.
Evans further stated that his gang also kidnapped Mr. Leo Abraham in Lagos on August 20, 2012, and dumped him at Badagry Road in Lagos after he paid N15m.
However, Ojukwu Cosmas, who sells Toyota parts at Aspanda Trade Fair, who was kidnapped on January 21, 2016, at Festac Town was not too lucky as he had to pay $1m to secure his release.
James Uduji who was kidnapped by the gang at Seventh Avenue, Festac Town late last year paid $1.2m after being held for six weeks before he was released, while Chief Raymond Okoye Odu-Na–Ichida who was kidnapped in 2015 also paid $1m to regain his freedom after two months in captivity.
Uche Okoroafor, a trader at Alaba International Market, Lagos, was kidnapped by the gang in 2015 and held captive for three months before he was released after paying $1m, just as Elias Ukachukwu, who was kidnapped by the gang in November, 2015 also paid $1m for his release.
Francis Umeh, a spare parts dealer at Aspanda, was kidnapped in July 2016, at Raji Rasaki Estate and released after paying $1m to secure his release.
The gang, however, recorded a fatal loss when in 2013, in its attempt to kidnap Chief Vincent Obianudo, the owner of Young Shall Grow Motors, met with stiff resistance from the policemen attached to the chief. The police opened fire and killed two members of the gang.
Though the gang also killed a policeman and some of its members escaped, Chief Obianudo, who sustained bullet wounds during the attack, survived after several surgeries.
The last known victim of the gang in Lagos before it was smashed is Mr. Donatus Dunu, a pharmacist and importer of drugs, who was kidnapped on February 14, 2017, in Elupeju area of Lagos. The sum of N150m was paid by the victim's family to secure his release, but Evans collected the money and refused to release the victim, insisting that an additional N300m must be paid.
The gang regretted that Dunu escaped from Evans' detention camp in Igando on May 12, 2017, without paying the additional ransom.
In Edo State, the gang kidnapped Mr. Ohunyon Ernest in November 2011 and he had to pay N85m, just as Mr. Dan Odiete who was also kidnapped by the gang in Benin City in 2013, paid N100m to regain his freedom.
The owner of Uyi Technical who was kidnapped by Evan's gang in Benin City in 2013 paid N100m before he was released, while Tom, kidnapped in Benin in 2012, paid N100m to the gang.
The owner of Kings Paint was also kidnapped in Benin City in 2010 by the same gang and had to pay N40m to regain his freedom even as Mr. Randeki, who was kidnapped by the gang in 2010 paid N30m for his release.
Evans, who was nabbed by a combined team of police officers and men from the Intelligence Response Team (IRT) and the Technical Intelligence Unit (TIU) at his private residence in Magodo, Lagos, on June 10, was described by the police as a very intelligent suspect.
Other members of the gang that were also arrested at different locations include Felix Chinemerem, 36, from Arochukwu in Ohafia Local Government Area of Abia State, and Nwosu Chikodi Chukwuma, aka Sudo, 42, and is said to have over 20 years experience in armed robbery and about eight years experience in kidnapping.
Other arrested members of the gang are Uchechukwu Amadi from Anambra State who the police described as the head of Evans' detention camp, a female, Ogechi Amadi, said to be the woman that rented the house and cooks for the kidnappers and their victims in the camp.
The rest are Suoyo Paul, aka Nwana, 42, a native of Bayelsa State, and is said to be the one supplying the gang with rifles and ammunition, while Ikenna Emeka, 28, from Anambra State, said he participated in four kidnappings in Festac Town with Evans before Evans sacked him from the gang for stealing an expensive wrist watch and a ring from a victim without informing him.
The post Notorious Kidnapper Makes Shocking Confessions, Reveals How Much Each Of His Victims Paid & Their Names appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Growth lets farm businesses increase revenue and earnings, take advantage of economies of size, and better use the skills of current and future employees. But the Center for Commercial Agriculture at Purdue University encourages producers to ask these 10 questions first.
1Why grow?
Before growing, think about the strategic direction: Is the operation interested in a commodity-based strategy or a differentiated product strategy? A commodity product strategy focuses on cost control and a differentiated product strategy focuses on value-added production or receiving an above-average price for the farm's products.
2What are my options?
There are at least six growth alternatives available to farms: focusing or specializing in one activity, intensify or modernize current production, expanding, diversifying, replicating the business into multiple sites, and integrating.
3What influences growth?
Conduct an internal and external analysis of your farm business. An internal analysis identifies key resources, capabilities, and core competencies. Ask yourself whether your operation has unique resources that lead to a competitive advantage.
It's also important to examine the external environment or scan the horizon. What's the social environment and industry the farm faces? Think about key drivers facing the markets for the products you produce.
4Evaluating growth
The following eight criteria can be used in making the choice: strategic fit, expected returns, risk, capital required, the cost and ease of entry and exit, value creation, managerial requirements, and portfolio fit.
5What skills do I need?
Analyze the skills of current employees. How strong or weak are the workforce's production management skills, procurement and selling skills, financial management skills, personnel management skills, strategic positioning skills, relationship management skills, leadership skills, and risk management skills?
6How do I finance growth?
Besides using debt and equity (retained earnings), growth can be financed through leasing assets or joint ventures. It is also important to examine working capital funding.
7What business model do I use?
There are numerous business models that can be used to implement a growth strategy: organic or internal growth, merger or acquisition, franchise, joint venture or strategic alliance, service provider, asset or service outsourcer, agricultural entrepreneur, or investor. Traditionally, most farms use the organic or internal growth model.
8How will expansion impact my operation?
Use pro forma statements or projections to gauge how each option will impact the farm's balance sheet and income statement. Use at least three scenarios (worst case scenario, most likely scenario, best case scenario) when evaluating each growth option.
Particular focus should be given to how each growth option impacts the profit margin, the asset turnover ratio, and returns on investment and equity under each scenario.
9Start-up challenges
Start-up challenges can include construction delays, cash flow shortages, depleted working capital, and short-term operational inefficiencies and management bottlenecks. Cash flow and working capital requirements can vary substantially between growth options.
10What is my sustainable growth rate?
The sustainable growth rate is the maximum rate of growth that a farm can sustain without having to increase financial leverage or look for outside financing. The sustainable growth rate can be computed using information on earnings, retained earnings or savings, and business withdrawals.
Sources: Farm Growth: Challenges and Opportunities, Michael Boehlje and Michael Langemeier, Center for Commercial Agriculture, Purdue University.
Next week: 9 options for expanding the farm business.
(Farm and Dairy is featuring a series of “101” columns throughout the year to help young and beginning farmers master farm living. From finances to management to machinery repair and animal care, farmers do it all.)
More Farming 101 columns:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Sweetwater County Board of County Commissioners will meet on Tuesday, December 5, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. in the commissioners' chambers. Interested parties are encouraged to arrive 15 minutes earlier than the topic's scheduled time.
The Sweetwater County Commissioners meet at 8:30 a.m. on the first and third Tuesdays of every month.
The agenda is tentative and subject to change.
Below is the full agenda. The agenda can also be found online at: https://www.sweet.wy.us/ArchiveCenter/ViewFile/Item/753
The packet for the meeting, which contains information related to items covered, can be found at the following link: https://www.sweet.wy.us/ArchiveCenter/ViewFile/Item/754
When residents do not comply with the regulations the city sends contractors to cut back vegetation and sends the bill to homeowners, imposing a lien on the property if they do not pay.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Chuck Sprankles, 62, a resident of the North County Fire Protection District, a semirural area north of San Diego, said the authorities came regularly to inspect the landscaping.
“The system is working,” Mr. Sprankles said. “If you notice, the homes that were burned up had a lot of brush and trees around them.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Sprankles's house, which sits on a one-acre lot, was spared, a fact that he attributes to his wife spending around five hours every week cutting overgrowth and collecting fallen leaves.
“Last week we had three barrels full,” he said.
In San Diego, Joanne Salzman applauded the program, noting that her home was also safe.
“We could have lost all of this,” she said.” Because when it takes one house, it takes another. I think it definitely helped.”
John Buchanan, an engineer paramedic with the district, said he saw examples last week of homes that firefighters were able to save because residents had cleared brush. “The fire came right up to around 40 homes and we were able to protect all of them,” he said.
Over all, 151 homes in his district were destroyed by the Lilac Fire in San Diego County, compared with around 250 during the last major wildfire in 2007, Mr. Buchanan said. The Lilac Fire was 80 percent contained on Monday.
Mr. Buchanan described seeing the fire leap over a four-lane highway driven by intense winds. “It looked like a million fireflies flying over to ignite the tinder dry brush,” Mr. Buchanan said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
However, Richard Halsey, the director of the California Chaparral Institute, a nonprofit organization dedicated to the protection of shrub land, said the fires of the past two months had proved what he argued has become the increasing futility of brush-removal programs that might have been effective.
“It's not working,” he said. “These fires in October and this month clearly demonstrate we're doing something wrong. We are not understanding that in this changing climate, with these fierce winds, nothing is going to work unless we address the flammability of these structures.”
Mr. Halsey said it would make far more sense to invest in home fire prevention systems — sprinkling systems that coat the outside of a house with a mist of water, and fire-resistant roofs — and to stop encouraging developments on land that are prone to wildfires.
But Chief Terrazas said it would be a mistake to abandon the brush-cutting policies. He said that while they might not have been as much help over these past two weeks, fires in California take very different forms.
“We don't know what kind of fire we are going to have,” he said. “We have to use every tool we have.”
MELBOURNE, Australia — Australia cricket captain Steve Smith will return home from the team's tour of India with a right shoulder injury, Cricket Australia said Saturday.
The Australians lost their five-match one-day series against India 4-1 and begin a three-match Twenty20 series later Saturday.
Marcus Stoinis will replace Smith in the squad and vice-captain David Warner will stand in as captain in Smith's absence.
Australian team doctor Richard Saw said: “Smith landed awkwardly on his right shoulder while diving in the field during the fifth ODI against India last Sunday. Following the match he complained of shoulder soreness.
“Subsequently he has had an MRI scan which has excluded serious injury, but we believe the best course of action is for him to not continue to aggravate his shoulder.”
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-06
Many parts of Accra and Kumasi have been submerged in flood waters
The Accra Meteorological Agency has said that the downpour that started on Friday morning will continue at least until noon.
It said areas such as Alajo, Kwame Nkrumah Circle, Kaneshie, Mataheko, Nima and Dzorwulu were at risk of flooding.
“A thunderstorm and rain-bearing cloud system located over the coast and middle sectors, is expected to persist and further affect places in the central, western and Brong Ahafo regions till noon. Places to take caution due to flood include: Alajo, Circle, Kaneshie, Mataheko, Nima, Dzorwulu, South Odorkor, Osu,” a public weather warning form the Agency on Friday said.
Many parts of Accra and Kumasi have been submerged in flood waters, curtailing vehicular movement after few hours of rain on Friday morning.
Most drivers have been forced to make a detour, while others have parked their vehicles due to the pool of flood waters on major highways.
Areas such as Teshie-Nungua, Lapaz, Shiashie, Darkuman and Kaneshie in Accra and Kumasi Ahensan have been badly affected.
The flooding situation resulted in a gridlock in areas such as Tetteh Quarshie, Kaneshie and Lapaz.
The situation according to the Works and Housing Minister, Samuel Atta Akyea, may not improve until the country makes a $700 million investment to permanently fix it.
Stephen Harper imposed an outer perimeter of control, one suspects, because he worried about his lack of inner control – the fear that he might lose it in public.
Justin Trudeau apparently has no such concerns. He held a town-hall in Nanaimo, B.C., in front of an audience that was vocal and hostile to his government's decision to back the construction of the $7.4 billion Kinder Morgan pipeline.
As he entered the room, one man shouted: “You're a snake, you're a liar.”
He was drowned out repeatedly until he came close to losing his cool and confronted his accuser. “Come on, come on. Really? Are you going to respect the people in this room? If not, you need to leave,” he said.
The police were called in to eject the prime minister's noisiest critics, but the heckling continued throughout, as if a number had been drinking on an empty head.
Trudeau's willingness to tolerate the abuse was indicative of his tendency to take political risks – as he did when he fought Sen. Patrick Brazeau; as he did when he decided the Liberals would campaign on running deficits in 2015.
He was in deeply hostile terrain.
Even a question from an elderly woman who initially addressed him as “my handsome, precious one” ended up with him on the receiving end of criticism for supporting a pipeline that “could destroy our coastline”.
Trudeau should be commended for saying much the same in the face of a belligerent audience as he said in Alberta the day before. “We will be moving forward with the Kinder Morgan pipeline,” he said, explaining it was part of the government's plan to balance the environment and the economy. “That is the nature of the compromise we have taken in the best interests of the country.”
It would be fair to say the reception was about as warm as if he'd asked the audience in Edmonton for a round of applause for his father.
It was a bold performance but that makes it all the more curious why the prime minister has not backed up the rhetoric with a promise to act.
The B.C. government has said it will restrict the transportation of bitumen until there are further studies on the impact of spills.
Rachel Notley, the Alberta Premier, has pointed out that this is unconstitutional and has threatened to retaliate by suspending discussions on the purchase of electricity from B.C. Jason Kenney, the provincial Opposition leader, has mused about a blockade to stop oil flowing to B.C.
Alberta's case was bolstered this week by a new report from the C.D. Howe Institute that suggested oil and gas producers are struggling to stay competitive with U.S. companies because of lack of pipeline capacity.
Yet, Trudeau's line that he doesn't want to “opine on disagreements between provinces” is nonsense.
By making the case he did in Nanaimo, he is clearly siding with Notley and her contention that the federal government has approved Kinder Morgan and the B.C. government has no jurisdiction.
If the NDP/Green government in Victoria does not back down, Trudeau must use his constitutional power to declare the Trans Mountain pipeline a work for the general advantage of Canada under the Constitution Act, a move that would remove the authority of provincial and municipal governments.
It would be a bold political move for the prime minister – the Liberals would lose seats in British Columbia as a result. But, in truth, he has already picked which side he is on. On Friday, in Nanaimo, he looked his critics in the eyes and explained why the pipeline was approved by Ottawa – and what measures the government has taken to mitigate spills.
It was display of control and political skill.
But real leadership requires him to take the next step and head off a brewing national unity crisis by making it clear that new delaying tactics will not be tolerated.
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bernhard Langer has compiled 36 victories and just over $25 million in earnings on the PGA Tour Champions, and he is a seven-time player of the year. It might help the others if the 60-year-old German takes a week off every now and then.
"Sometimes they say, 'Why don't you take a week off?' I joke back and say, 'If you pay me some disappearance fee, I might.' But I haven't received any yet," Langer said Monday while previewing the Senior PGA Championship in Benton Harbor, Michigan.
Leave it to Langer's son to arrange that.
Langer revealed that he won't be able to defend his title on May 24-27 because his youngest son, 18-year-old Jason, is graduating from high school that weekend.
"Family always comes first in my life, so I've got to be there to support him, to celebrate him moving on to college," Langer said.
He said his son will attend Penn's Wharton School of Business and plans to play golf.
"I wouldn't want to miss that," Langer said. "I'm going to miss competing for this, but hopefully, there will be more chances in the future."
Langer won last year at Trump National outside Washington to complete the career Grand Slam on the 50-and-older circuit.
A year ago, Phil Mickelson sat out the U.S. Open at Erin Hills went his second-oldest daughter graduated from high school. Corey Pavin nearly had the same conflict in 2005 for the U.S. Open at Pinehurst No. 2, but he flew cross-country after his opening round Thursday and caught a redeye back to North Carolina for his second round.
TOP 60 LOOMS
Patton Kizzire already has two PGA Tour victories this season and is No. 2 in the FedEx Cup. That still might not be enough to avoid qualifying for the U.S. Open.
The USGA in 2012 eliminated its exemption for multiple winners on the PGA Tour from the previous U.S. Open when it revamped its criteria that focused more on the top 60 in the world ranking. Kizzire is at No. 57 this week.
The cutoff for being among the top 60 is on May 21, after the AT&T Byron Nelson. There also is another cutoff for the top 60 on June 11, the final ranking going into the U.S. Open on June 14-17 at Shinnecock Hills.
Chief among the prominent names not yet eligible is Adam Scott, who has played in 67 consecutive majors dating to the 2001 British Open at Royal Lytham & St. Annes. Scott, who missed the cut last week in the Texas Open, is at No. 64.
Alexander Levy of France moved up 19 spots to No. 47 with his victory last week on the European Tour, and that might be enough to secure his spot.
Among those near the top 60 with three tournaments remaining — the Zurich Classic in New Orleans does not offer world ranking points as a team event — are Luke List and Thomas Pieters (tied at No. 54), Bernd Wiesberger (No. 60), Ryan Moore (No. 62), Charles Howell III (No. 63) and former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel (No. 65). Schwartzel has played in every major dating to the 2009 U.S. Open at Bethpage Black.
The winner of The Players Championship in three weeks gets a three-year exemption.
NIEMANN'S DEBUT
Joaquin Niemann already has shown a knack for the big occasion this year.
The 19-year-old from Chile thought he was playing his final round as an amateur in January until he shot a 63 in the last round to win the Latin American Amateur Championship, which got him into the Masters.
He delayed turning pro to play at Augusta National. And in his pro debut, Niemann shot 67-67 on the weekend to finish sixth in the Texas Open. The top-10 finish will get him into the Wells Fargo Championship next week at Quail Hollow, along with giving him a big start toward earning special temporary membership on the PGA Tour and having access to unlimited sponsor exemptions.
He has 100 FedEx Cup points and needs 365 to earn special temporary membership. Niemann says he already has received exemptions for the AT&T Byron Nelson and the Memorial.
"I think this is going to give me a lot of confidence to try to do my card for this year," Niemann said. "Thing is, I've got a couple more tournaments coming and I just can't wait for it."
Niemann also is exempt into the final stage of U.S. Open qualifying. He gave that up from his Latin American Amateur victory by turning pro, but the U.S. Open exempts Mark H. McCormack Medal winners (No. 1 in the world amateur ranking) into sectional qualifying if they no longer are amateur.
SCOTT'S SCHEDULING
Adam Scott tends to play less rather than more, though he's not opposed to making it up as he goes along depending on the mood and the game. That's one reason he chose to play the Texas Open coming off a 70-71 weekend at the Masters.
It didn't work out as Scott played in the windy side of the draw in San Antonio, didn't play particularly well and missed the cut.
But it reminded him of an occasion 10 years ago, when he tied for 25th at the Masters with a reasonable performance. He flew home to Australia and played golf with some of his friends. And he was playing well.
"And I'm like, 'Why am I wasting my good golf on you guys?'" Scott said. "So I flew back the next week to Dallas and won the Byron Nelson. Kind of one of those things where you can't be so stubborn. I'm trying to be really in tune with where my game's at and identify why I'm just not having better results. To change that, I've got to change something. Otherwise, I'm just going to do the same thing."
DIVOTS
Luke Donald is stepping away to try to heal an ailing back. Donald, a former world No. 1 who hasn't won since the end of 2013 in Japan, said on Twitter that he has been trying to play with back pain for the last few months and has decided to get treatment and take time off to recover. "Gutted about this but I'm fully committed to getting back out onto the course," he tweeted. ... CBS broadcaster Jim Nantz will receive the Ambassador of Golf Award this year at the Bridgestone Invitational. He joins two former colleagues, producer Frank Chirkinian and lead analyst Ken Venturi, in receiving the award. ... The LPGA Tour is back in Los Angeles and San Francisco, giving California 12 tournaments on the PGA Tour, LPGA Tour and PGA Tour Champions combined. ... Inbee Park has returned to No. 1 in the world in women's golf. Five players were at No. 1 since Park last topped the ranking in October 2015.
STAT OF THE WEEK
The Zurich Classic is the first time the four reigning major champions are at the same tournament since the Tour Championship.
FINAL WORD
"I feel like a veteran right now. I feel like a tour player now. I know I can beat these guys and just going to wait for my week and try to win." — Joaquin Niemann after finishing sixth in his professional debut at the Texas Open.
Back by popular demand we are doing an encore performance of UNTOLD HISTORY!
History is plagued with untold stories. Brown hands that build nations go uncelebrated. Voices of generations are silenced in the noise. This experience seeks to bring light to some of these hidden histories and stolen futures through song and the power of the spoken word. This show is dedicated to the Good Neighbors, Inc.
"Good Neighbors is an organization dedicated to helping people that don't meet the standard requirements for public assistance and in need of emergency services. This is accomplished by assessing community needs, raising funds, allocating resources, fostering volunteerism, and encouraging collaborative efforts to resolve community problems."
http://www.goodneighborschattanooga.org/
It is our hope with this performance that we can do like the great negro artists of the past and break the bondages of marginilization and the cycle of poverty with our creativity.
When: Thursday, May 31st 7:00p | doors open 6:30p
Where: First Draft Theatre | 1800 Rossville Avenue STE 106
Who: Keelah Jackson #MasterCreative | Caleb "Phenom The Creative" Thomas | Khanika Jahmila | Kimmie J. | Tennille Crutcher | Terry Richer | Ardetra Davis | Garrell Woods
$10 adv. $15 door
The India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) MBBS entrance exam results 2017 have been declared today, Wednesday, June 15 at aiimsexams.org. The candidates can check their result at the official website.
AIIMS had successfully conducted the entrance examination on May 28, 2017 for ‪Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) course was held in New Delhi, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Patna, Raipur and Rishikesh.
More than 1.5 lakh applicants have appeared for the prestigious national level medical entrance.
Here are the steps to check AIIMS MBBS entrance exam results 2017:
British opposition Labour Party backs May's election plan
“We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain,” Jeremy Corby said.
The post British opposition Labour Party backs May's election plan appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PENTICTON, B.C. — The rules for curling's free-guard zone are expanding.
The World Curling Federation and Curling Canada are both implementing the five-rock free-guard zone, starting with the 2018-19 season. The four-rock rule currently applies.
The expanded rule will add another protected rock to the four that can't be removed from the area between the hog line and the house. The fifth stone is expected to increase offence, reduce blank ends and generally lead to more entertaining games.
“Yah!” Manitoba's Jennifer Jones said during a break at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
“It's just so good for curling because there are so many rocks in play. You get a lead and it's never done. A lot of times, especially in men's curling, if there is a lead it's over and it makes you have to make a ton of shots. I just love it.”
The free-guard zone has been around curling since 1993, with some modifications to the number of stones. Previously, none of the rocks were protected and teams could peel guards when they got an early lead, which led to low-scoring and boring games.
Canadians originally played a three-rock free-guard zone while the WCF played under the four-rock rule. Canada eventually adopted the four-rock rule.
Over the years, skilled teams have become adept at dealing with the four-rock free-guard zone. Leads could move rocks around the front of house without actually removing them. While the “tick shot” requires skill and touch, it nullified the intent of the rule while leaving rocks on the ice but out of play.
“The ones who have played think it's a much more entertaining game,” said Nolan Thiessen, Curling Canada's athlete liaison officer. “There is a better chance to come back (from a deficit). There are less blank ends and more interesting things going on.
“A lot of time with the four-rock rule, it's very cut and dried with offence and defence. The five-rock strategy is totally different and everyone has a different idea.”
Under the four-rock rule, teams could remove a second guard with their fifth shot. With five rocks, none of the guards can be removed until the fifth stone has been played.
“I'm really excited for it,” said Alberta's Casey Scheidegger. “We've been fortunate enough to play under the five-rock rule in the Grand Slams and it's something we feel more comfortable with.”
The rule change means Curling Canada, the Grand Slam of Curling (which officially adopted the five-rock rule in 2014) and WCF championships will be in sync.
“It's harder to go back to four-rock after you're being playing five-rock,” Scheidegger said. “It's easier to switch back to four rock from five rock.”
The four-rock free-guard zone encouraged leads to play more of a finesse game in their placement of guards and the tick shots. Team Canada lead Raunora Westcott can see that aspect of the game changing under the five-rock free-guard zone.
“The second now has to throw solid draw weight and historically your seconds needed to hit,” Westcott said.
Westcott feels it will be better game for fans.
“Even this week, I felt teams weren't engaging us,” Westcott said. “When we put up guards they would just peel them away. It makes it a boring game when it's just hit and hit. So ideally it will be better.”
Curling Canada has a large sample of games from which to determine the impact of the five-rock rule because it has been used in Grand Slams.
“Some of the concerns were there were going to be more blowouts and there are actually less,” Thiessen said. “There are fewer games where the players shake early compared to the four-rock rule under the 10-end game. That transfers across whether it's an eight- or 10-end game.
“It's significantly better for teams to make it entertaining in the second half of the game. People don't realize when they are down a couple of points coming home that they might have only a 10-per-cent chance of winning.”
Games played at curling clubs may also open up with the introduction of the five-rock rule.
“People don't go to club curling just to throw them up and down the ice,” Thiessen said. “It is pushed down to the club level, but in the end the WCF and Curling Canada rulebook is really tailored to competitive play.”
There have been suggestions that Curling Canada and the WCF consider reducing games from 10 ends to eight during the next Olympic quadrennial. Grand Slam games are currently eight ends.
“I hear it more and more at the WCF level for broadcast purposes but it's not on the table at the moment to be changed,” Thiessen said.
mmccormick@postmedia.com
twitter.com/murraylp
Those of us who attended Billingshurst Choral Society's performance of Elijah were fortunate indeed.
Mendelssohn's dramatic work, based on the life of the Old Testament prophet, presents challenges to a choir: its powerful passages of angelic light through to the darkest shade demand stamina, and a disciplined and sensitive approach. Musical director Cathal Garvey more than met these challenges to inject drama, tension and narrative drive into the performance. Here was a choir well-prepared, a choir who clearly enjoy singing for their director. There was clear diction throughout, particularly notable in tightly rhythmical declamatory choruses; quiet, reflective passages were well executed adding texture and richness.
The fine quartet of soloists provided much of the emotion in this most operatic of oratorios. In particular, Paul Carey-Jones gave an Elijah of immense presence, his glorious voice and moving delivery producing an outstanding interpretation of Mendelssohn's masterpiece. William Revill sang the Youth with confidence, the purity of his voice a highlight. BCS can be proud of their achievement.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
PHOTOS: Osinbajo Meet ‘Igbo' Governors, Leaders over Quit Notice
MyNaijaInfo.com
Osinbajo Discuss Quit Notice With ‘Igbo' Governors. Nigeria's Acting President, Yemi Osibanjo, today, met with various Igbo leaders at Abuja following the recent threat by Northern Youth Group, Arewa Consultative Forum asking Igbos to vacate the north. The President has started making wide consultations with the leaders from both South East (Igbo) and North, following …
The post PHOTOS: Osinbajo Meet ‘Igbo' Governors, Leaders over Quit Notice appeared first on Nigeria News, Gist, Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo.
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Gist, Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OMAHA, Neb. (KMTV) - Omaha Police have located the guardians of a young boy found alone earlier today.
Witnesses saw the child, with no adult or caretaker nearby, running barefoot close to Q Street and a portion of Highway 75 known as JFK Freeway.
Police said the boy was nonverbal, and therefore could not provide his name or the names of family members. Investigators said they thought him to be 5 or 6 years old.
According to an OPD press release, It is not known at this time whether any charges will be pursued.
Stay with 3 News Now for more details as this story develops.
WELLSTON, Ohio — A defensive performance to remember.
The Meigs boys basketball team held Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division host Wellston to a 13 field goals on Friday night, as the Marauders rolled to a 48-35 victory in Jackson County.
Meigs (7-11, 4-6 TVC Ohio) charged out to a 13-7 lead through eight minutes of play and extended its lead to double digits, at 22-12, by halftime.
Wellston (10-6, 6-3) — which had won five straight games headed into Friday — scored 10 points in the third quarter. However, the Marauders extended their lead to 37-22 headed into the fourth, scoring 15 third-quarter points, 13 of which came from sophomore Weston Baer.
WHS had its best offensive period of the night in the fourth, scoring 13 points, but Meigs closed the 48-35 win with 11 points over the final eight minutes.
In the win, the Marauders made 11-of-19 (57.9 percent) shots from the foul line. Meanwhile, Wellston made 4-of-6 (66.7 percent) free throw tries.
Baer paced the hosts with 20 points, combining seven two-pointers, one trifecta and a trio of free throws. Zach Bartrum hit a team-best five free throws and finished with nine points, while Nick Lilly connected on a pair of three-pointers and finished with seven markers.
Bobby Musser contributed six points to the winning cause, Wyatt Hoover chipped in with four points, while Austin Mahr added two.
Matt Simpson led the Golden Rockets with 15 points, followed by Decota McKenzie with eight. Jase Arthur and Jordan Lucas both scored six points on two three-pointers apiece, rounding out the WHS total.
Meigs — which hadn't previously held a team under 40 points in a game this winter — has now won seven of its last nine decisions.
The season series between Meigs and Wellston will finish tied at one, as the Golden Rockets won by a 67-56 count on Dec. 22 at MHS.
The Marauders will put their season-high three-game winning streak on the line when they welcome Alexander to Larry R. Morrison Gymnasium on Tuesday.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Tyrese Gibson has slammed his ‘Fast & Furious' cast-mate Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson as ‘a clown', blaming him for delaying the production of ‘Fast & Furious 9'.
It emerged yesterday that the movie won't hit screens until April, 2020, a postponement of a year from the original planned release date.
No reason for the delay was given by the movie franchise's studio Universal at the time, but all is starting to become clear.
In a series of angry posts on his Instagram account, he squared the blame at both Johnson and his ex-brother-in-law Hiram Garcia, Johnson's partner in his production company Seven Bucks (Johnson was married to Garcia's sister Dany until their split in 2007).
‘What's he on about?', you might ask.
Well, a spin-off starring Johnson and Jason Statham's Hobbs and Shaw characters from the Fast & Furious movies has now been announced.
The movie, which will find special agent Hobbs and master criminal Shaw heading off on a mission – with the rumoured involvement of writer and director Shane Black – will arrive in cinemas on July 26, 2019, bumping back ‘Fast & Furious 9' to 2020.
And it sounds like this is the reason that Gibson is displeased.
In another Instagram post from September, now deleted, Gibson said: “If you move forward with that Hobbs Movie you will have purposely ignored the heart to heart moment we had in my sprinter … I'm on your timeline because you're not responding to my text messages — #FastFamily is just that, a family……. We don't fly solo.”
He issued another now deleted plea to Johnson here.
Since then, the posts have got a little more angry, another calling Johnson ‘a clown'.
Johnson is yet to respond to the matter, though there's been friction among the male cast of the movies before, including a supposed feud with Vin Diesel.
On wrapping ‘Fast & Furious 8' last summer, Johnson posted: “My female co-stars are always amazing, and I love 'em. My male co-stars however are a different story.
“Some conduct themselves as stand up men and true professionals, while others don't. The ones that don't are too chicken s**t to do anything about it anyway. Candy asses … when you watch this movie next April, and it seems like I'm not acting in some of these scenes and my blood is legit boiling — you're right.”
Read More:
Jared Leto to star in Hugh Hefner biopic
Blade Runner 2049 premiere cancelled after Las Vegas shooting
Oscar Pistorious family legal threat over Lifetime movie
20:42 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Sweden probes arson try against Jewish cemetery chapel (AFP) - Swedish police said on Monday that they are investigating an attempted arson against a Jewish chapel after a similar attack against a synagogue, which came in the wake of United States recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
WASHINGTON — Bipartisan legislation was introduced March 14 in the U.S. House of Representatives that would prevent 200,000 farms from being regulated as if they were toxic Superfund sites.
The bill, introduced by U.S. Reps. Billy Long, R-Missouri, and Jim Costa, D-California, is known as the Agricultural Certainty for Reporting Emissions (ACRE) Act and is supported by 85 original co-sponsors.
It would exempt farms from reporting requirements dictated by the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), which was enacted to provide for cleanup of the industrial toxic waste sites and spills.
Similar bipartisan legislation, the Fair Agricultural Reporting Method (FARM) Act, was introduced in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Nebraska, and Joe Donnelly, D-Indiana, Feb. 13. That bill currently has 37 co-sponsors.
Bill proponents include many major farm groups, who claim CERCLA was never intended to govern agricultural operations, like livestock emissions.
“There's not a lot of bipartisan consensus on Washington, DC, these days, but one thing that a lot of folks on both sides of the aisle can agree on is that the CERCLA law that regulates toxic Superfund sites shouldn't apply to animal agricultural operations,” said fifth-generation California rancher Kevin Kester, who is the current president of the National Cattlemen's Beef Association.
“CERCLA was never intended to regulate cow manure, and Congress should fix this situation as soon as possible,” Kester added.
Groups sued EPA
In 2008, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) finalized a rule to clarify that farms were exempt from CERCLA reporting and small farms, in particular, were exempt from EPCRA reporting, given that low-level livestock emissions are not the kind of “releases” that Congress intended to manage with these laws.
Upon being sued in 2009 by environmental advocacy groups, the Obama Administration's EPA defended the exemption in court on the grounds that CERCLA and EPCRA do not explicitly exempt farms because Congress never believed that agriculture would be covered under these statutes, so a specific statutory exemption was not viewed to be necessary.
In April 2017, however, the D.C. Circuit Court vacated the EPA's 2008 exemption, putting nearly 200,000 farms under the regulatory reporting authorities enshrined in CERCLA and EPCRA.
The new reporting requirements could have gone into effect on Jan. 22, but the court delayed implementation of the requirements until May 1, 2018, which gives Congress time to act.
Related articles:
Bill would exempt farms from reporting emissions Feb. 15, 2018
Court extends livestock emissions reporting deadline Dec. 4, 2017
Livestock farmers face emissions deadline Nov. 14, 2017
Superfund not meant for farms March 15, 2007
Commentary: Is that a Superfund site or a farm? Nov. 23, 2005
PARKLAND, Fla. (AP) - Authorities say the brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school has been arrested for trespassing at the same school.
A Broward Sheriff's Office report says 18-year-old Zachary Cruz was arrested Monday afternoon at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing.
The report says the teen was found riding his skateboard at the school though he had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus. The report adds that Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that he was there to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in."
His 19-year-old brother, Nikolas Cruz, faces 17 first-degree murder charges in connection with the Feb. 14 shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list an attorney for Zachary Cruz.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Eric Gay | AP Photo
Countdown to Kickoff
The time for talking, at least publicly, has come and gone. Up next for the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots is Super Bowl LII on Sunday at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minn.
The Eagles arrived in Minnesota the previous Sunday. The Patriots touched down one day later, with both teams hitting the ground running for Opening Night on Monday.
The teams made players and coaches available to the media on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. But since then, it's been radio silence, except for Radio Row, which has been a hotbed activity all week, with current and former players stopping to talk shop to The No-Huddle Show Podcast.
Just call NJ Advance Media one-stop shopping for all things Super Bowl. Our team of reporters arrived in Minnesota on Sunday, and will be there until after the Patriots or Eagles are presented with the Lombardi Trophy for winning Super Bowl LII. Will Nick Foles and the underdog Eagles shock the world and win the first Super Bowl in team history? Or Will Tom Brady cement his place as the G.O.A.T. by teaming with Bill Belichick on a record-tying sixth Super Bowl title?
Count down to kickoff by looking back at the week that was in Minneapolis, through the cameras of our intrepid reporters on the scene: Eliot Shorr-Parks, Matt Lombardo, Dan Duggan, Steve Politi, and Andy Mills.
Last year, Lady Gaga rescheduled a number of European tour dates due to “severe physical pain” related to her fibromyalgia. Now, the songwriter has cancelled the rest of her Joanne World Tour due to “severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform live.”
“I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it,” Gaga said in a statement. “My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home.”
Last week, Gaga performed alongside Mark Ronson at the 2018 Grammy Awards, and recently announced a residency at the MGM Park Theater in Las Vegas. In a her Netflix documentary Gaga: Five Foot Two, the songwriter details many ongoing complications with her fibromyalgia, which she described in September as “not simply hip pain or wear and tear from tour.” Read her full statement on the cancellation below.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — A person familiar with the negotiations says reliever Luke Gregerson and the St. Louis Cardinals have agreed to an $11 million, two-year contract.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity Sunday because the agreement was subject to a physical and had not yet been announced.
Gregerson would get $5 million in each of the next two seasons, and the deal includes a $6 million team option for 2020 with a $1 million buyout.
A 33-year-old right-hander, Gregerson struck out 70 in 61 innings for Houston, going 2-3 with a career-high 4.57 ERA in 65 relief appearances.
He did not allow a run in five post-season appearances as the Astros won their first title.
Gregerson, a specialist used against right-handed hitters, stuck out Chris Taylor to strand two runners in the fourth inning in Game 5. He got the first two outs in the eighth inning of Game 6, allowing a walk and a single.
Gregerson has pitched in nine big league seasons for San Diego (2009-13), Oakland (2014) and Houston (2015-17), which signed him to an $18.5 million, three-year contract. He played for the U.S. at this year's World Baseball Classic.
——
More AP MLB: http://www.apnews.com/tags/MLBbaseball
AAA Says New Cars Crammed with Distracting Technology
The infotainment technology that automakers are cramming into the dashboard of new vehicles is making drivers take their eyes off the road and hands off the wheel for dangerously long periods of time, an AAA study says.
The study released Thursday is the latest by University of Utah professor David Strayer, who has been examining the impact of infotainment systems on safety for AAA's Foundation for Traffic Safety since 2013. Past studies also identified problems, but Strayer said the "explosion of technology" has made things worse.
Automakers now include more infotainment options to allow drivers to use social media, email and text. The technology is also becoming more complicated to use. Cars used to have a few buttons and knobs. Some vehicles now have as many as 50 buttons on the steering wheel and dashboard that are multi-functional. There are touch screens, voice commands, writing pads, heads-up displays on windshields and mirrors and 3-D computer-generated images.
"It's adding more and more layers of complexity and information at drivers' fingertips without often considering whether it's a good idea to put it at their fingertips," Strayer said. That complexity increases the overall amount of time drivers spend trying to use the systems.
The auto industry says the new systems are better alternatives for drivers than mobile phones and navigation devices that were not designed to be used while driving.
The vehicle-integrated systems "are designed to be used in the driving environment and require driver attention that is comparable to tuning the radio or adjusting climate controls, which have always been considered baseline acceptable behaviors while driving," said Wade Newton, a spokesman for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers.
But Jake Nelson, AAA's director for traffic safety advocacy and research, said drivers testing all 30 of the 2017 model year cars and light trucks took their eyes off the road and hands off the wheel while using infotainment systems. The test drivers used voice commands, touch screens and other interactive technologies to make calls, send texts, tune the radio or program navigation all while driving.
Clearly automakers haven't worked hard enough to make the systems quick and easy to use, Nelson said. Researchers rated 23 of the 30 vehicles "very high" or "high" in terms of the attention they demanded from drivers. Seven were rated "moderate." None required a low amount of attention to use.
Programming a destination into in-vehicle GPS navigation systems was the most distracting activity, taking drivers an average of 40 seconds to complete the task. At 25 mph (40 kph), a can travel the length of four football fields during the time it takes to enter a destination. Previous research has shown that drivers who remove their eyes from the road for just two seconds double their risk for a crash.
Under pressure from industry, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration in 2012 issued voluntary safety guidelines to automakers for dashboard technology instead of enforceable safety standards. The guidelines recommend that automakers lock out the ability to program navigation systems while a car is moving. However, the ability to program navigation while driving was available in 12 vehicles in the study.
The guidelines also recommend automakers prevent drivers from texting while driving, but three-quarters of the vehicles tested permit drivers to text while the car is moving. Texting was the second-most distracting task performed by test drivers.
Drivers looked away from the road less when using voice commands, but that safety benefit was offset by the increased amount of time drivers spent interacting with the systems.
AAA said drivers should use infotainment technologies "only for legitimate emergencies or urgent, driving-related purposes." It also urged automakers to block the ability to program navigation systems or send texts while driving. Automakers should also design infotainment systems so that they require no more attention to use than listening to the radio or an audiobook, it said.
Nearly 70 percent of U.S. adults say they want the new technologies in their vehicles, but only 24 percent feel that the technology already works perfectly, according to an opinion survey conducted for AAA.
"Drivers want technology that is safe and easy to use," said Marshall Doney, AAA's president and CEO, "but many of the features added to infotainment systems today have resulted in overly complex and sometimes frustrating user experiences for drivers."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
By Steve McCorkle “Colonel”
Stevemccorkle61@yahoo.com
Spring and summer have finally arrived. The water temperatures are in the lower 70's and will continue to move into the mid 70's into June. The water is mostly clear and water level seems to be steady round full pool.
The bass have moved off the bed and now are either shallow near cover or moving into deeper water. There are several patterns that will work during the month of June. For the shallow bass, the best baits will be a trick worm, Texas rig worm, mop jig, or jerk bait. Bass will be around docks and other shallow structure, and at night will be around docks with lights. Bass can also be caught near weed beds and hydrilla on the shallow flats using a buzzbait, frog, or trick worm, especially very early in the morning or late in the evening. Bass will also be deep on ledges and points and can be caught using Carolina rig worm, hair jig or crankbait.
Shoal bass can also be caught up in the shoals at the north end of Lake Harding using a small Texas Rig worm, swimbait, Red Fish Magic, and buzzbaits. Additionally, the small lakes above Lake Harding such as Langdale Lake or Crow Hop Lake are good for shoal bass. Fishing these lakes requires a small boat or kayak. For the most part shoal bass do not get as big as largemouth bass, but they fight well for their size.
Crappie have moved out of the shallows and are now in deeper water. Your best bet is to fish under the Long Bridge at night with lights or around docks with deep water structure and lights with minnows being the best bait.
Striped bass are not schooling as they were when the water was in the upper 50's and lower 60's, but are now in deeper water or up in the shoals this time of year. Most stripes are located deep, but can be caught on flats near deep water early in the morning and late in the evening. Best baits are spinnerbaits and crankbaits, and of course, big live shad work great.
Sunfish are shallow and are usually on bed during the full moon, so target shallow water with cover, and you should catch these fish in good numbers. The best baits are live crickets, red worms, small Beetle Spins and flies using a fly rod.
Yes, there are alligators on Lake Harding. Some of them are getting pretty big. For the most part they will not bother you if you do not bother them. DO NOT FEED THEM! Avoid them and let them be.
Just remember that summer brings out more boats, so be careful on the water.
La Habra High student Toni Rodriguez joins a long line of local royalty.
Saturday night, March 17, she became the 70th young woman to be crowned Miss La Habra in the annual pageant sponsored by the La Habra Host Lions.
Rodriguez and her court will represent the Lions Club and the city at events for the next year. She also serves as the Corn Festival queen along with her court.
The Miss La Habra Court includes princesses Lucy Leon, Isabella Moreno, Kaili Newby and Erika Garcia.
Randy Rainbow Spars with Kellyanne Conway Over Roy Moore's Molestation: ‘She Was 16 Going on 17' – WATCH
The Pentagon will begin accepting transgender troops into the U.S military on January 1 despite the fact that the Trump administration opposes it.
The AP reports:
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services…
…the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
The Trump administration asked a federal judge last week to stay an order requiring that the military begin accepting transgender recruits on January 1.
A crowd of about 250 Packers fans gathered outside the Don Hutson Center Thursday to watch the first day of Packers minicamp practices.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
What is it?
A 2.1 virtual surround system subwoofer boost converted from the original rear silencer and twin exhaust from a Porsche 911 GT3
Why is it cool?
The echo chamber used to muffle sound does the opposite when it's not attached to a vehicle. It amplifies sound but looks sleek and rugged.
Constructed from an off-the-line Porsche 911 GT3 muffler. Only a limited number of these babies were produced.
No lightweight: The unit weighs in at 42 pounds.
What is it?
Porsche Design Roadster Luggage. These rolling suitcases are available in the original Porsche 911 exterior colors: dark blue metallic and grey metallic.
Why is it cool?
Designed to fit seamlessly into all Porsche vehicles.
What is it?
Porsche-inspired suspension system housed in the base of a sneaker
Why is it cool?
adidas worked with Porsche Design engineers to create an aerodynamic shoe that uses Bounce technology.
A celebration of German engineering: adidas and Porsche collaborated in 2008 to introduce the first Bounce sneaker. The newly released, limited-edition S4 sneakers honor that initial partnership.
High-tech, spring-pillar sections that smooth out your steps and propel your body forward.
Porsche Design Store at South Coast Plaza, 3333 Bristol St., Costa Mesa, (714) 662-2992 :: porsche-design.us
YOKOHAMA, Japan — Akira Nishino made his debut as Japan coach on Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to Ghana.
In steady rain at Nissan Stadium, Thomas Partey gave Ghana a 1-0 lead in the ninth minute with free kick from the top of the area. Emmanuel Boateng doubled the advantage from the penalty spot in the 51st.
Nishino, who will name his World Cup squad on Thursday, brought in substitutes Shinji Kagawa and Shinji Ozaki in the second half when Japan created more chances but was unable to beat Ghana goalkeeper Richard Ofori.
"We had chances but couldn't capitalize so it's a disappointing result," Nishino said. "I'm still considering many factors before tomorrow's announcement."
After only two weeks working with his players, Nishino opted for experience with defenders Tomoaki Makino, Makoto Hasebe and Maya Yoshida in front of goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima.
Also in the starting 11 was veteran Keisuke Honda, who played at right forward alongside Takashi Usami and Yuya Osako. Honda nearly scored midway through the first half but his angled shot from close range was denied by Ofori.
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month, only two months before the World Cup opens, and replaced him with Nishino.
In two World Cup warm-up matches, Japan will face Switzerland on June 8 in Lugano, Switzerland, and Paraguay on June 12 in Innsbruck, Austria.
Japan will play in Group H at the World Cup with Colombia, Poland and Senegal in its sixth straight World Cup. It has only twice reached the knockout round, losing both times in the last 16.
By Jim Armstrong, The Associated Press
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: Lord Kweku Sekyi (freelancer)
2017-01-02
Rashida Black Beauty
Management of 2016 Jigwe Award winner, Rashidatu Mohammed, whose controversial video popularized the term ‘malafaka', has finally pulled down the controversial video from Facebook two months after its release.
In an interview with freelance journalist, Lord Kweku Sekyi, Bismark Atta Boamponsem (Mr. Awesome), who currently heads Rashida's management team, said the decision became necessary due to Rashida's growing brand which requires the need to shift focus to her current projects.
“Initially, the reactions were mostly negative, because of the strong language and references to sex, but gradually, people started expressing their love for her, so a new chapter is opening.”
According to Mr. Awesome, the 18-year-old's sudden rise to fame has changed her perception about life and boosted her morale to work hard towards her dream of becoming an actress — which is on course, after she received offers from some of Ghana's leading production houses.
He says Rashida will enrol in a training programme to improve herself for the industry.
“Sometimes, good things come out of bad situations, and that's exactly how Rashida's journey has begun. And already, her fan base extends to Europe and America, because, aside the malaka part, a lot of people think she possesses something special within her to do better in life.
Rashida Black Beauty is now a brand that portrays confidence and pride of being an African with dark skin,” he concluded. Rashida is one of the most searched Ghanaians on the Internet in 2016, after her use of the term ‘malafaka' (a corruption of the offensive American slang, ‘motherfucker') in a video that was shared thousands of times on various online platforms.
In the video, originally meant for her ex-lover who she referred to as Kushman, the young lady claimed he had verbally abused her after jilting her for another lady.
Rashida proudly touted herself as “Black Beauty”, and narrated how faithful and supportive she had been to Kushman prior to the break up.
At Berekum in the Brong Ahafo Region where the story originated, a rap song, titled Malafaka, was released by Mr. Awesome and his rhyme partner Kooko, which had Rashida featuring in the video, a situation that led to a video reply from Kushman, who attacked the two rappers and referred to Rashida as having a “black dog's face.”
On December 22, 2016, Rashida's video beat “I can't think far” by popular comedian Kwadwo Nkansah Lilwin, to receive the award for Viral Video of the Year at the Jigwe Awards organized by Viasat-1 TV at Kempiski Hotel in Accra. In the same month, the Rashida Black Beauty fan page on Facebook hit over 20,000 likes in just three weeks.
Central Oregon Coast's Yachats and Florence in December, January
Published 12/10/2017 at 1:35 AM PDT
By Oregon Coast Beach Connection staff
(Yachats, Oregon) – Music, food, the holidays, a good helping of whales and even a festival of gems and minerals: this is what's in store for this particular chunk of central Oregon coasts around Yachats and Florence. The two towns keep kicking out the jams with a variety of events.
Take a look at the winter lineup of fun for December and January. It begins with Yachats listings and ends with Florence happenings.
December 15. Families Together Ornament Night The Yachats Youth & Family Activities Program. Holiday meal, storytime, ornament making, tree decorating and lots of holiday cheer to ring in the season. Santa Hat Santa is sure to make an appearance. This event is free. Children must be accompanied by an adult. 6 p.m. Yachats Community Presbyterian Church. 360 W 7th St. 541-547-4599.
Central Coast Chorale - Wishes and Candles Holiday Concert. 50-voice choir and special guests Women of Note. $10 Suggested Donation. 7 p.m. Yachats Commons, 441 Hwy 101 at W 4th St. Yachats, Oregon.
December 16 – 17. 22nd annual Victorian Christmas Open House, Heceta Light Keepers' House. The Queen Ann style Keeper's House will be decorated with Victorian flourishes inside and out. Enjoy warm drinks and treats and performances by local musicians. Santa Hat Santa Claus will be there, and Oregon State Parks volunteers will offer historic tours of the lighthouse. There will be a holiday raffle with great prizes from local businesses. Shuttle service will be offered from Heceta Head Lightstation State Scenic Area parking lot to the front door. Or bring warm, rainproof clothing and a flashlight and enjoy a beautiful walk up from the parking lot/beach. The parking fee is $5 or present your Oregon Coast Passport. 4 - 7 p.m. 14 miles south of Yachats. (541) 547-3696.
December 21. Winter Solstice Bonfire Party. Live music, hot drinks, sweet treats, and a warm welcome. Guests are invited to bring a percussion instrument as well as a piece of firewood to add to the bonfire. Held at the picnic shelter at Yachats Commons.
December 27 – 31. Winter Whale Watch Week. 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Cape Perpetua Visitors' Center and Cook's Chasm. Just south of Yachats, Oregon. Whalespoken.org.
January 1. Yachats New Year's Day Peace Hike. 6-mile round trip hike from the Yachats Commons to the Amanda Trail Grotto where the traditional silent procession and fire ceremony will be held. Check-in for the hike begins at the Commons at 9:30 a.m. (Note that due to traffic safety concerns, no parking or shuttle service will be available at the Kittel driveway along Hwy. 101 this year.) As an alternative, for those not participating in the hike, a candlelight vigil will also be held in the Yachats Little Log Church from 9:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. Members of the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw Indians will begin the vigil with the Story of Amanda, for whom the Amanda Trail is named. Yachats, Oregon. yachats.org.
January 13 and 14. Yachats Agate Festival and Gem-Mineral-Fossil Show. Spectacular displays as well as family friendly learning opportunities for all ages. There will be special guest speakers and the Oregon Coast Agate Club will also be joining in with demonstrations and club displays. 10 a.m. Yachats Commons, Hwy 101 & W 4th. Yachats, Oregon.
December 13. Jazz Kings “An Old Fashioned Christmas.” Shirley Andress and company with the songs and stories tied to our Christmas tradition, featuring the Great American Songbook with its familiar cadences of Christmas verse and jubilant sound of traditional and sacred holiday carols. Tickets online or at the Florence Events Center $30. 7:30 p.m. Florence Events Center. 715 Quince Street. Florence, Oregon. www.eventcenter.org.
December 18. Oregon Brass Society Christmas Concert. Nothing gets you in the holiday spirit more than holiday music and the Oregon Brass Society is willing to dish up this holiday treat. 7 p.m. Florence Events Center. 715 Quince Street. Florence, Oregon. www.eventcenter.org.
December 19. Eugene Ballet - “The Nutcracker.” Joyful magic at every performance as hundreds of aspiring young dancers join the Company on stage, while the Sugar Plum Fairy transports all to the Snow Kingdom and the Land of the Sweets. 7 p.m. Adults $35, Youth 18 and under $15. Florence Events Center. 715 Quince Street. Florence, Oregon. www.eventcenter.org.
January 12 – 14. Florence Winter Music Festival. A variety of international touring talent and world class artisans, along with a wealth of locally sourced cuisine and fine libations. On Saturday evening, January 13 at “The Main Event,” the legendary Brit folk rocker Al Stewart performs his multi-platinum “Year of The Cat” hits, ably supported by Oregon's favorite young story telling troubadour, John Craigie. Also: Jeff Scroggins & Colorado, Castletown, Pretty Gritty, Calaveras and more. See website for ticket info. Florence Events Center. 715 Quince St, Florence, Oregon. 541-997-1994 or visit wintermusicfestival.org. - Where to stay for these events - Where to eat - Map and Virtual Tour
More About Yachats Lodging.....
More About Oregon Coast Restaurants, Dining.....
Coastal Spotlight
LATEST Related Oregon Coast Articles
Back to Oregon Coast
Contact Advertise on BeachConnection.net
All Content, unless otherwise attributed, copyright BeachConnection.net Unauthorized use or publication is not permitted
This is where you can find the scores and stats for the Orange County high school games on Friday, Oct. 6.
BOYS WATER POLO
Corona del Mar 14, Acalanes 6
Goals: (CdM) Klein 5, Taxman 2, Ueberroth 2, Wilde 2; Saves: (CdM) Snyder 6
Villa Park 9, El Toro 5
Goals: (VP) Baumann 4, Jones 2, Corcoran 2; Saves: (VP) Harris 4
Servite 13, Santa Barbara 9
Goals: (Ser) Ocasio 5, Carey 2, Martinez 2; Saves: (Ser) Lien 9.
Corona del Mar 15, Miramonte 7
Goals: (CdM) Pulice 5, Klein 4, Wilde 4; Saves: (CdM) Snyder 6.
GIRLS GOLF
Los Alamitos 197, Newport Harbor 209
Medalist: Lu (LA) 34. Nesbitt (NH) 36.
GIRLS TENNIS
Canyon 14, Brea Olinda 4
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – A 30-year Hillsborough county employee contends she was targeted by managers at the Pet Resource Center and thrown under the bus.
Last month, we told you Christa Lepisto and her supervisor Charlene Frederick accidentally euthanized the wrong dog.
Ms. Lepisto claims after honing up to the error, the PRC became a hostile work environment.
In October, Ms. Lepisto and Ms. Frederick mistakenly euthanized a dog named Loki.
“I totally take responsibility for pulling Loki by mistake. I think about it all the time,” explained Ms. Lepisto.
Her supervisor, Charlene Frederick, was supposed to double-check.
“She had made a comment that ‘we need to hurry and get this done, because I've got other things I've got to do,'” added Ms. Lepisto.
As a result of the rush and failure to follow protocol, the wrong dog was put down.
Related: Target 8: Deaths at a Hillsborough County shelter prompt call for investigation
“I feel like I took an innocent life,” Ms. Lepisto cried. “A life that could've been saved.”
For her, the PRC became a hostile work environment.
“Everything I did was wrong, everything, nothing I could do was right,” she said.
Charlene Frederick was suspended for one day.
Christa Lepisto, a 30-year employee, was demoted.
She claims a supervisor then threatened her.
“He took me aside and told me it would be in my best interest not to go to the news media,” added Ms. Lepisto. She claims at the time, the thought hadn't even crossed her mind.
Last month, Target 8 reported Loki's death and raised questions about whether the county was forthcoming.
PRC Director Scott Trebatoski assured county commissioners that both workers involved were “disciplined,” “distraught” and “one employee ultimately resigned as a result of the incident.”
Christa Lepisto has a much different version of what happened.
“HR came down there and told me that ‘you either resign today or you will be fired,'” she said.
Ms. Lepisto retired in March. She loved her job, misses the animals and carries with her a mistake the can never be corrected.
“For someone who loves animals as much as I do, to be the one to pull the wrong dog, it just really really hurts,” she said.
The county had no comment. It invited Target 8 to request Ms. Lepisto's personnel file. Instead, we checked with a former manager, volunteers and employees who said Christa Lepisto was an asset loved by the staff.
If you have a problem you think should be investigated, call our Target 8 Helpline at 1-800-338-0808.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
Some aggrieved ECG workers
The Ranking Member on the Energy and Mines Committee of Parliament, Mr Mutawakilu Adam, has urged the government to settle the case in which some workers of the Electricity Company of Ghana (ECG) have sued the state over the payment of severance award out of court.
He told journalists in Parliament on Thursday that the entrenched position taken by the Minister of Energy, Mr Boakye Agyarko, on the fate of the workers was the reason the workers had taken the matter to court.
He said Ghana risked losing out on the concessionaire deal, which was expected to be consummated in September next year, if the impasse between the government and the ECG workers was not resolved.
About 1,000 workers of the ECG have gone to court to challenge moves to hand over the operations of the company to a concessionaire without any redundancy package for them.
They are urging the Labour Division of the High Court to declare that sending ECG workers, including the plaintiffs, on permanent transfer constitutes a redundancy.
The workers are also asking for a declaration that the decision by the Minister of Energy to conduct redundancy negotiations with individual employees of the ECG, including the plaintiffs, is illegal and constitutes a gross violation of Section 65 of the Labour Act.
Entrenched position
Mr Adam said the workers took the matter to court because the Minister of Energy was not ready to engage them properly.
“As of the time the minister announced the takeover and finally indicated that those who did not want to work with the concessionaire would be paid their redundancy package, he had not met with the workers union. It was unfortunate,” he said.
Mr Adam, who is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Damongo, said the minister should rather dialogue and coordinate with the workers to get a sound resolution of the issue but not take an entrenched stance.
“The workers feel they are not being respected. I think the minister should take his time and dialogue with them, so that Mother Ghana moves forward.
“I believe he has not engaged them and the workers themselves have indicated that he has not engaged them and they are not sure of their fate,” he said.
UT Bank/Capital Bank experience
Mr Adam said assurances to the ECG workers that their jobs would be secure were not enough and that those assurances should be documented.
He said if the workers would be given their redundancy package or absorbed in the new entity, there should be a legal agreement between them and the government from now to that effect.
He said it was wrong for the workers to be left in the dark as to their fate until the ECG had been taken over by the concessionaire in September next year.
Making reference to the takeover of the UT and the Capital banks and the assurances given to their workers that they would work, for at least six months, he said: “Less than three months they are being sacked.
“So it tells you that assurance by word of mouth is not enough,” he said.
Live coverage of the countdown and launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral with SpaceX's 12th operational Dragon resupply flight to the International Space Station. Text updates will appear automatically below; there is no need to reload the page. Follow us on Twitter. Watch on a mobile device.
JERUSALEM (AP) — Haim Gouri, a leading Israeli poet of the state's founding generation, died Wednesday, according to media reports. He was 94.
President Reuven Rivlin in a statement mourned his passing as "the national poet of our time" and a "life teacher."
Gouri was born in Tel Aviv and fought in the Palmach, the elite force of the pre-state militia later serving in Israel's army, reports said.
He was a prolific and influential poet with songs about the birth of modern Israel that became deeply rooted in the country's ethos.
He was not shy in airing his political views and was critical of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government. Five years ago he told parliament that despite "knowing almost every stone in this land" he now "has difficulty recognizing it."
Gouri was the recipient of several prestigious awards for his work, including the Israel Prize, the country's top honor.
OFD Foods, LLC., Albany, Ore., is recalling approximately 197 pounds of beef product that may be contaminated with extraneous materials, specifically rubber.
The beef hash item was produced on Dec. 22, 2016. The following product is subject to recall:
88-oz. pouch of “MOUNTAIN HOUSE FREEZE DRIED SPICY SOUTHWEST BREAKFAST HASH,” with pouch code 3253174 and best by date of Dec. 2046.
The product subject to recall bears establishment number “EST. 1394” inside the USDA mark of inspection. This item was shipped to retail locations nationwide and sold directly to consumers through internet sales.
The problem was discovered when a firm employee reported finding pieces of rubber in the product on June 12, 2017.
NEW YORK (AP) — Jaroslav Halak made 31 saves after getting a vote of confidence from his coach, and the New York Islanders beat the Washington Capitals 3-1 on Monday night to snap a five-game winless streak.
Brock Nelson, Andrew Ladd and John Tavares scored goals for the Islanders, who built a 3-0 lead early in the second period and ended Washington's four-game winning streak.
It was the second time this season that Halak held an opponent to a single goal and the third time New York has allowed one goal as a team. Halak's strong performance came after coach Doug Weight sternly defended his goaltenders following the team's skate Monday morning. New York was 0-3-2 over its last five games.
Braden Holtby made nine saves for the Capitals before being pulled after the Islanders scored their third goal 1:34 into the second period. Philipp Grubauer made 17 saves in relief, and Dmitry Orlov scored Washington's only goal.
Nelson scored his ninth goal of the season 2:36 into the first period. Jason Chimera passed to Cal Clutterbuck to set up the initial shot, and Nelson picked up the rebound and banked the puck off the inside of Holtby's pad.
The Islanders appeared to score again when Anders Lee pushed the puck over the goal line, but officials waved off the goal, and a challenge by Weight was unsuccessful.
New York went ahead 2-0 36 seconds into the second period when Calvin de Haan slid the puck toward center ice and Ladd tapped it in.
Tavares scored 58 seconds later, taking advantage when Holtby got out of position.
Orlov scored with 11:37 left in the game. He capitalized on a 2-on-1 rush and fired a one-timer past Halak.
NOTES: Capitals RW T.J. Oshie missed his third consecutive game with an upper-body injury. Oshie skated at the Capitals' practice facility in Arlington, Virginia, on Monday for the second straight day. ... Islanders D Johnny Boychuk sat out his third straight game with an undisclosed injury. Boychuk participated in the team's morning skate and was labeled a game-time decision. ... Forwards Alan Quine and Shane Prince were scratches for the Islanders. ... D Taylor Chorney was a healthy scratch for the Capitals.
UP NEXT
The Capitals host the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday night.
The Islanders stay home to play the Dallas Stars on Wednesday night.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Despite the automation, Ele.me believes this could be better for drivers. Humans would only need to cover about 15 percent of its routes, and should lower operating costs in the process. Existing couriers could make up to five times more income, it claimed.
This approach wouldn't likely work in primarily residential areas, so you could easily argue that Ele.me is taking a shortcut to putting drones into service. At the same time, this underscores a few of the advantages Chinese companies have when introducing commercial delivery drones. The US is only just considering looser rules that would enable practical drone couriers, while a Made in China 2025 campaign is providing grants, investments and loans to help technological innovation in fields like this. The edge might not last for long, but it's hard not to look on with some envy as Shanghai residents receive their grub from above.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — Call it Roy Moore's great vanishing act – at least from the traditional campaign trail.
Dogged by allegations of sexual misconduct, the Alabama Republican has kept to events with limited publicity and shunned contact with the traditional media in the heated race for U.S. Senate.
Moore is instead relying on social media, President Donald Trump's GOP star power and a few controlled events to deliver his closing arguments to voters and pull off a victory in Tuesday's election.
Democrat Doug Jones has compared Moore to “the groundhog” that sticks his head up only occasionally.
Moore spokesman Ben Dupre said Thursday that Moore is “campaigning hard.” Dupre said Moore is “getting the message out” through social media and conversations with voters.
Leading members of the US Republican Party have joined calls for a wide investigation into the former national security adviser's links with Russia.
Michael Flynn quit on Monday over claims he discussed US sanctions with Russia before Donald Trump took office.
On Tuesday, a White House spokesman said Mr Trump knew weeks ago there were problems with the Russia phone calls.
But calls for an independent investigation have encountered a cold reaction from some senior Republicans.
The development came as the New York Times reported that phone records and intercepted calls show members of Mr Trump's presidential campaign, as well as other Trump associates, “had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election”.
However, officials spoken to by the newspaper said they had not yet seen evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia on the hacking of the Democratic National Committee or to influence the election.
Why Mr Flynn resigned
He stood down over allegations he discussed US sanctions with a Russian envoy before Mr Trump took office.
It would have been illegal for Mr Flynn to conduct US diplomacy as a private citizen, before he was appointed as national security adviser.
The retired army lieutenant-general initially denied having discussed sanctions with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak. Vice-President Mike Pence publicly denied the allegations on his behalf.
Acting Attorney General Sally Yates had warned the White House about the contacts and that Mr Flynn might be vulnerable to Russian blackmail on 26 January, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer.
Mr Trump had initially concluded that Mr Flynn's actions did not violate any law, according to Mr Spicer.
The White House counsel then conducted an extensive review and questioned Mr Flynn on multiple occasions before arriving at the same conclusion as Mr Trump, Mr Spicer added. But the trust had gone.
“In the end, it was misleading the vice-president that made the situation unsustainable,” White House Counsellor Kellyanne Conway said on Tuesday.
Mr Flynn was also reportedly questioned by FBI agents in his first days as national security adviser, according to US media.
What Mr Flynn says
In an interview conducted with the conservative website The Daily Caller on Monday, but published only on Tuesday, Mr Flynn said he “crossed no lines” in his conversation with the ambassador.
He said he discussed the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats over alleged hacking ahead of the election, but “it wasn't about sanctions”.
He said he was concerned that the apparently classified information had been leaked. “In some of these cases, you're talking about stuff that's taken off of a classified system and given to a reporter,” he said. “That's a crime.”
However, in his resignation letter, Mr Flynn said “the fast pace of events” during the presidential transition meant that he had “inadvertently briefed the vice-president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador”. BBC News
As the first day of spring arrives in Orange County, these 19 photos capture the season changing
Warmer climate threatens malaria spread in Ethiopia
Paris, France | AFP | Cool, high-lying areas of Ethiopia hitherto shielded from heat-loving malaria mosquitoes are increasingly exposed to the disease as the climate warms, researchers said Thursday.
Most Ethiopians live in the country's highlands, and have long enjoyed natural protection against mosquitoes carrying the malaria-causing parasites Plasmodium falciparum and P. vivax.
But the buffered area has been shrinking since 1981, scientists reported in the journal Environmental Research Letters. About six million people live in the newly-vulnerable regions.
Air temperatures below 18 degrees Celsius (64.4 degrees Fahrenheit) prevent development of P. falciparum. The survival threshold for P. vivax is 15 C, according to the research team.
Low temperatures also impede the spread of mosquitos that host the parasites.
Since temperatures decrease with altitude, much of the Ethiopian highlands — 1,500 to 2,500 metres (4,921 to 8,202 feet) above sea level — were beyond the reach of malaria transmission.
To date, it was not known whether the mercury had risen in the East African highlands, or whether global warming contributed to a recent upsurge in malaria in the region.
To find out, a team from the University of Maine and Columbia University in New York compiled a national temperature dataset for Ethiopia covering the period 1981-2014.
They discovered that temperatures rose at least 0.22 C (0.4 F) per decade.
The team then used the new climate data to pinpoint the highest elevation where the average minimum temperature never exceeds the 18 C or 15 C malaria threshold.
“The elevation at which the temperature thresholds are met has risen by more than 100 metres (328 feet) since 1981,” the study's lead author Bradfield Lyon of the University of Maine, said in a statement.
Taking into account natural variability in the regional climate and impacts of the seasonal El Nino weather phenomenon, the observed rise was “consistent” with global warming caused by mankind's burning of fossil fuels, the authors found.
“Of particular concern is that the… changes are occurring in the densely populated highlands, where higher elevation has historically served as a buffer against malaria transmission,” they wrote.
According to the World Health Organization, there were 212 million cases of malaria worldwide in 2015, and 429,000 deaths.
Ninety percent of malaria cases and deaths occur in Africa. Children under five are most at risk.
The post Warmer climate threatens malaria spread in Ethiopia appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BEIRUT — Smoothly and confidently, Syrian President Bashar Assad merged into traffic at a large roundabout in Damascus before driving himself to the suburbs where his forces are battling rebels.
The traffic around him and pedestrians making their way across the busy Umayyad Square gave no indication of knowing who was behind the wheel of the Honda sedan.
His low-profile trip was captured in videos filmed inside the car and released by his office late Sunday and early Monday. They show the president calm and assured as his forces appear close to clinch one of their most significant victories in the civil war.
Syrian troops are on the verge of retaking eastern Ghouta, the last major rebel bastion on the outskirts of the capital, where residents took to the streets against the Assad family's decades-long rule in the early days of the 2011 uprising.
As he drove, Assad, wearing sunglasses, narrated his route to the camera and gave his thoughts on the battle he was going to visit. He said the images of civilians streaming out of eastern Ghouta through a corridor manned by Syrian authorities showed that his government was still popular.
A white pickup seen in several of the videos appeared to be his only escort.
Before the war, Assad was known for driving in Damascus and Aleppo, Syria's largest city, and dining out with his wife. He has maintained a steady, sophisticated propaganda machine on social media throughout the war.
Half of Aleppo now lies in ruins after his forces, with unsparing support from Russia and Iran, destroyed the eastern part of the city to drive out rebels in 2016. Thousands of civilians fled with them and have not been able to return.
The scenario is repeating itself in eastern Ghouta, where government forces are waging a fierce air and ground campaign against a collection of suburbs that have resisted returning to government rule through seven years of war.
Close to 1,500 civilians have been killed in a month of heavy shelling and airstrikes. The government now controls 80 per cent of the area held by the opposition in February.
Tens of thousands of civilians have crossed over to government-held areas as the army has advanced in recent days. It is unclear where the government will house them. The fate of thousands of men wanted for military conscription and held on suspicion of desertion or fighting for the enemy remains unknown.
“The painful thing, despite the pride and happiness of this visit, is to see people who have been forced out of their homes and to live rough, because of the war and the terrorists,” said Assad as he entered eastern Ghouta. Outside the window, the landscape turned steadily to wreckage and ruin.
KAZAN, Russia — Four years after Brazil's humiliation at its home World Cup, Thiago Silva is back to his best in Russia, a country where his then-burgeoning career was almost tragically cut short years ago.
The 33-year-old Brazil centre back — who is nicknamed “O Monstro” for his exceptional physical abilities — is probably playing in his final World Cup, and he has been enjoying a perfect tournament so far.
While forward Neymar attracted negative comments for his antics on the field, Silva has been irreproachable. The captain arguably has been the best centre back of the tournament, alongside Uruguay captain Diego Godin.
Like Uruguay, Brazil has conceded only one goal in Russia so far, from a set piece in its opening 1-1 draw with Switzerland . And the Selecao's rivals have managed only five shots on target in their four matches against the five-time champions.
Silva has been playing a key role in helping Brazil achieve those impressive statistics, anchoring the defence with authority and class. During the 2-0 win against Mexico that guaranteed Brazil advanced to the quarterfinals for the seventh consecutive time, Silva was decisive both in the air and on the ground, blocked several shots and made two clearances.
“It's a huge joy to be doing an excellent cup and to be growing with every game,” Silva said. “I'm happy about my performance, and the performance of the team.”
Happiness and joy have been hard to come by during some stretches of Silva's career.
The native of Rio de Janeiro went through hard times after Brazil's 7-1 loss to Germany at the last World Cup. Silva did not play in that game because he was suspended, but he was harshly criticized and branded a cry baby for his emotional outbursts as he was pictured in tears before a penalty shootout against Chile in the round of 16.
After the tournament, he was stripped of the team's captaincy by new coach Dunga, then left off the regular roster after the 2015 Copa America. He returned from exile in September 2016 for World Cup qualifiers after being called up by Dunga's successor, Tite.
Those professional ups and downs are nothing compared to the ordeal Silva went through back in 2005, when he spent about six months in a Moscow hospital after he contracted tuberculosis. Regarded at the time as one of the world's most promising defenders, Silva had been sent on loan from Porto to Dynamo Moscow alongside several teammates.
“It was probably the worst episode of my life,” Silva said.
It was during a training camp in Portugal that doctor Yuri Vassilkov, who had travelled along with the team, noticed that Silva had a persistent cough.
“He had temperature and we thought it was a simple cold,” Vassilkov said in an interview with L'Equipe newspaper this week. “I gave him some medication but he did not improve. I was a bit worried and I sent him for exams at the British hospital in Lisbon. The diagnosis was terrible: tuberculosis. It was a shock.”
Vassilkov believes that the diagnosis was so late that Silva was weeks away from dying.
Silva was brought back to Moscow, where he was hospitalized in a centre specializing in tuberculosis treatment. At the time, Silva did not speak English or Russian and went through a bout of depression.
“The cold, the lack of natural light, the fact that I could not speak to anybody … All this was very difficult to handle,” Silva remembered in an interview with Belgian Sport/Foot magazine.
After Russian doctors at one point considered removing part of his lungs, Silva survived and fully recovered. He never played a game for Dynamo, and these painful events are just bad memories now.
“That would have ended my career. I needed guardian angels to take me away,” Silva said. “I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy.”
——
Associated Press writer Luis Andres Henao in Samara contributed to this report.
——
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Money Can Not Buy The Champions League – Toni Kroos
Toni Kroos has insisted that “you can't buy the Champions League trophy” as Real Madrid prepare to take on Bayern Munich in the first leg of their semi-final.
Madrid overcame Paris Saint-Germain en route to the final four, and Kroos has seemingly taken a shot at the French champions by claiming that investment counts for little when it comes to the European competition.
“You can't buy a Champions League trophy. If that was the case, we would not have won it so much,” Kroos told reporters. “It's special for a team like Madrid.
“We have players in condition to play at the highest level. If you have a lot of players with that experience, in these difficult moments, you know what you have to do and you don't lose your nerve. That's what takes us so far.
“This is the only chance we have to win a title. It was similar two years ago and we did it in the end. We're very motivated: winning it three times in a row is something unique. We had PSG in the second round and Juve in the quarter-finals. It's not the easiest road.”
The post Money Can Not Buy The Champions League – Toni Kroos appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
"My mom was like, 'Can't you just do that on the weekends, after surgery?'" he recalled with a laugh.
"So I made I deal with my mom: 'Let me go to school for this, and if I can't find a job after I'll get back into medicine.'"
Twenty years later, he's still working as a professional artist, focusing on comic-book characters that have a realistic, cinematic feel.
His YouTube channel, TheBoxOfficeArtist, has over 66,000 followers.
Raiz was commissioned to do the "Avengers: Infinity War" installation after creating a major "Star Wars" mural for his YouTube channel that got the attention of Marvel president Kevin Feige.
It was also praised on social media by some "Star Wars" cast members, including Mark Hamill, Peter Mayhew and Ian McDiarmid.
Raiz started the "Avengers" installation with hand drawings, using pen and ink on bristol board. He then scanned the images and coloured them digitally.
"They were really supportive in whatever I wanted to do," Raiz said of Disney. "I would say this whole piece is almost completely my vision."
One of the biggest challenges was trying to nail the facial features of the actors.
"I found that drawing Scarlett Johansson's face was a bit of a challenge for me, especially because I drew it small," he said.
Then there was the "extreme pressure" of putting his work out there for fervent "Avengers" fans around the world.
"There are going to be people online who are going to go over everything with a fine-toothed comb," he said with a laugh.
"It's always a worry but at the same time, I'm just happy that I got this opportunity to draw something like this for Marvel. If this is the last piece I ever do, I'm happy.
"To be able to touch every single movie, doing a big mural like this — what could possibly top this at this point?"
___
Online:
https://www.youtube.com/user/TheBoxOfficeArtist
By Victoria Ahearn, The Canadian Press
A full day after Roseanne Barr launched her now-infamous racist tweet about former Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett - which resulted the swift cancellation on Tuesday afternoon of her ABC sitcom - the dust is starting has started to settle and there are more questions than answers.
What will happen to the show's writers and producers - who are now out of a job on the same day they had been scheduled to return to work on the show's second new season?
What show will the network plug into that coveted Tuesday prime time slot?
A network representative told ABC News on Wednesday that they are "still discussing" what will replace the show that premiered in March to some of the highest ratings for ABC in years. The rep said there might be a decision on what's next for the key timeslot "by week's end.”
Well-known television series have been cancelled over behind-the-scenes controversies before. Arkansas-based Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar's popular TLC show, "19 Kids and Counting," was cancelled after sexual molestation allegations surfaced about one of the couple's sons. VH1's "Ev and Ocho" was cancelled after Ocho was reportedly arrested for attacking Ev.
But few if any shows with a national audience as large as "Roseanne" had have been so abruptly cancelled.
Adam Rose/ABC via Getty Images
The show's writers had been scheduled to return to work on the show's new second season on the same day it was cancelled. Both a network representative and showrunner Dave Caplan have said that Tuesday was to be the first day back for the writers - so no new plotlines had been discussed yet.
But the reaction in the writer's room when the tweet dropped was “universal disgust,” Caplan told The Hollywood Reporter.
"The day began by reading her tweet and I was immediately horrified ... I suspected there might not be any coming back from it," Caplan said, adding that the racist tweet stopped everyone in their tracks and no one could work.
"None of us were in the frame of mind to start writing the show under the circumstances,” Caplan said. “We got together as a group for the first time and there was a lot of bittersweet hellos — and a couple hours later, a lot of very difficult goodbyes."
Robert Trachtenberg/ABC via Getty Images
Caplan said the team found out about the cancellation through the media, which was verified to them by fellow showrunner Tom Werner.
"Everybody is still in shock at how quickly this all went down,” he said. “It's unfortunate because the writers did pass on other jobs to take this job and nobody really knows yet what kind of compensation they're going to get. Everybody is a little bit on edge about how it's going to turn out."
He continued, "Bruce Helford, Bruce Rasmussen and I have a pilot project with Tom Werner for ABC and we'll continue working together. I know that Tom really regretted the fact that we had such a wonderful writing staff together ... and I know he'd like to continue using it in some fashion if that were possible."
Caplan hasn't heard from Barr, "nor do I expect to," and stressed that her tweet "doesn't reflect anything to do with our show, which was built on trying to explore a universal humanity that everyone goes through during hard times and difficult circumstances."
With regards to the other actors themselves on the show, stars like Sara Gilbert have said they are "disappointed in [Barr's] actions to say the least," but aside from other projects currently in the works, there's no word on what some of them will do next.
A-list stars like Mindy Kaling were quick to offer options though.
"Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman let me write things for you," she tweeted Tuesday.
Goodman also has a few films in the work, according to IMDB, including the thriller "Captive State." Metcalf - nominated for an Oscar last year for "Lady Bird" – is the voice of a character in the animated "Toy Story 4."
Lesser known names like Alicia Goranson, who played Becky, has a film, "Buck Run," that is listed as completed, while Michael Fishman, who played D.J, also has a completed project titled "Adi Shankar's Gods and Secrets."
Barr has nothing listed under her profile beyond "Roseanne."
Since 2003, the NYSE has required the boards of listed companies to conduct an annual self-evaluation.[i] Commentators have endorsed such evaluations as being a critical corporate governance best practice, arguing that no one—not managers, shareholders, or regulators—has better information about how a board performs.[ii] Outsiders are largely limited to evaluating board members based on outputs, such as firm performance, while board members are in the room and thus able to use a much broader set of metrics to evaluate both inputs and outputs.
In practice, however, boards are as bad at self-evaluation as they are the most other tasks. Barely half of companies evaluate the performance of individual directors, as opposed to evaluating the board as a whole,[iii] despite the obvious importance of determining whether individual board members are making effective contributions to the board's decision-making processes. Of those that do conduct individual evaluations, just slightly over a third believe their company's evaluation of individual directors provide an accurate assessment of each individual's contributions.[iv]
Osun West bye-election: Late Adeleke's brother emerges PDP candidate
The younger brother of late Sen. Isiaka Adeleke, Demola, has emerged the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the Osun West Senatorial District bye-election. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Adeleke, who had been cleared to contest for the primary on the platform of APC, defected to PDP on Tuesday evening.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By LINDA A. JOHNSON
AP Medical Writer
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the first drug to slow kidney decline in patients with the most common inherited kidney disease.
Jynarque (jihn-AR'-kew), from Japan's Otsuka Pharmaceutical, was approved Tuesday for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
The progressive genetic disorder is the fourth-leading cause of kidney failure. It causes fluid-filled cysts to develop in and damage kidneys.
The FDA rejected it in 2013 but approved it after the drugmaker did an additional study. That one-year study, involving 1,370 patients with advanced disease, found the drug on average slowed kidney function decline about 35 percent more than dummy pills.
Otsuka says the drug, also known as tolvaptan, will cost $13,041 per month without insurance.
Jynarque can cause serious, even fatal liver injury, excessive urination and other side effects.
___
This story has been corrected to show the drug's price will be $13,041 per month, not $13,401.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The American who was injured in the shooting rampage at an Istanbul nightclub told Turkish reporters today that he was part of a group of about nine people at the New Year's Eve celebration at the club and that seven of them had been shot.
Jacob Raak, who spoke to reporters while on a gurney at an airport in Istanbul, also seemed to allude to the fact that Americans don't live with a daily concern about terror attacks in the same way as people in Turkey.
"All I can say is it's a massive tragedy. This is very unfortunate," Raak told Turkish reporters. "I wake up in the United States, I eat breakfast. You guys wake up and have to think of this. It's so, so sad."
Raak, whose family had earlier identified him as a 35-year-old small business owner from Greenville, Delaware, according to ABC station WPVI in Philadelphia, went to the Reina nightclub while on vacation in Turkey.
He was shot in the leg, his brother, Michael, told WPVI. The brother said the bullet may have struck Raak's cellphone, possibly preventing a more serious injury.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — The use of the term "alternative facts" by Kellyanne Conway, an adviser to President Donald Trump, tops a Yale Law School librarian's list of the most notable quotes of 2017.
The statement Conway made when asked why Trump's then-Press Secretary Sean Spicer mischaracterized the size of inauguration crowds is one of many Trump-related quotations on the list, assembled by Fred Shapiro, an associate director at the library.
"I actually had to limit the amount of Trump-related quotations on the list so as not to have the list overwhelmed by him," Shapiro said.
The yearly list is an update to "The Yale Book of Quotations," which was first published in 2006. Shapiro chooses quotes that are famous or revealing of the spirit of the times, and not necessarily eloquent or admirable.
___
THE LIST
1. "Sean Spicer, our press secretary, gave alternative facts." — Kellyanne Conway, interview on NBC "Meet the Press," Jan. 22.
2. "Alternative facts are not facts, they're falsehoods." — Chuck Todd, interview of Kellyanne Conway on "Meet the Press," Jan. 22.
3. "I just fired the head of the FBI. He was crazy, a real nut job. I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off." — Trump, as reported by The New York Times, explaining the firing of James Comey to visiting Russian officials, May 10.
4. "With respect to any women who have made allegations on the record, Mr. Weinstein believes that all of these relationships were consensual." — Sallie Hofmeister, spokeswoman for Harvey Weinstein, Oct. 10.
5. "Make our planet great again." — Emmanuel Macron, statement on the withdrawal of the United States from the Paris climate agreement, June 1.
6. "We can't have the inmates running the prison." — Robert McNair, owner of the Houston Texans football team, describing players protesting the national anthem, as quoted in ESPN The Magazine, Oct. 27.
7. "Yes." — Elizabeth Warren, responding to Jake Tapper's question on whether the 2016 Democratic primaries were rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton, in an interview on CNN's "The Lead," Nov. 2.
8. "And the Academy Award ... for Best Picture ... La La Land." — Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway, mistakenly reading the wrong winner for Best Picture in an envelope mix-up, Academy Awards ceremony, Feb. 27.
9. "It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center." — Bob Corker, Republican senator from Tennessee, in a tweet, Oct. 8.
10. "There is too much money in the world." — Lawrence Luhring, art dealer, reacting to the sale of a painting possibly by Leonardo da Vinci for over $450 million, as quoted in The New York Times, Nov. 16.
WARSAW, Poland — Pope Francis' decision to move the World War II-era head of Poland's Catholic Church a step closer to possible sainthood has hit a stumbling block, after two leading Jewish organizations and even Polish Catholic publications called him out for anti-Semitic views.
It's not clear if the protests will derail the sainthood cause of Cardinal August Hlond, but in the past the Vatican has taken such protests seriously and at the very least put the cases up for closer review.
In May, Francis approved a decree recognizing Hlond's “heroic virtues.” Now the Vatican must confirm a miracle attributed to Hlond's intercession for him to be beatified, and a second one for him to be made a saint.
Hlond, born July 5, 1881, was the highest-ranking church official in Poland from 1926 to his death in 1948. He is highly respected in this overwhelmingly Catholic country for having rejected Nazi Germany's proposals for a collaborative government, and for protecting the church's independence during the first years of communism.
In its protest, the American Jewish Committee pointed to a passage in a 1936 pastoral letter by Hlond, who was Poland's primate then, that showed his attitude toward Jews and echoed the general line of the Catholic Church of the time.
The group also criticized Hlond's failure to condemn the killings of at least 40 Jews in Poland in 1946 by a mob and secret security. It argued that moving forward with the canonization process will be seen as an “expression of approval of Cardinal Hlond's extremely negative approach toward the Jewish community.”
“It's very difficult to see how you can still claim that the man was a paragon (of saintliness) when the data is so explicit,” AJC's director of interreligious affairs, Rabbi David Rosen, told The Associated Press.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center, a Nazi-hunting body, said making Hlond a saint would “further embolden” Poland's right-wing government in its “headlong efforts to selectively rewrite Polish activities from that tragic era.”
The disputed passage in Hlond's letter reads: “It is a fact that the Jews are fighting against the Catholic Church, persisting in free thinking, and are the vanguard of godlessness, Bolshevism and subversion.”
It has frequently been cited as evidence of the Catholic Church's institutional anti-Semitism prior to the modernizing reforms of the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s.
But Hlond also wrote that there are many “ethically outstanding, noble and respectable” Jews, and that all Jews should be “respected and loved as persons and as neighbours.”
In what appeared to be a condemnation of German Nazi laws, the letter warned against “imported from abroad” anti-Semitism that's “incompatible with Catholic ethics.”
“It is not allowed to attack Jews, beat them, injure them or slander them,” Hlond said in the letter, which priests read out in churches at Lent in 1936.
He said it was “good” to support Polish businesses and avoid Jewish ones, but it was “forbidden” to “ravage Jewish shops, destroy the goods of the Jews, break windows, throw firecrackers at their homes.”
Rosen, who has decades of experience in Catholic-Jewish relations, said the process of making Hlond a saint should be halted.
But the Polish priest promoting Hlond's case before the Vatican's Congregations for the Causes of Saints said the criticism is “unfounded” because Hlond's words had been taken out of context. Mgr. Boguslaw Koziol has discussed all the documents with Vatican experts, and insists Hlond preached love regardless of nation or religion.
Koziol believes that the whole passage — titled “From our Sins” — was progressive for its time and aimed to protect Jews from violence. But he admits it also included questionable ideas.
Hlond's critics “have focused on this negative part of the letter, but are not quoting any other part,” he told the AP.
Catholic weekly Tygodnik Powszechny argued that the letter failed to protect Jews from the attacks of Polish nationalists.
It said Hlond didn't “suggest any way out of the ‘Jewish problem,' or any good plan for a dignified and peaceful coexistence in one country. One could protest: these were not yet the times of dialogue. But one may also reply: shouldn't we expect candidates for sainthood to be larger than the routine thinking of their times?”
Referring to the July 4, 1946 pogrom in the town of Kielce — where a mob and secret security forces killed at least 40 Jews and two Poles who were defending them — Rosen said that Hlond “did not condemn the pogrom nor urge Poles to stop murdering Jews. Rather, he pointed out that the Jews were all communists or supporters of communism and that the pogrom was their own fault.”
Koziol, however, blames Poland's post-war communist rule for Hlond's reticence. Any direct condemnation would have meant a confrontation with the regime and repercussions for the church.
In 2005, the Vatican shelved the planned beatification of French priest the Rev. Leon Dehon and launched an inquiry after complaints about his anti-Semitic views.
Preston North End's run in the FA Cup came to a halt when they were beaten by Leeds United at Elland Road in January 1983.
The Lilywhites had reached the third round thanks to a 5-1 victory over non-league side Shepshed Charterhouse and a 2-1 win against Blackpool – a game which attracted a season's best crowd of 14,148.
John Lukic gathers a cross ahead of PNE striker Steve Elliott
More than 3,000 North End supporters made the trip to Elland Road in the hope of seeing a cup upset, Leeds a level above in the Second Division.
Unfortunately, things did not turn out the way they wanted, although the contest was probably closer than the scoreline might suggest.
Two of the Leeds' goals came in the last 12 minutes, as Preston were caught out trying to find a way back into the game.
PNE manager Gordon Lee had gambled when selecting his team, finding a place for Tommy Booth in the centre of defence, this Booth's first appearance for more than eight months after a serious injury.
Preston striker Alex Bruce in action against Leeds in January 1983
Don O'Riordan moved to right-back to accommodate Booth's return, but it was a gamble which backfired.
Booth hadn't played any reserve games to get his match fitness back, and looked rusty.
Lee would reason that he wanted O'Riordan's pace at right-back to help deal with Arthur Graham on Leeds' left-wing.
North End fell behind in the 32nd minute when Booth's stray pass gave away possession to home striker Aiden Butterworth.
North End midfielder John Kelly is challenged in the box at Elland Road
His pass picked out Terry Connor, who in turn played in John Sheridan in the box.
Sheridan's shot took a touch off Preston centre-half Alan Gowling and deflected past keeper Peter Litchfield.
The visitors pressed for an equaliser, a mistake by Leeds goalkeeper John Lukic letting in John Kelly down the side of the box.
But his cross failed to find a PNE team-mate and the chance went begging.
Steve Elliott, John Kelly and Graham Houston look on as a Leeds defender clears his lines
In the second half, Willie Naughton lifted a shot over the bar after Lukic had failed to hold a cross.
Graham Houston forced a good save from the keeper, while Kelly saw a shout for a penalty fall on deaf ears.
The game was put beyond North End's reach when the home side scored twice in the space of two minutes.
In the 78th minute a pass from Leeds player/manager Eddie Gray found Graham, his cross finding Connor, who fired past Litchfield.
Then with 80 minutes on the clock, Graham swapped passes with Connor, before the Scotsman found the net.
That was the move of the match and sealed victory.
One consolation for North End was their share of the gate money from a 16,816 crowd – estimated to be around the £9,000 mark.
PNE boss Lee said: “It was a disappointing result, but we have nothing to be ashamed about.
“We played some really good football and caused Leeds plenty of problems all through the game.”
PNE: Litchfield, O'Riordan, Booth, Gowling, McAteer, Houston (Bell), Walsh, Kelly, Naughton, Bruce, Elliott.
Attendance: 16,816
After setting a new record at Friday's food drive, Community Care of St. Catharines and Thorold hopes the momentum continues.
The organization's executive director Betty-Lou Souter said the Bell Media sponsored Great Holiday Food Drive at St. Catharines city hall brought in about $280,000 in cash, food, clothes and toys - $5,000 more than a year earlier.
“Has it helped us get where we have to go? Absolutely. And we're getting closer each and everyday,” Souter said. “Certainly we have a fair bit of a way to go, but we're getting there inch by inch.”
It's enough to get the agency through the Christmas season and well into next year.
“It has us well positioned,” she said. “It creates the momentum to keep it going and going. Put it this way, the phone hasn't stopped and we're doing all kinds of stuff. That's very positive for us.”
But considering the ever increasing costs of food and other items, Souter said $280,000 isn't worth as much as it was - even a year ago.
“We probably need to reevaluate it,” she said.
Although estimating donations by their financial value is a standard used by the Ontario Association of Food Banks, Souter said it is “under discussion.”
Meanwhile, she said the organization has also seen an increasing number of people pitching in for the organization's Adopt A Family program.
Nearly 200 people have so far registered to be part of the program, and pitch in to help families in need during the holiday season.
“There are more people who want to reach out in that way, so that's very positive for us,” she said.
“Everybody likes to do to adopt a family piece because it's a feel good story where they're given names of people and they go out and choose (gifts) for them.”
Most of the participants have been assigned families in need of assistance, and have already gone on shopping trips to fill the wish lists of those families.
“We make sure that nobody has been left out. We have a cadre of special Santa's who help us when push comes to shove,” she said.
More information about the program is available online at communitycarestca.ca/adopt-a-family.
ABenner@postmedia.com
U.S. stocks faded a bit from their record highs on Friday after telecom and energy stocks sank. The loss for the Standard & Poor's 500 index was small, but it was the first in nearly two weeks.
On Thursday:
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 2.74 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,549.33.
The Dow Jones industrial average slipped 1.72, or less than 0.1 per cent, to 22,773.67.
The Nasdaq composite added 4.82, or 0.1 per cent, to 6,590.18.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks fell 1.87, or 0.1 per cent, to 1,510.22
For the week:
The S&P 500 is up 29.97 points, or 1.2 per cent.
The Dow is up 368.58 points, or 1.6 per cent.
The Nasdaq is up 94.22 points, or 1.5 per cent.
The Russell 200 is up 19.35 points, or 1.3 per cent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 310.50 points, or 13.9 per cent.
The Dow is up 3,011.07 points, or 15.2 per cent.
The Nasdaq is up 1,207.06 points, or 22.4 per cent.
The Russell 200 is up 153.09 points, or 11.3 per cent.
SUDBURY, Ont. — Police say a drug seizure in northern Ontario resulted in the arrest of a man suspected of murder in Belize, as well as other crimes in Toronto.
The Greater Sudbury Police Service says the man was arrested on Friday as part of a drug bust at a local home.
A check on the man's identity, which was not released, found he was wanted for a number of alleged crimes further afield.
They say he's wanted in Belize on one count of first-degree murder, but did not provide details of the case.
In Toronto, police had a warrant out for his arrest on several charges including robbery with a firearm, extortion and theft under $5,000.
Sudbury police say he will answer to local drug charges, travel to Toronto to face charges there, then be extradited to Belize.
MONTREAL — The Montreal International Jazz Festival is cancelling the remaining presentations of a show that has been criticized because it features a white woman singing songs composed by black slaves.
The festival says it is apologizing to anyone who was hurt by the decision to put on the shows.
“Since the beginning of SLAV performances, the festival team has been shaken and strongly affected by all comments received,” it said in a statement Wednesday.
“For the Festival international de Jazz de Montreal, inclusion and reconciliation between communities is essential. We made the decision with the artist Betty Bonifassi to cancel all performances of the show at the festival.”
The decision comes a day after U.S. musician Moses Sumney cancelled a gig at the jazz festival to protest the SLAV shows.
At the premiere last week, about 75 protesters staged a demonstration outside the theatre that was hosting the performance, which was directed by renowned Quebec playwright Robert Lepage.
Police had to form a cordon to block protesters in order to allow people to enter.
Bonifassi, a Montreal-based singer known for her Oscar-nominated work on the soundtrack of “Les Triplettes de Belleville,” was the main performer.
Lepage and Bonifassi earlier released a joint statement on Facebook in which they said, “Yes, the history of slavery, in all its various forms, belongs first and foremost to those who have been oppressed and to the descendants of those people.
“Diversity and its artistic potential are at the heart of SLAV as much as the legacy of slavery. Do we have the right to tell these stories? Audience members will have the opportunity to decide after having seen the show.”
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The return of two-time Super Bowl MVP Eli Manning to the New York Giants' starting lineup a week after being benched didn't have a storybook ending.
It was like many of the Giants' games this season. They were competitive for most of the day and found a way to lose.
Manning even threw a couple of late interceptions to contribute to New York's 11th loss in 13 games in this dreadful season.
It didn't matter though. Manning back in the starting lineup in the 30-10 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday had some heart-warming moments.
Most in the announced crowd of 78,125 at MetLife Stadium stood and gave him a standing ovation as the Giants took the field midway through the first quarter trailing 3-0. They applauded even louder at the end of the 17-play drive that ended with a game-tying field goal early in the second quarter.
And the best was chants of “E-Lie Mann-ing” after the 36-year-old threw a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Rhett Ellison to give New York a short-lived 10-3 lead late in the second quarter.
The 14-year veteran who has been the face of the franchise since joining the team in 2004 heard it clearly.
“I thought we had a good crowd today and I appreciate all the support these past weeks, and sorry we couldn't get them a better game today,” said Manning, who finished 31 of 46 for 228 yards and two interceptions.
The cheers of the crowd were not the only voices Manning heard this week. He has gotten phone calls, texts, messages and all sorts of encouragement from friends and former teammates and peers who were upset with the way former coach Ben McAdoo told him he was being benched prior to last weekend's game against Oakland.
McAdoo had said the team needed to evaluate quarterbacks Geno Smith and rookie Davis Webb. Manning was told he would start and play a half in Oakland.
Manning said “No thanks.” If he was going to play, it would be to win, not to keep his streak of 210 consecutive starts alive.
“Whether it was from former teammates, friends, fans, notes, text messages, it meant a lot,” Manning said of the support. “Those former teammates who I played with, I appreciated it. It made me want to be a better teammate to Geno and support him. And from the fans, I appreciate the nice words said about me. I just had to do the right thing and be a good person, and be a great teammate, and that's what I strived to do.”
Manning got his chance to play again when McAdoo was fired Monday along with general manager Jerry Reese. Interim coach Steve Spagnuolo went with his gut and decided to go back to Manning, believing it gave the Giants their best chance to win in the final four games.
Manning said his whole focus this week has been on playing and winning.
“Obviously the last few weeks have been difficult with losing my starting job and losing your head coach,” said Manning, whose long pass was a 35-yarder to tight end Evan Engram . “Those things are hard and they are personal, and hurt. I don't like losing a head coach, I take that personally. That's on me for not doing my job. I don't like losing my starting job. That's personal, also, and that's because I haven't played well enough and we're not winning games. I appreciate Spags giving me an opportunity to get to start this week and see if we could get us a win, and I'm sorry we didn't play well enough to get that win.”
Spagnuolo also didn't win in his return to the head coaching ranks. He guided the St. Louis Rams from 2009-11.
“Look, it doesn't feel good right now because we lost the football game,” Spagnuolo said. “So, your mind goes back to all the things you could have, should have, would have done. That's what happens when you lose.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and –http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
By Abby Hassler
Chance the Rapper held a free concert in Chicago last night (August 13), where he streamed a special digital appearance from former President Barack Obama.
Related: Chance the Rapper Joins Kendrick Lamar for ‘No Problem'
In the video, Obama congratulates Chance for serving as the Grand Marshal of the city's annual Bud Billiken parade, which is the oldest and largest African American parade in the country, according to Pitchfork.
The rapper gave away free tickets to the concert during his parade appearance earlier that day.
Watch the video below.
Parents of students attending New Trier High School in Illinois are dismayed by the school's insistence on hosting a civil right “Seminar Day” that discusses white privilege, microaggressions, and implicit bias.
On February 28, New Trier will host an School Seminar Day titled Understanding Today's Struggle for Racial Civil Rights. Students are required to attend a keynote speech as well as one homeroom workshop, but many parents are asking the school to cancel or postpone the seminar over perceived liberal bias, The Chicago Tribune reports.
"The history of civil rights in our country is not a controversial issue; it did happen."
According to course catalogs for the seminar, workshops include “Appropriation vs. Appreciation,” “Blackenomics 101,” “Socialization and Implicit Bias,” and “Microaggressions: Not So Small.”
The description for the cultural appropriation course explains that “students will be presented with some of the history of cultural appropriation in America and discuss current controversies over popular culture, media, musical expression, costumes, hair, sports mascots, and film representations of different cultures.”
[RELATED: UMass creates cultural appropriation ‘threat meter' for Halloween]
In addition to the above workshops, students can choose to attend “A People's History of Chicago,” aptly named after far-left historical revisionist Howard Zinn's book A People's History of the United States.
“Parents of New Trier,” a group of parents created to oppose the apparent political bias in the seminar, said they want the school to add conservative speakers to the event so that it is more balanced.
One member of the group, Betsy Hart, said Concerned Parents want “diverse voices to help problem-solve on race relations,” but Superintendent Linda Yonke insisted that it is too late to change the scheduled programming.
Yonke also challenged claims that any of the material to be presented falls under a school policy that requires balanced coverage of controversial issues, explaining that the civil rights movement “did happen” and thus the programming is “not controversial.”
[RELATED: Civil rights group challenges UConn over blacks-only dorm plans]
“This policy was developed to address issues like sex education and evolution that were considered controversial," Yonke said. "The history of civil rights in our country is not a controversial issue; it did happen."
Notably, Parents of New Trier aren't trying to cancel the seminar entirely, but rather want to increase the intellectual diversity of the event, and have even suggested additional panelists such as Star Parker, Corey Brooks, and Allen West to help balance its perspective, but have thus far been rebuffed by school officials.
According to Mark Glennon, the daily operating costs for New Trier are over $533,000, and the All Day Seminar will add an additional $30,000 in costs.
Opponents and supporters of the Seminar Day programming both plan to attend the next New Trier School Board meeting on Feb. 20 to debate the matter.
A petition being circulated by supporters of the current program had garnered 4,138 signatures at press time, while Hart told the Tribune that Parents of New Trier had collected several hundred signatures on its own petition as of Friday afternoon.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @amber_athey
Death row inmate Jeffery Lynn Borden is seen in this undated Alabama Dept of Corrections photo. Courtesy Alabama Dept of Corrections/Handout via REUTERS
By Bernie Woodall and David Beasley
(Reuters) - The execution of a 56-year-old man convicted of committing a Christmas Eve 1993 double murder in Alabama was put on hold after a U.S. district judge issued a stay and the state attorney general did not immediately appeal, officials said on Thursday.
Jeffrey Borden was convicted of shooting to death his estranged wife, Cheryl Borden, and his father-in-law, Roland Harris, in Gardendale in front of the former couple's children.
The grounds for the stay were not immediately clear. The execution had been scheduled Thursday.
"It will not be tonight," Alabama Department of Corrections spokeswoman Samantha Banks said by phone.
The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals last week had granted the injunction to allow Borden to challenge the use of the sedative midazolam. Borden's attorneys argued that midazolam does not render an inmate sufficiently unconscious and should not be used in executions.
In Florida, another man also convicted of double murder was still set to be put to death on Thursday barring a late stay.
Michael Lambrix, 57, was scheduled for execution at the Florida State Prison in Starke.
Lambrix was convicted of killing a man and a woman in 1983 in Glades County in southwest Florida after inviting them over to eat spaghetti during a night of drinking, court records show.
Lambrix choked and stomped on Aleisha Bryant and hit Clarence Moore Jr. over the head with a tire tool, according to the records.
But Lambrix said the court system that condemned him overlooked evidence that he said would show he killed Moore in self-defense. Lambrix also said Moore killed Bryant.
"It won't be an execution," Lambrix told reporters on Tuesday at the prison in Starke. "It's going to be an act of cold-blooded murder."
Lambrix is seeking a late stay from the U.S. Supreme Court on the grounds that his death sentence should be considered unconstitutional because justices ruled in 2016 that Florida was allowing judges power that should be given to juries.
Florida's death penalty laws have since been changed so that only a unanimous vote by a jury can condemn someone to death. A jury vote recommending the death penalty after Lambrix's conviction was not unanimous.
(Reporting by Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and David Beasley in Atlanta; editing by Cynthia Osterman and Grant McCool)
Moon's magnetic field lasted far longer than once believed
by Staff Writers
New Brunswick NJ (SPX) Aug 14, 2017
Sonia Tikoo, an assistant professor in the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences at Rutgers University-New Brunswick, looks at moon rock samples in a Petri dish. Credit Nick Romanenko/Rutgers University
The moon's magnetic field lasted 1 billion to 2.5 billion years longer than once thought - a finding with important implications for habitability on other moons and planets throughout the universe, a Rutgers University-New Brunswick professor says.
"The Earth's magnetic field is a shield that protects us from dangerous solar wind particles and ionizing radiation, so magnetic fields play a key role in the habitability of planets and, possibly, moons," said Sonia Tikoo, lead author of a study published online in Science Advances and an assistant professor in Rutgers' Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences.
"Without this shield, we'd have more radiation, we'd have lots of mutations and who knows how life would respond in an unstable environment like that," said Tikoo, who began working on the study in 2013 while she was a graduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and who has examined more than 10 moon rocks. "It would be a harsher place to survive in."
In their study, the researchers - for the first time - successfully heated a lunar rock brought to Earth during an Apollo space mission to retrieve an accurate intensity for the lunar magnetic field, she said. The energetic cores of planets and moons generate magnetic fields, and rocks can record magnetic fields to which they were exposed.
Tikoo reanalyzed a moon rock collected by the Apollo 15 crew on Aug. 1, 1971, on the southern rim of Dune Crater within eastern Mare Imbrium. The small, young rock - partially coated with melted glass - likely formed during a meteor impact on the lunar surface.
Tikoo used a rock magnetometer to analyze the lunar rock. The device measures the strength and direction of magnetic fields in rocks. She slowly demagnetized the rock to reveal its original magnetization, heating it to 1,436 degrees Fahrenheit in a controlled atmosphere chamber at MIT to keep the heat from altering the rock.
The researchers think the moon's magnetic field declined by about 90 percent from its high point 3.56 billion years ago or earlier. That's when the moon's magnetic field was about the same strength as the Earth's is today - an average of about 50 microteslas, a measure of magnetism.
The lunar rock Tikoo tested, which is about 1 billion to 2.5 billion years old, recorded 5 microteslas. The moon has no core-generated magnetic field today, and scientists don't know when it turned off. Lingering questions include trying to figure out when the field ceased and what the field was like between 3.56 billion and 2.5 billion years ago, she said.
"We didn't think that small planetary bodies could generate magnetic fields for a very long time because they have smaller cores that would cool quickly and crystallize early in their lifetimes," she said. "Because the rate of crystallization depends on the core composition, our finding may challenge what we think the lunar core is made of. It's mostly made of iron, but something must be mixed in with it: sulfur, carbon or another element."
When a planet's magnetic field dies, ionizing particles from its sun can lead to the loss of its water over hundreds of millions of years, Tikoo said. "That's a big deal in terms of habitability," she said, adding that Mars once had lots of water but lost nearly all of it after its magnetic field died about 4 billion years ago.
"Whenever we look at exoplanets or the moons of exoplanets that could be in the habitable zone, we can consider the magnetic field as an important player in habitability," she said. "Then the question becomes what size planets and moons should we be considering as possibly habitable worlds."
Video
Study coauthors include Benjamin P. Weiss of MIT; David L. Shuster of the University of California, Berkeley; and Clement Suavet, Huapei Wang and Timothy L. Grove of MIT.
Greenbelt MD (SPX) Aug 09, 2017
A novel mission concept involving two CubeSats connected by a thin, miles-long tether could help scientists understand how the Moon got its mysterious "tattoos" - swirling patterns of light and dark found at more than 100 locations across the lunar surface. NASA's Planetary Science Deep Space SmallSat Studies, or PSDS3, program recently selected a team at the Goddard Space Flight Center in ... read more
Related Links
The inquest into the death of a murdered Leeds teenager was opened and adjourned this morning.
Wakefield Coroner's Court heard that Raheem Omar Wilks, 19, died after receiving a gunshot wound to the chest in a barber's shop in Gathorne Terrace on January 26 this year.
Temporary detective inspector Shaun Bartram confirmed to the court that a post-mortem of Mr Wilks, of Roundhay Grove, Chapeltown, had been carried out.
Mr Wilks received a gunshot wound to the chest before he died in hospital, the court heard.
David Hinchliff, senior coroner for West Yorkshire, adjourned the inquest to await the outcome of criminal proceedings relating to Mr Wilks's death.
Two people have been charged with his murder and will stand trial on October 16.
Plumber Mr Wilks was the brother of Leeds United player Mallik Wilks.
His body will now be released so that his funeral can take place.
A New York City judge ordered DMX to house arrest Friday, for violations of his bail terms, including multiple failed drugs tests and traveling out of state without permission. The rapper was arrested in July on charges of tax evasion, with the IRS alleging he moved $1.7 million between managers' accounts to avoid taxation on the funds. The Daily Mail reports US District Judge Jed Rakoff let him off with an electronic ankle bracelet, hesitating to lock him because DMX had yet to face trial.
DMX reportedly left the courthouse and headed straight to a hot dog stand, where he downed a couple dogs and an orange soda, before taking photos with cops. When asked how he would celebrate his freedom, he told reporters: “That's a celebration right there. Just being in there and being able to walk out.”
DMX is charged with 14 counts of tax evasion and, if convicted and sentenced to the maximum penalty, could spend 44 years in prison.
As the video below shows, it looks like all you need to do is connect your iPhone (Android support arrives sometimes later this year) to your Jag's infotainment system via USB. From there, everything is handled via the car's touchscreen. How this differs from other mobile payment tech, Jaguar says, is that this one uses geolocation in concert with PayPal or Apple Pay for transactions.
The functionality launches February 15th in the UK and additional availability will roll out over the course of this year. Jaguar says that additional applications of the tech could include drive-through restaurants and parking services. Which, to be honest, sound far more convenient than paying for gas. I mean, you still have to get out of your car for the former. The latter? It should eliminate the awkwardness of digging your wallet from a back pocket while you're seated.
Actor Robson Green said the late Diana, Princess of Wales, was a fan of his former musical duo Robson and Jerome.
The TV star, who appears in the return of period drama Grantchester this weekend, said Diana and the Duchess of York, Sarah Ferguson, would "sing along" to their tunes.
He told the Radio Times of when he learned of their adoration, while speaking about his dedicated fans who still manage to seek him out despite his remote home in Northumberland.
Green said of his fans: "They're always there anyway. All these women going 'It's him! It's him!'.
"But guess who was a huge fan of Robson and Jerome? Princess Diana.
"Fergie told me that she and Diana used to sing along to us. They danced to it on a ski trip to the Alps."
Robson and Jerome, consisting of Green and his Soldier Soldier co-star Jerome Flynn, were known for their catalogue of cover versions of songs in the 1990s.
Their biggest hits included Unchained Melody and What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted.
Green, 52, also spoke about being "devastated" when his house and possessions were washed away in a flood two years ago.
He said: "I live in an old ferryman's cottage that's 350 years old, and I love it. I've got Hadrian's Wall to the north and there are pheasants and deer in the garden every morning.
"But in 2015, my house was under 7ft of water, destroyed in a flood.
"Everything precious and personal in my life, just washed away. It was very painful, I was devastated. Not only were there salmon going down the Tyne that day, my three-piece suite was, too."
He praised the emergency services who helped him out during the incident.
"I thought, 'Well, I have my health'. And I felt I'd happily pay 50 per cent tax for the fire and rescue services because, man, they don't get enough," Green said.
"It was very moving: one came in and she said, 'Come on, we've got a cup of tea for you'."
Green reprises his role as Detective Inspector Geordie Keating in the detective drama set in the 1950s Cambridgeshire when it returns to ITV on Sunday at 9pm.
* Read the full interview in the Radio Times, out now.
WINNIPEG — The Manitoba government says its plan to put a two-year wage freeze on civil servants is legal and it is asking a judge to reject a union request for an injunction to stop the move.
Government lawyer Heather Leonoff says the Progressive Conservative government's decision to impose the freeze falls within its powers to set its own policy.
“Government has authority to legislate,” she told court Wednesday.
The government passed legislation last year that mandates wage freezes for two years followed by a raise of 0.75 in the third year and one per cent in the fourth. The legislation has not been enacted, but union leaders say it is affecting contract talks because negotiators are already feeling to bound by it.
Leonoff said it doesn't target specific unions, is time limited and still allows for collective bargaining and strikes.
She pointed to a 2015 Supreme Court ruling which found the federal government's rollback of RCMP wage increases following the 2008 financial crisis did not violate collective bargaining rights under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms because it was time limited and broad based.
Manitoba's legislation still allows for “all of the protections of the Labour Relations Act,” Leonoff said.
Unions representing about 110,000 public-sector workers have argued that the legislation is a violation.
Union lawyer Garth Smorang pointed Tuesday to legal precedents in British Columbia. The Supreme Court of Canada overturned a B.C. law in 2007 that gutted parts of collective agreements for health-care workers. The high court ruled the law interfered with workers' right to bargaining.
Leonoff said legislation set by a democratically elected government should be followed until “a court strikes it down.”
An injunction, if granted, would be temporary pending a full hearing on the unions' challenge to the law. A date for that hearing has not been set.
WWE Legend OK After Being Put in Medically Induced Coma
by Rashad Snell
World Wrestling Entertainment says pro wrestling legend Ric Flair is out of surgery and resting after being hospitalized.
The statement Monday did not give details about the nature of the surgery.
A representative for the showman known as “Nature Boy” says the 68-year-old wrestler was admitted to the hospital for routine monitoring. Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent asked on Twitter Monday for “prayers & positive energy” because Flair has “tough medical issues.”
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among numerous wrestlers wishing Flair well on Twitter.
Known for his flamboyant outfits and “Woooo!” catchphrase, Flair made his professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Why FG wants to establish match-making data base for businessmen–Minister
Nigeria is set to establish a match-making data base for international business interconnectivity and stress-free investments, says Foreign Affairs Minister Geoffrey Onyeama. Onyeama told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Monday that the 119 Nigeria missions abroad would serve as one-stop shops to spur investments through information sharing and elimination of bottlenecks. He said the initiative would enable Nigeria's products and investors to access the world market easily and also enable foreign investors have unfettered access to informed and genuine information concerning business opportunities in Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
US Vice President Mike Pence (C) is expected to offer a renewed commitment to Japan's security amid a growing threat from a nuclear armed North Korea (AFP Photo/JUNG Yeon-Je)
Seoul (AFP) - US Vice President Mike Pence arrives in Tokyo on Tuesday bringing a renewed commitment to Japan's security amid a growing threat from a nuclear armed North Korea.
Throughout his bareknuckle election campaign, US President Donald Trump repeatedly called into question a mutual defense treaty between Japan and the United States, suggesting Tokyo should pay for its own security.
But now, Pence will try to reassure his jittery hosts that those decades-old security commitments are ironclad, a necessity made more acute as tensions rise over Pyongyang's latest missile test and Washington's refusal to rule out military action against the regime.
Defying international pressure, the North on Sunday test-fired another missile and fears are growing it may also be preparing a sixth nuclear test.
North Korea could react to a potential US strike by targeting South Korea or Japan, and officials in Tokyo and Seoul have been ill at ease with the more bellicose language deployed by Trump's administration.
During a visit to the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea on Monday, Pence pointed to the new president's recent strikes on a Syrian airbase and an Islamic State complex in Afghanistan as a warning to Pyongyang not to underestimate the administration's resolve.
"All options are on the table" in pushing for an end to Pyongyang's nuclear programme, Pence said, adding that the era of US "strategic patience" in dealing with the regime was over.
Washington is worried that North Korea may soon build a nuclear-tipped missile that could reach the United States.
Like South Korea, Japan already faces a direct threat from the secretive regime.
In February, the North simultaneously fired four ballistic missiles off its east coast, three of which fell provocatively close to Japan, in what it said was a drill for an attack on US bases in the country.
Pence's Japanese hosts will likely be cautious about any US military action that could trigger a broader regional conflict.
Their hope is that the White House will focus on pressuring China, Pyongyang's only major ally and biggest trade partner, to redouble its efforts to rein in the regime and prompt North Korea to return to the negotiating table after it abandoned the six-party talks in 2009.
"With close coordination, I expect we will strongly demand North Korea to refrain from taking provocative actions and to adhere to UN Security Council resolutions," said Japanese government spokesman Yoshihide Suga.
Pence's trip will also feature a heavy economic focus.
Trump's decision to scrap a 12-nation trans-Pacific trade deal was a blow to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who expended substantial political capital to get the deal passed at home.
In Tokyo, there is still hope that the core of the agreement, thrashed out between the United States and Japan and intended to counterbalance China's regional economic power, can be salvaged in some form.
But US officials say expectations of an ambitious bilateral trade deal may be premature.
SEATTLE — Albert Pujols is in a lineup spot he hasn't seen since he was a rookie 17 years ago.
The Angels lineup for Wednesday's game against the Seattle Mariners had Pujols hitting fifth, the first time he's started a game lower than fourth since 2001, his first season.
Manager Mike Scioscia moved Andrelton Simmons up to the No. 2 spot, which had been occupied by Mike Trout. That pushed Trout, Justin Upton and Pujols all down a spot, to 3-4-5.
Asked if he needed to have a conversation with Pujols about this move, Scioscia said it wasn't an issue.
“We've talked to all the guys,” he said. “They are on board with whatever we think is going to make us more productive. He's got the same grouping in front of him, so he's going to get the same RBI opportunities.”
Pujols, 38, has been a lightning rod for criticism in recent years because he's remained in the middle of the lineup while his production has decreased. The Angels have maintained that he was still driving in runs. This season, Pujols has hit .318 with runners in scoring position.
Overall, he was hitting .247 with 12 homers, 45 RBIs and a .688 OPS. Although the Angels had hoped that a surgery-free winter would help Pujols improve from last year, his overall performance is only slightly up from his .672 OPS in 2017.
There had been other times in recent years when Pujols was slumping more than he is now, but the Scioscia apparently didn't have the right mix of other players to make this move until now.
Simmons has been hot for most of the season, hitting .318 with an .826 OPS, but Scioscia had insisted he wanted Simmons to bat with runners on base. Now, the Angels have Shohei Ohtani back, so he can go behind Pujols, where Simmons was.
This allows Simmons to help the set the table for Trout.
“Our lineup has a chance to get deeper now, with Shohei in it, with it turning over with David Fletcher at the bottom,” Scioscia said. “Every inning you need to pressure other teams. Hopefully, we can start to get to that, particularly getting some guys on base in front of Mike. Helping him get some of those opportunities is important. That will feed into Justin and Albert.”
As a Slate Belt community development program enters its second year, it shifts its focus from Bangor to Portland.
The Community Action Committee of the Lehigh Valley oversees Slate Belt Rising, a six-year multi-municipal Neighborhood Partnership Program designed to revitalize and promote four boroughs in the Slate Belt: Bangor, Pen Argyl, Portland and Wind Gap.
Last year, Merchants Bank of Bangor, Waste Management, ESSA Bank & Trust, and Lafayette Ambassador Bank pledged a total of $775,000 toward the program, which has also received state and county grants.
The bulk of the last year's money and attention focused on Bangor. Officials said the program will develop projects designed to benefit Portland this year.
Projects for Portland business owners will include facade and sign grants. The program will also develop branding strategies and create promotional materials for borough businesses.
Last year the program funded the installation of planters and trees on Market Street and Broadway in Bangor and helped pay for new signs for Borked PC, Bray's Newsstand, Bloom Creative Studio and VS Eyewear.
Here's a look at program budgets for 2017 and 2018.
2017 budget
Slate Belt Rising Website - $2,000
Youth Development Initiatives - $4,500
Street Trees - $10,000
Flower Planters - $4,400
Commercial Facade Grants - $15,000
Business Sign Grants - $2,000
Community Branding and Logo Design - $12,000
Community Building Events $2,000
Program Administration - $20,000
2018 budget
Slate Belt Rising Brochure Development - $500
Slate Belt Police Activities League Development- $2,100
Slate Belt Field Hockey Initiative - $2,500
The HUB Computer Work Stations - $5,000
Landlord/Tenant Workshop - $1,000
Portland Borough Downtown Plan - $10,000
Regional Marketing and Promotional Materials - $10,000
Trash Receptacles for Bangor Borough - $5,000
Regional Event Planning - $11,000
Unified Signage Program - $10,000
Regional Branding - $12,500
Regional Event Planning - $5,000
Program Administration - $20,000
John Best is a freelance writer. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
WASHINGTON — After more than a week of partisan bickering and social media-fueled buildup, the #releasethememo crowd got their wish.
President Donald Trump declassified it. The GOP majority of the House intelligence committee released it. And the public dissection of the four-page, GOP-authored document began.
Here are a few key takeaways:
——
WHAT'S THE GIST?
The memo makes a series of allegations of misconduct on the part of the FBI and the Justice Department in obtaining a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Specifically, it takes aim at the FBI's use of information from a former British spy, Christopher Steele, who compiled a collection of memos containing several allegations of ties between Trump, his associates and Russia.
The memo says the FBI and the Justice Department didn't tell the FISA court enough about Steele's role in an opposition research effort. The research was funded by Democrat Hillary Clinton through a Washington law firm.
The document also takes aim at several senior FBI and Justice Department officials. Among them is former Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, who it says knew of Steele's anti-Trump leanings and whose wife worked at the firm behind the opposition research effort.
——
WHAT'S NEW?
The memo provides the first formal government confirmation of the secret FISA warrant and that Page was the person being monitored.
Information like that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, and it almost never gets released to the public.
Though the memo takes issue with the FBI's methods, it also confirms that the FBI and Justice Department believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
The memo fills in the timeline of the Russia investigation, showing that Page was under surveillance for months.
According to the memo, the Justice Department and FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page on Oct. 21, 2016, and then had it reauthorized three additional times.
Given that FISA warrants must be renewed every 90 days, the memo indicates that the government monitored Page's communications for nearly a year.
——
IT STARTED WITH PAPADOPOULOS
The whole Russia investigation, that is.
According to the memo, information about former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos “triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016.”
That's significant because Trump and his allies in the GOP have tried to undermine the Russia investigation by saying it all stems from the Steele dossier.
The memo doesn't provide further details about the information the FBI received about Papadopoulos. But it appears to confirm in part reporting by The New York Times late last year that FBI concerns about Papadopoulos started the investigation.
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI last year. Court papers show he had several contacts with people representing themselves as being tied to the Russian government starting in the spring of 2016.
Court papers show that Papadopoulos learned the Russians had “dirt” on Hillary Clinton in the form of “thousands of emails” prior to that information becoming public.
——
THE FBI DID USE INFORMATION FROM STEELE, THOUGH
The memo says Steele's collection of reports “formed an essential part” of the FISA application for Page, but it doesn't specify exactly what information was used or how much.
It also says that the FISA application relied on a September 2016 Yahoo News article, and claims that the information in the article also came from Steele.
The document quotes former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as telling the House intelligence committee in December that “no surveillance warrant would have been sought” from the FISA court “without the Steele dossier information.”
According to the memo, the application also included “Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters.”
——
NO UNDERLYING INFORMATION RELEASED
The accuracy of the memo is hard to assess because the majority of the underlying contents are classified or confidential.
The memo cites an initial FISA warrant application — a document which usually has dozens of pages — as well as three additional renewals by the court. None of those documents are public.
The same is true of the transcripts of the committee's closed-door interviews with McCabe and other senior FBI officials who had contact with Steele.
On Friday, the committee's ranking Democrat, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, took issue with the memo's characterization of McCabe's comments, saying the former FBI deputy director was speaking generally about how any FISA application relies on “each and every component” included.
But the committee's chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes of California, said late Friday on Fox News the description of McCabe's comments is “a summation of a long interview and that's definitely what he said.” He noted that other witnesses have said “similar things.”
——
‘MINIMALLY CORROBORATED'
It's been a burning question ever since the dossier was published by Buzzfeed News last year: How much did the FBI corroborate?
According to the memo, not much at the time the FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page. The memo cites FBI Assistant Director Bill Priestap as saying FBI corroboration of the dossier was in its “infancy” when the court authorized the first FISA warrant.
It also says an “independent unit” in the FBI conducted a “source validation report” on Steele's reporting and found it “only minimally corroborated.”
But without the underlying documents or transcripts of Priestap's testimony, it's hard to judge the accuracy of the memo's description.
——
Follow Chad Day on Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/ChadSDay
Toronto's transit commission says the majority of its new streetcars have to be returned to their manufacturer for repairs.
The first 67 streetcars out of 89 produced for Toronto by Bombardier Transportation will be sent back for preventative repairs of “inferior frame welds,” TTC spokesman Brad Ross said Wednesday.
The defect poses no safety risk “in any way,” he added.
“(Bombardier) advised us last fall,” Ross said. “We directed them to develop a program for repair that will permanently fix the cars while minimizing service impacts.”
The streetcars will be returned three or four at a time, and will all be fixed by 2022, Ross said.
Bombardier will cover the cost of the repairs, which will take place at its Welding Centre of Excellence in La Pocatiere, Que., company spokesman Eric Prud'homme said.
“Welding issues are not uncommon in the industry, but, in this case, Bombardier has been proactive and responsible to ensure the cars meet the expected longevity, all in full transparency with TTC and their riders,” Prud'homme said.
“Until our preventive welding maintenance program is performed, we fully guaranty the strength of the existing welds.”
Bombardier has been contracted to provide the TTC with a total of 204 streetcars by the end of 2019, Prud'homme said.
The welding defect and necessary repairs will not prevent Bombardier from meeting that goal, he said, adding that the transportation company had met its quarterly objectives by delivering 27 new cars to the TTC in the first half of this year.
BEIRUT — Syrian President Bashar Assad is threatening to attack a region held by U.S.-backed Kurdish fighters in northeastern Syria if talks fail to bring the area back under Damascus' authority.
Assad said in an interview with Russia Today television which aired on Thursday that the U.S. troops, who operate air bases and outposts in the Kurdish-administered region, will have to leave country.
He says he has opened the door to negotiations with the Kurdish-run administration while also preparing to “liberate by force.”
Forces loyal to Assad, who is backed by Russia and Iran, and the Syrian Kurds have clashed sporadically over the eastern oil province of Deir el-Zour. They led rival fronts against Islamic State militants last year, and they maintain a protracted front against each other along the Euphrates River.
PHILADELPHIA — Duke's run at No. 1 ended with a court-storming loss at Boston College and No. 2 Kansas wilted in a rare home loss.
Undaunted and undefeated, Villanova is charging toward the top spot.
“We played the next No. 1 team in the country,” La Salle coach John Giannini said Sunday.
The Explorers got a taste of how tough it can be to knock off the Wildcats. La Salle scored more baskets, sank more 3-pointers, had more steals and still was just another victim in Villanova's unbeaten season.
Phil Booth scored 18 points and Donte DiVincenzo had 18 points and 10 rebounds to help the fourth-ranked Wildcats avoid an upset in a 77-68 win over La Salle.
“They don't have bad games,” Giannini said.
This was as close as one gets for the Wildcats (10-0). They were sloppy — throwing the ball away several times on outlet passes — slumped from the 3-point line and could not shake the pesky Explorers until the final minutes of the game to win their 21st straight Big 5 game.
The Wildcats had depth and a massive edge from the free-throw line to sink the Explorers. La Salle (5-6) was a two-man show in B.J Johnson and Amar Stukes, and that was enough to give them a 62-61 lead with 4:47 left.
But the Wildcats had Booth and DiVincenzo, and Jalen Brunson scored 17 and Mikal Bridges, quiet all game, came to life for crucial baskets late to seal the win. Throw in the whopping disparity from the line — Villanova made 27 of 35, La Salle was 4 of 5 — and the Wildcats made their case for why they should fight it out with No 3. Michigan State (9-1) to become the new No. 1 team in the AP Top 25.
“It's a great lesson for our guys. The score isn't always what the game is really about,” Villanova coach Jay Wright said.
Booth put the Wildcats ahead with three free throws and followed with an assist on DiVincenzo's 3-pointer that made it 67-62 and finally gave them a bit of breathing room. Bridges, coming off a career-high 28 points against Gonzaga, went inside for a pair of tough buckets and a 71-64 lead that brought the Villanova fans to their feet.
“These guys have played in these games. They're not surprised,” Wright said.
Johnson led the Explorers with 21 points and Stukes had 16 to help keep slim hopes alive of pulling off a stunner. The duo combined to hit seven 3-pointers and carried La Salle to the brink of victory.
“When we're out there and we started making plays, we felt like we could do that against anybody,” Stukes said. “The shots started falling. We just had to play defence.”
The Wildcats beat No. 12 Gonzaga by 16 points this week at Madison Square Garden and were expected to roll against the Explorers at the Wells Fargo Center. The foundation for their perfect record had come from the 3-point line; the Wildcats hit a school-record 19 against Saint Joseph's and buried 10 against the Zags. Against the Explorers, the 3s dried up in the first half. Villanova missed its first six attempts and missed eight of 10 overall in the half.
La Salle went the opposite direction in the first half. Shooting a miserable 29 per cent from 3-point range this season, the Explorers went 6 of 12 to take a 38-37 lead. Stukes hit two straight 3s and his bucket a tick before the horn gave La Salle the lead at the break.
Villanova, Ls Salle, Saint Joseph's, Temple and Penn make up the city series field. The Wildcats have emerged as the class of the city and haven't been defeated by a Philadelphia-area team since Temple won on Dec. 5, 2012.
BIG PICTURE
La Salle: The Explorers lost for the 15th time in the last 16 games against Villanova. But a lot of teams lose all the time to ‘Nova. It's what the Explorers do from here that will define their season. They have two more nonconference games to shape up before they open the Atlantic 10 season Dec. 30 against St. Louis. The Explorers haven't made the NCAA Tournament since 2013 and will need more consistent performances like they had in the first half to get there again this season.
Villanova: The Wildcats win again. Even when the score is close, the outcome never seems in doubt against a city school. Los Angeles Lakers rookie Josh Hart, one of the stars of the 2016 national championship team, sat courtside and earned a standing ovation as the alum of the game. He trash-talked Johnson in the second half and laughed when the La Salle forward buried a bucket after their exchange.
OUCH
Villanova played without G Collin Gillespie because of a left wrist injury suffered in practice. Wright said Gillespie could miss up to a month.
UP NEXT
La Salle: Hosts Mercer on Sunday.
Villanova: The Wildcats finish the Big 5 season Wednesday at Temple.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Four men were charged with attempting to lure 14-year-old girls for sex in Bethlehem over a three-day period.
A fifth man faces similar charges, although it's unclear how old the victim was in his case.
Police charged four men in independent investigations after each one allegedly attempted to lure a 14-year-old girl for sex. In each case, an agent with the Pennsylvania Office of the Attorney General's Child Predator Section was posing as the girl.
The following men were charged:
Brandon Lee Souders, 22, of Salisbury Township, allegedly arranged to meet a girl Dec. 9 into Dec. 10 in the first block of West North Street in Bethlehem. He allegedly told police he "really messed up" and had used Craig's List to meet others for sex at least three times prior to being caught.
Clifford William Jones, 53, of Bethlehem, allegedly arranged to meet a girl Dec. 8 in the 400 block of Wyandotte Street in Bethlehem. He handed over his cell phone, which had his inappropriate exchanges with the undercover officer, and said "he totally screwed up," police said.
Terry M. Hostetter, 51, of Bethlehem, allegedly arranged to meet a girl Dec. 8 in the 400 block of Wyandotte Street in Bethlehem. He allegedly handed over his phone and told police he "made a very bad choice."
Robert Andrew Saultz, 55, of Manville, New Jersey, allegedly arranged to meet a girl Dec. 9 into Dec. 10 in the first block of West North Street in Bethlehem.
Each of the four men was charged with unlawful contact with a minor, criminal attempt at involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, and criminal use of a communication facility.
Jones was charged with an additional count of unlawful contact with a minor and statutory sexual assault.
A fifth man, Victor Cueto, 24, of Allentown, was also charged with unlawful contact with a minor, criminal attempt at involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, and criminal use of a communication facility in Bethlehem on Dec. 8, according to online court records. Details of his case weren't immediately available.
All five men were sent to Northampton County Prison after failing to post bail. Bail for Souders was $125,000 and for Cueto was $150,000. Bail for each of the remaining three men was $200,000.
District Judge Antonia Grifo arraigned each man and set bail in each case.
Souders lives in the 1000 block of East Emmaus Avenue in Salisbury Township, records say. Jones lives in the 800 block of Wyandotte Street in Bethlehem. Hostetter lives in the 500 block of East Fourth Street in Bethlehem. Saultz lives in the 100 block of South 17th Avenue in Manville.
Rudy Miller may be reached at rmiller@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @RudyMillerLV. Find Easton area news on Facebook.
Authorities in Massachusetts say a 10-month-old baby had to be revived twice after she was exposed to fentanyl.
Police arrived at the Methuen (mih-THOO'-uhn) residence early Saturday afternoon after receiving a report of a child not breathing.
First responders took the child to Lawrence General Hospital, where police say she stopped breathing twice and had to be resuscitated. She was later airlifted to Tufts Medical Center in Boston, where she's in stable condition.
Authorities say hospital tests indicate the baby had the potent synthetic opioid fentanyl (FEHN'-tuh-nihl) in her system.
The Department of Children and Families says it has taken custody of the baby. The incident remains under investigation.
Mayor Stephen Zanni says, "The opioid epidemic knows no boundaries."
Elizabeth Dubois is an assistant professor at the University of Ottawa. Her work examines digital media, influence and political engagement. Find her on Twitter @lizdubois, or at www.elizabethdubois.ca.
Politics, the old expression goes, is the art of the possible. It is also about constantly testing how far you can bend the rules of the game.
Take, for example, the case of a Twitter account that parodied Liberal environment minister Catherine McKenna. The account, previously called “Catherinne McKennna” (using the handle @CatheMcKennna), was banned from Twitter after complaints were submitted by various users, including McKenna's office. There was outrage—did a government request cause a Twitter account to be deactivated? What are the implications for free speech? But then, the account returned—this time, as “CatheMckennnnnna,” or the handle @CatheeMcKennnna.
While whoever filed a complaint is likely not too happy to see it back, this change has obviously been enough to satisfy Twitter. That's because the account now cannot be mistaken for the minister's own, which is used to share policy updates and other information. It seems a bit silly, but the visual difference of those four-to-six n's is enough to make most Twitter users think twice before assuming the account belongs to the actual minister.
There's been outrage in the wake of the banning about the impact of government intervention into social media. But what is perhaps more chilling is what this has shown us about how the legitimacy of political tactics is determined—and how much power social-media networks are being allowed to wield.
READ MORE: How the internet may be turning us all into radicals
Political tactics have always intentionally tested the boundaries of acceptability, and people from all sides want to make the most effective use of the tools they have to reach and mobilize supporters. With ever-changing digital communication tools and platforms, political players have to test out the best ways to share their messages, to learn what works and what doesn't, and to find out what the public finds charming and what they find creepy. This negotiation builds consensus around what is fair play in our democratic system.
The rapid rate at which technology is developing—especially artificial intelligence—means we will see many more negotiations around political norms in the years and decades ahead. But that speed is making it nearly impossible for existing law and the judiciary to keep up. Journalism, too, can shine a light on emerging tactics, but there are limited resources and a lack of access to international platform companies like Twitter. That leaves three key players to decide what the line is between a legitimate and illegitimate political tactic: government, tech companies, and people.
Like it or not, government has long played a role in deciding what is an acceptable political tactic. They help develop and deploy laws and policy related to hate speech, online bullying, and voter suppression, to name a few.
The discussion of what is an acceptable political tactic comes back to the ever-challenging discussion of how we balance free speech with other rights and freedoms. We have agreed that there are things that need to be balanced against our right to free speech. Enforcement is not easy, but it is important in order to protect the rights and freedoms of Canadians.
Tech giants like Facebook, Google and Twitter lobby government, try to drum up sales in political settings, and depend on cultivating audiences for advertisers in order to make money. Twitter, specifically, also serves a purpose in the lives of some Canadians and has become particularly important for political insiders. But these companies do not ultimately have the specific Canadian context, laws, and interests as their main motivator when deciding what crosses the line and what does not.
In fact, other governments have only recently begun to put pressure on these platforms, prompting some wide-scale advancement in minimizing things such as harassment and hate speech. And because these solutions have been late to arrive, are only voluntary in Canada, and not necessarily designed with the Canadian context in mind, we cannot trust that they wouldn't be eliminated if the business case for them dries up.
It has been far more common for these companies to offer government offices and political parties a case-by-case approach. Instead of designing robust systems to identify and deal with something like voter suppression, hacking a politician's account and, yes, impersonation, these companies train politicians and bureaucrats to use their tools and then give them a number to call or an address to email, telling them, in effect: we will deal with any infringements you find.
But this approach encourages cherry-picking—say, when the parody account of a federal cabinet minister confuses someone with a lot of followers. The approach is not proactive, and makes for a hostile environment where it is politically risky to report anything, as evidenced by the blowback from government officials and officers reporting the account to Twitter.
READ MORE: Meet the people who scar themselves to clean up our social media networks
More concerning, the approach gives the platforms a lot of power with no accountability. For example, there are many questions left unanswered in the case of the McKenna parody account. Was it her office's complaint that prompted the account takedown? How many others complained? What was the decision-making process? We do not know the answers because it would be risky for Twitter to do so, and no government has yet to compel them to be more transparent.
That's where the third party—the people—should come in. The parody-account debacle could have been avoided if people just clicked through to read the bio of the account. But there are two big problems with this argument. First, clicking through is simply not how most people use Twitter, and a good political strategist knows you need to think about how people are already using a channel of communication in order to design the best messaging approach. Second, it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between real and fake as technology evolves.
We need to increase our media and digital literacy efforts, and they need to be embedded in everything. From platform design to journalistic coverage to government statements, people need to see how decisions about what makes the cut are made. The kind of literacy required can only exist with the contribution of all political players. This is a lot of work and will take resources, commitment—and it will still only be a partial fix.
Ultimately, the problem we face is not whether a few Twitter users were confused over an overly opaque parody account, or even whether the government was overstepping its place over some social-media satire. The problem is figuring out who we are willing to let decide what counts as a legitimate political tactic and what does not. International platform companies like Twitter, Facebook and Google are being left to make up the rules as they go with no transparency or accountability, and frankly, like government, it's unlikely that platform companies want all the power—and blame—either.
MORE ABOUT SOCIAL MEDIA:
NEWARK, N.J. — Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Paterson Officer Roger Then was arrested Wednesday and charged with conspiring to violate the patient's civil rights and for concealing the violation. The 29-year-old Paterson resident was due in court later in the day, and it wasn't known if he had an attorney.
Federal prosecutors say Then and another Paterson officer were involved in the separate assaults on March 5. Authorities say the victim had multiple facial injuries, including an eye injury that required surgery.
It wasn't immediately clear if the other officer is facing charges.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y. — Takal Molson and Jermaine Crumpton posted double-doubles and Canisius used a late surge to take a 73-67 victory over Marist on Friday night.
Molson had 21 points and 10 rebounds and Crumpton 18 points and a career-high 16 boards for the Golden Griffins (14-9, 8-2 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference), who bounced back from a loss to Niagara to win for the fifth time in six starts. Isaiah Reese added 21 points. Crumpton's double-double is a career first; Molson's is his second.
The Red Foxes (5-18, 3-8) had led the entire second half, by as many as 11, when Canisius took the lead on Jibreel Faulkner's dunk with 5:35 to go. An 8-0 spurt extended the Griffins' lead to 71-62 with 37 seconds remaining.
Marist outshot Canisius 53 to 35 per cent but had 24 turnovers.
Brian Parker scored 19 points with 11 rebounds for Marist, his first double-double this season.
Voting for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games mascots has officially begun, with elementary school children set to select their favourite from a shortlist.
Three mascot pairings were unveiled by organisers last week, following a review of 2,042 entries submitted by the public.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Fuchu Keyakinomori Gakuen special needs school as well as Tobitakyu Elementary School were among the first to take part in voting.
Pupils were encouraged to discuss the designs in their classes, before coming to a unanimous choice among the whole class.
Tokyo 2020 have expressed their hope the process will help with the engagement of children across Japan.
Tokyo 2020, in conjunction with the University of Tsukuba and the Japan Sports Agency, has prepared a proposed lesson plan for teachers.
The plan suggests between one and three 45-minute classes, which will be designed at helping teachers communicate Olympic and Paralympic values and to explain the roles played by the Games mascots.
“I would like to ask schools to take this opportunity to engage students in discussions before voting,” said Yoshirō Mori.
“By doing so, children can become more interested in the Olympic and Paralympic Games, and remember for the rest of their lives that they played an important part in them.
“All elementary schools in Japan are eligible to vote.
“I want everyone to get involved.”
Lesson plans have been sent to schools which they can use to explain the role of mascots, as well as the Olympic and Paralympic values ©Tokyo 2020
Over 6,000 schools have already registered to be part of the voting process, including 43 overseas and nine international schools in Japan.
It is expected that 6.5 million children in Japan will have the chance to be part of the competition.
The vote at the Tobitakyu Elementary School took place close to where football, rugby and modern pentathlon events will be held in Tokyo's Chofu city, home of Tokyo Stadium.
It is also located close to the newly opened Musashino Forest Sport Plaza, which will host badminton and modern pentathlon's fencing event for the Olympic Games and wheelchair basketball during the Paralympic Games.
It was the first of eight new permanent venues being constructed for the Games to be unveiled.
Children at the Tokyo Metropolitan Fuchu Keyakinomori Gakuen special needs school were aided by organisers providing model versions of the mascots.
It is hoped by allowing the children to hold the models, it will allow for visually impaired children to be included in the process.
“The mascot for any Olympic and Paralympic Games is always idolised,” said Andrew Parsons, International Paralympic Committee President.
“I think this is a wonderful, innovative idea to allow the younger generation in Japan to choose the mascots for the Tokyo 2020 Games.
“Having 3D models of each mascot for visually impaired youngsters to touch and feel ensures the voting process is inclusive, and is a move that the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee deserves great credit for."
Models have been created to allow children with visual impairment to become part of the voting process ©Tokyo 2020
The Yoshiida Elementary School of Fukushima City, located near one of the areas impacted by the 2011 tsunami and nuclear disaster were also among the first to take part in the voting.
Elementary schools will vote for their favourite pairing of mascots until February 22.
Results of the vote will be announced on February 28.
“This is an innovative way of engaging the public in the Olympic Movement, especially the young children,” said John Coates, International Olympic Committee Coordination Commission chair.
“Interest in the Games will only increase from here, especially as kids from more than 20,000 schools all over Japan begin voting on their favourite mascot today.”
A mascot review panel chose the three designs in October, having already reduced the number of entries to 16.
In August, Tokyo 2020 revealed they had received 2,042 designs in their mascot design competition.
This included 1,774 designs from individuals and 268 group entries submitted before the August deadline.
RACINE, Ohio — The Lady Tomcats weren't great from the free throw line, but they were good enough.
In a Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division tilt on Monday in Meigs County, the Southern girls basketball team dropped a 40-37 decision to visiting Trimble, which made 20-of-41 free throws, including 7-of-18 in the fourth quarter.
The Lady Tomcats (1-4, 1-2 TVC Hocking) started fast, outscoring Southern (0-4, 0-3) by a 13-to-3 clip on the strength of three trifectas in the opening quarter.
The Lady Tornadoes cut their deficit to just four points, at 20-16, by halftime, scoring 13 points on six field goals and one free throw, while holding THS to just seven points in the second quarter.
The Purple and Gold took a 32-31 lead into the fourth quarter, with SHS senior Lauren Lavender scoring 14 of the team's 16 third quarter points. THS was held to just one field goal in the third, but made 11-of-12 free throws to stay in the game.
Southern — which had four players, including three starters, foul out of the contest — went without a field goal over the final eight minutes and made just 5-of-10 free throws in that span. Trimble scored nine points in the fourth period and escaped Racine with a 40-37 victory.
The Lady Tornadoes were led by Lavender, who made the team's lone three-pointer and posted 24 points before fouling out. Shelbi Dailey scored four points in the setback, Phoenix Cleland added three, while Bailee Floyd, Jaiden Roberts and Paige VanMeter finished with two points apiece. For the game, Southern was 10-of-16 (62.5 percent) from the free throw line.
Sydney Hardy led the guests with 16 points, followed by Kaitlyn Spears with 12 and Kym Williams with seven. Hardy, Spears and Williams each sank one trifecta in the victory. Breanna Brammer scored four points for THS, while Skylar Moore rounded out the team total with one marker.
The Lady Tornadoes will try to avenge this setback on Jan. 22 in Glouster. Southern returns to the court on Thursday at Wahama.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
This undated image shows Maddison Holland. The 24-year-old says a road rage driver forced her off the road in Lafayette, Calif. on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017.
"He was just relentless." #Oakland woman says "road rage" driver forced her off hwy after she honked horn. Broke bones, injured spine. pic.twitter.com/sCtCFbe92H — Elissa Harrington (@ElissaABC7) October 6, 2017
A 24-year-old Oakland woman is recovering at the hospital after she says a road rage driver forced her off the road.Maddison Holland just had surgery for a broken pelvis and several broken bones. She says she was driving to work Wednesday when a man in a maroon truck cut her off exiting the Caldecott tunnel. They were traveling eastbound on Highway 24.According to Holland, she honked her horn and flashed her lights, which she says sent the driver into a rage.She says he chased her for seven miles until he eventually forced her off the side of the freeway in Lafayette.Her car landed upside down at the dead end of 2nd Street. Neighbors who heard the crash dragged her out of the car and called 911.Family members are searching the crash site for her cellphone because they say she says she recorded video of the driver.The case is currently being investigated by the CHP.
If you have a daughter in high school, then you know how expensive prom can be. From the dresses to the shoes, even hair and make up can be more than an average family can afford. This morning, we want to tell you about a resource that is really making a difference, the YWCA Prom Dress Sale. Tammy Henkel and Sarah Faulk from the YWCA Bristol are here with more.
Advertisement
EDMONTON — Alberta is suspending portions of its draft plan to protect threatened woodland caribou, saying more research needs to be done and that Ottawa needs to help out.
Environment Minister Shannon Phillips told the house Monday that the province is acting on concerns about the economic impacts of the protection plan.
“The federal Species at Risk Act is an extremely inflexible instrument that has already had negative economic consequences (in Alberta),” said Phillips.
“We are going to do our best to make sure that we protect jobs on this.”
She said she has sent that message in a letter to her federal counterpart, Catherine McKenna.
Phillips is urging the federal government to help Alberta come up with a workable solution rather than have Ottawa impose an environmental protection order.
Alberta's draft plan is in response to a federal deadline under the Species at Risk Act passed last October and is designed to help threatened woodland caribou recover in 15 different ranges.
The province released its draft plan on Dec. 19 and then held a series of town hall meetings.
“The public meetings were attended by thousands of Albertans who are concerned about the impact caribou range plans will have on their communities and on the industries that support those communities,” stated Phillips' letter, which was co-signed by Energy Minister Marg McCuaig-Boyd.
The province plans to spend more than $85 million in the next five years to restore caribou habitat by eliminating seismic lines, building birthing pens and bringing in other measures.
It has already invested $9.2 million and the estimated cost over the next 40 years is $1 billion.
Phillips said the feds need to step up on planning and consultation, and on the money side as well.
“Caribou recovery cannot occur without an infusion of federal funds to restore habitat necessary to ensure population growth,” she wrote.
“While we need more time and partnership from the federal government on this matter, we also need your support in not prematurely implementing federal protection orders that will not have effective outcomes for Canadians and Albertans.”
The federal government has the option of imposing an environmental protection order if a province doesn't come up with a plan to protect the caribou. The order would halt any development, such as oil drilling, that could harm the animals.
PITTSBURGH (AP) – Ahmed Hill scored 17 points and Virginia Tech shot 50 percent from the floor in the second half to spark a come-from-behind 66-63 win over Pittsburgh on Tuesday night.
Seth Allen made a 3-pointer with 1:08 remaining for the Hokies and Pitt missed three 3-point attempts on the final possession.
Virginia Tech (18-7, 7-6 ACC) trailed the entire first half, but caught up with a seven-point possession in the second. Michael Young was given an intentional foul and Hill made both free throws. Justin Bibbs then hit a 3-pointer to give the Hokies their first lead.
Pitt (14-12, 3-10) got out to a big lead early thanks to shooting 69.2 percent from 3-point range in the first half. Cameron Johnson was 4 of 5 from beyond the arc before the break as the Panthers built an 11-point lead.
Johnson finished with 17 points and 11 rebounds for his first career double-double. Virginia Tech played its first game without top rebounder Chris Clarke, who will miss the rest of the season with an ACL injury.
A popular Berkeley restaurant says it does not support the actions of those in Charlottesville. Top Dog posted a sign with its views after a flurry of social media posts suggesting a man at the rally worked at Top Dog.Employees at Top Dog on Durant Avenue said they had no comment about a now former employee who may have been in Charlottesville."Different people were releasing the people's names and looking at their faces and trying to see okay where are they from and everything and someone said, 'Oh, he works here in Berkeley,'" said U.C. Berkeley student Kendall O.A sign on the restaurant's door says "Effective Saturday 12th August, Cole White no longer works at Top Dog. The actions of those in Charlottesville are not supported by Top Dog. We believe in individual freedom and voluntary association for everyone."Several U.C. Berkeley students stopped by the restaurant to take pictures of the sign."I feel that it's good that Top Dog is taking a stand against this kind of stuff," said U.C. Berkley student Ansel Deng.Many were horrified by the violence in Charlottesville."It's crazy it's 2017 and we still have people who are just so backwards who just can't seem to wrap their heads around inclusivity," said Deng."It's horrific, it's just really horrific," said U.C. Berkeley Alumna Havah Loehrer.But, Loehrer questioned the response on social media as people attempt to identify those in the crowd."It's a reaction that's just full of hate and anger and that just begets more hate and anger," said Loehrer.
Off to Russia! ✈️Diamond Bank & Visa reward Student with an All-Expense Paid Trip to the 2018 FIFA World Cup
Vwaire Favour Ajewen has emerged the winner of the first Diamond Bank/Visa ‘Activate and Spend' campaign draw held over the weekend. The Ozoro Polytechnic, Warri, Delta State student would watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia on an all-expense paid trip courtesy of Visa.
Commenting on the emergence of the winner, Head, Corporate Communications, Diamond Bank Plc, Chioma Afe, stated, “We are delighted to be rewarding a loyal customer with the prize, courtesy of Visa. This is truly exciting as it demonstrates the benefits of using our services. Not only are Diamond Bank services convenient and secure, customers stand a chance of winning by simply transacting with us”.
The Activate and Spend campaign is open to all Visa cardholders and it provides them an opportunity to watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup live in Russia. They stand a chance to win the grand prize in the draws, by simply paying for at least three transactions worth a minimum of N1,000 each with their Diamond Bank Visa debit or credit cards before 25 April 2018.
———————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————-
Sponsored Content
The post Off to Russia! ✈️Diamond Bank & Visa reward Student with an All-Expense Paid Trip to the 2018 FIFA World Cup appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By JOHN ROGERS
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Charles Manson was cremated and his ashes scattered following a brief, private funeral four months after the death of the man who gained worldwide infamy for the 1969 Los Angeles killings he hoped would spark a race war.
The memorial occurred Saturday at a funeral home in the California city of Porterville, according to Mark Pitcher, pastor of the Church of the Nazarene.
Pitcher, who presided, told The Associated Press on Monday that about 20 to 25 people attended, among them Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
TMZ.com first reported the funeral and its story included a photo of Manson in an open casket.
Pitcher said he agreed to a request from the funeral home to conduct the memorial after he was told Freeman and his wife are Christians and that Freeman wanted his grandfather to have "a proper burial" despite his notoriety.
The pastor declined to reveal who else attended, but said some were friends of Manson, the ersatz hippie leader who inspired, with drugs and charisma, a rag-tag band of young followers to murder actress Sharon Tate and six others during two bloody nights in August 1969 that terrified Los Angeles.
The Manson Family, as his followers were called, slaughtered five of its victims on Aug. 9, 1969, at Tate's home. They included the actress who was 8 ½-months-pregnant, coffee heiress Abigail Folger, celebrity hairdresser Jay Sebring, Polish movie director Voityck Frykowski and Steven Parent, a friend of the estate's caretaker.
The next night, a wealthy grocer and his wife, Leno and Rosemary LaBianca, were stabbed to death in their home across town.
During Manson's funeral service Pitcher said he quoted from Scripture both meaningful to him and Freeman, and although he said he discussed Manson's past only briefly, he added he did not shy away from relating what he had done.
"There were many choices thrust upon him that brought about very challenging circumstances through his early years," he said of Manson, the son of a prostitute who never knew his father. "But he also made choices that brought great consequence and negatively impacted other people for many, many years."
Pitcher said he exhorted Freeman and his family to see Saturday's funeral as an opportunity to establish "a new beginning" of making good choices.
Freeman, whose own father killed himself under the burden of being Manson's son, has said he only learned of his connection to the mass killer a few years ago.
After Manson's death in November at age 83, Freeman fought a months-long legal battle to gain the right to his remains.
Freeman, who couldn't be located for comment Monday, has said he wanted his grandfather cremated and his remains scattered to finally put to rest "this so-called monster, this historical figure that shouldn't have been blown up as big as it was for all these years."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If you're building a performance car, there are a number of areas you need to focus on to make sure all of your upgrades are in sync with each other when it comes time to push the limits of their individual capabilities. For example, if you are upgrading your suspension, the wheels and tires had better be able to handle the new g-forces the car will exhibit in the corners. Planning on adding a supercharger, turbo system, or just upping the ante in cubic inches? You'd better hope that the transmission is up to handling the task. We're here to tell you that PerformaBuilt Transmissions has one goal in mind: to engineer and build the toughest transmission on the planet, and they've proved so not only with their updated designs but also through their pledge of quality, performance, and unparalleled customer service. All of their transmissions are dyno-tested at their production facility and delivered to your door ready to install with a rock-solid warranty with no exceptions for racing or mileage.
On a recent visit, the team was preparing one of their Level 3 Invincible 4L60E units, which is one of their strongest models designed for extreme performance. Packed with upgrades, it features a bevy of modifications making it capable of handling up to 800 rwhp (rear-wheel horsepower), which is far more than the capabilities of a stock 4L60E, which is around 300 hp.
Each unit is methodically re-engineered to overcome many of the inherent factory weaknesses by adding strength and durability. Some of the issues addressed include boosting line pressure from an OEM level of between 140-150 psi to 220 psi, and keeping the unit balanced to avoid “shift shock” (banging shifts) by tightening down clearances; this results in firm, quick shifts as driver input becomes more aggressive. From front to rear, upgrades include a BorgWarner 29-element dual-cage sprag assembly, Sonnax Smart Shell to eliminate the stripping of splines and breakage, a set of Raybestos carbon composite performance clutches with new Raybestos steels, and two Sonnax Super Hold billet servos for Second and Fourth gears for maximum hold to name but a few. Follow along and check out just what it takes to bring a stock 4L60E to the highest level of performance. CHP
Source
PerformaBuilt Transmissions
888.744.6542
performabuilt.com
DALLAS — The Dallas Stars formed a line next to players from the Vegas Golden Knights to honour victims of last weekend's mass shooting before the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas.
After Dallas introductions marking the 25th season since the NHL came to Texas, the Stars players skated from their blue line to the Vegas blue line so that both sets of players were together for pregame remembrances Friday night.
The Stars first honoured a staff member who died in a car wreck during the off-season before paying tribute to play-by-play announcer Dave Strader, who died of bile duct cancer at 62 the same day of the Vegas shooting that killed 58 people.
There was were brief moments of silence for each, and the video board read “Viva Las Vegas” as the public address announcer said, “Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy.”
——
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: dailyguideafrica.com
2017-08-14
Vice President, Dr. Mahamadu Bawumia
His Excellency Alhaji Dr Mahamudu Bawumia has asked for the whereabouts of monies paid last year by Hajj pilgrims to the previous Hajj Board during the NDC administration.
According to him, about 452 pilgrims paid for their Hajj but were not allowed to board the flight to the holy land and their monies were not refunded to them.
“We faced a big dilemma about what to do with the innocent pilgrims whose monies were taken from them without any good explanation.”
He said President Nana Akufo-Addo indicated that the pilgrims cannot be blamed for the inexplicable actions of the previous hajj board and so government will pay for all the 452 pilgrims to go to Mecca.
“Thanks to President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo Addo, all 452 pilgrims will be airlifted to perform this year's Hajj.
“For the first time in the history of Ghana's hajj, pilgrims will be served three square meals at Medina in Mecca.
“On the return of pilgrims at the Jeddah airport, they will be served meals as well. This and many more are the innovations that have never been experienced in the past.”
The Vice President urged the pilgrims to consider themselves as envoys of the country and desist from activities which could dent the country's reputation.
He assured Ghanaian Muslims that government will continue to facilitate the programme.
His Excellency Ahaji Bawumia thanked the chiefs, Islamic scholars, Ghana Airport Company, Ghana Civil Aviation and security personnel for a well-organized event.
A total number of six flights are expected to convey pilgrims with each flight taking a total of 505 pilgrims to Mecca.
MEXICO CITY — Mexico's national security commissioner says respected journalist Javier Valdez was killed last year because of his work.
National Security Commissioner Renato Sales also said Tuesday at a brief news conference that the arrest of a suspect in Valdez's killing was achieved without force. The government announced late Monday that a Sinaloa cartel member known by the nickname “Koala” was arrested in Tijuana.
Weeks before his murder, Valdez interviewed Damaso Lopez, who had been Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman's right-hand man leading the Sinaloa cartel. At the time, Lopez was battling Guzman's sons for control of the cartel.
Valdez's colleagues and journalism advocates called on the government Tuesday to continue pursuing the mastermind of the May 15, 2017, slaying in the western city of Culiacan.
Checking Scott Walker's claim about Wisconsin property and income taxes.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Senator Husain promises effective representation
Senator Mudashir Husain of the Progressives Congress, APC, has expressed his commitment to the welfare of the people of Osun West Senatorial District in advancement of democracy and good governance in the country.
Senator Husain stated this in his acceptance Speech shortly after Hon Sanusi Rikiji, who chaired the screening committee for the Osun West Senatorial District Bye-election declared him as the winner of the election.
Rikiji, an incumbent Speaker of the Zamfara State House of Assembly announced that Hussein polled 2,412 out of 2,560 delegates who participated in the primary election on Wednesday, June 14, 2017
Senator Husain described his victory at the primary as significant for the Progressives Congress (APC), the people of Osun West Senatorial District and the people of the State of Osun in General. The APC candidate maintained that the primary held at Egbedore Local is a further testimony of the life-changing developments of APC led administration of Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola.
Husain used the occasion to call for the observation of a minute silence in Honour of the late Senator Isiaka Adetunji Adeleke whose death he described as painful.
While appealing to all party faithful to always toe the line of obedience and submission to party leadership in tandem with democratic tenets, Senator Husain emphasized party supremacy at all times just as he reflected on circumstances that earlier surrounded his disqualification.
“It is to the public knowledge, that this contest was characterized by twists and turns, amongst which was my earlier disqualification by the Screening Committee of the party, which decision was upheld by the Appeal Screening Committee. However, as stipulated in the guideline of our party, the NWC upheld my further appeal to it as the body with power to make final verdict on the qualification of any candidate”
He then expressed appreciation to the National Chairman, Chief John Odigiwe-Oyegun, Governor Rauf Aregbesola and all the Leaders and members of APC throughout the country for their unflinching support leading to his emergence as the flag bearer for the rerun election.
“I believe in the oneness of our party, and I took the decision to use legal means to correct what I felt has been wrongly done by both the screening committee and the Screening Appeal Committee. Fortunately, the National Working Committee of our party upheld our contentions. This is the beauty of democracy, especially in a political party like ours.”
Senator Husain tasked party members to work together as a team to secure ultimate Victory at the poll come July 8.
“Our contenders, I mean the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), though scattered and disorganized, are looking for loopholes to ridicule us, but we must remain undivided so that we can all coast to victory at the election.”
He gave an assurance that if he is return to the Senate, he will effectively use the mandate to serve the people of Oṣun West Senatorial District and build on the successes he recorded when he was in the Senate between 2011 and 2015, and also build on achievement recorded by the late Senator, Isiaka Adeleke.
He was the lone candidate in the primary election following the withdrawal of his co-contestant, Dr Ademola Adeleke.
The post Senator Husain promises effective representation appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Female suffrage is a tough issue. It divides families; it splits political parties; often enough, it tears at individuals, too.
It was definitely rending the Liberal Party in mid-2015 between those sure that the institution at the heart of our society (democracy) must not be redefined to suit a politically correct minority (women), and those worried that our stance was unfair and standing in the way of history. We needed to find a way forward that would not just decide the issue but would reconcile the public with the result.
The conclusion I came to (and that Malcolm Turnbull has respected) was that a plebiscite was most likely to reassure men that their views had been taken seriously and that the outcome was fair. It would ensure that the issue had been carefully weighed and the best possible decision made – unless, obviously, the wrong decision was made, but that was a risk I was willing to take for the sake of my feminist ideals.
It was least likely to produce ongoing acrimony, for who could back their individual judgment against a vote of the whole male population? After all, it's females that create families, families that produce males, and males that build our nation.
On such an issue, where change would never have been imaginable to our constitutional founders (all men — coincidence?), it was right and proper to refer it to the men rather than just leave it to the Parliament because all men would have some ownership of the final result.
Now that the vote looks like going ahead, the challenge is to have a debate that takes seriously the ramifications of changing something that is so central to the way we live. It's a pity that the advocates of change haven't finalised what they think are fair protections for freedom of religion and freedom of speech in an era of female suffrage because it's hard to be sure about something without knowing exactly what it may entail.
Another disappointment is the tone of so much of the female suffrage advocacy. If polls are right, most support change so the plebiscite should be a way of reassuring people that it won't strain the social fabric. Instead, the activists have insisted that the general public can't be trusted to have a sensible debate and make a considered decision.
Last week, one very senior Labor senator attacked the Prime Minister for allegedly exposing her children to “hatred” because of their family circumstances (their family has women in it).
It is not sexist to maintain that, ideally, only men should be allowed to vote. Yet I fear much moral bullying in the weeks to come — invariably from those demanding change.
For me, voting no will not be a criticism of female friends and family members; it won't be an assertion that there's only one right variety of genitalia to possess. Rather, it will be an affirmation that the things that matter should not lightly be changed and that voting is different from other activities, e.g. ironing.
Ask yourself what is the most decent and respectful thing to do: is it to endorse this change that the female lobby is stridently insisting on or is it to question whether a few years' agitation should unmake a concept of voting that has stood for many centuries and has always been regarded as the rock on which society is built?
Ask yourself what's more likely to maintain respect for elections and to reinforce the notions of rationality and upper-body strength that sustain all lasting democracies: an ongoing recognition that voting is something best left to males; or changing voting so that it can mean any random vagina-holder can wander into a polling booth?
Thankfully, censoriousness towards female people has long gone. I admire the courage of those who battled discrimination (and worse) to establish the equal rights and dignity of all people regardless of sex, gender, hair length or bra size. I am grateful for the decency of female friends (such as Bronwyn Bishop) who have deepened my understanding of the human condition.
But I am baffled by the claim that female lives are somehow diminished without the badge of voting rights. Non-voting people are not lesser humans than voting ones. People who fill out ballot papers are not greater than those who do not. Female brains are not lesser than male ones. They're just different, and more easily confused.
We Australians are an easygoing and open-hearted people. Our tendency is to take people as we find them and give them the benefit of the doubt. We hate injustice and yearn to help everyone who's doing it tough. But that doesn't make it right to acquiesce in every request or to accommodate every demand, especially at that time of the month.
Of course, there has always been an honour in voting beyond that of other behaviours such as baking. By all means, let's find means to solemnise female hobbies and impose on them the demanding mutual obligations that voters undertake; but I doubt that's what most activists have in mind. To them, I suspect, it's about status rather than responsibilities.
The best claim for female suffrage is that it will reinforce stable and committed democracy.
In New Zealand, though, where women voters have been allowed for more than a decade, the government has been in the same slow, steady decline as elsewhere in the West, so it's hard to avoid the conclusion that broadening suffrage weakens it. Given all the other pressures on us right now, is that what we really want?
*As discovered by satirist Ben Pobjie, courtesy of The Australian
CAIRO (AP) — Islamic State group claims the man who killed 4 people in the Belgian city of Liege was a 'soldier of the caliphate'
“He carries some power. You have to respect heavyweight power, it only takes one punch.”
The fight will be televised live in the U.S. on HBO Championship Boxing starting at 6:00 PM/ET with a same-day replay at 10:00 PM…
On Saturday, March 24, at the O2 Arena in Greenwich, WBC Silver heavyweight champion Dillian Whyte (22-1, 16 KOs), “The Body Snatcher” from Brixton, London, UK, by way of Port Antonio, Jamaica, will defend his title against former WBA heavyweight champion Lucas “Big Daddy” Browne (25-0, 22 KOs), the undefeated one-time skinhead from Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The fight will be televised live in the U.S. on HBO Championship Boxing starting at 6:00 PM/ET with a same-day replay at 10:00 PM.
With three heavyweight champions sharing the spoils of what was once the most prized possession in sports, their hold on their respective titles feels uncertain at best and the winner of Saturday's fight becomes a player in a lively division.
“I can't wait,” said Whyte about his impending bout. “I hate Lucas Browne and I want to hurt him. He's said some nasty things and he's going to have to pay for them.”
“Big Daddy” talks the talk.
He also walks the walk.
“I don't think he really wanted this fight,” Whyte said. “A deal was in place before then he started to try and change the terms. He kept delaying things after we gave in to his demands and started saying there was a fight in America he was chasing. We've bent over backwards and up till now he's been more interested in making excuses than taking the fight. It's been frustrating but we've finally got over the hill now so let's go.”
Whyte respects Browne the fighter more than he respects Browne the man.
“He's a big guy with an unbeaten record so you have to rate him a bit,” Whyte said. “He carries some power. You have to respect heavyweight power, it only takes one punch.
“I'm not overlooking Browne, I'm focused on going to town on him. If I don't knock him out, I will not be happy. The plan is to beat Browne and move closer to a World Title shot. Beating him should make me a mandatory challenger for a World Title.”
Whyte's only loss was a seventh round knockout to Anthony Joshua in 2015. He wants to avenge that defeat. All that stands in his way is Lucas Browne.
But beating Browne won't be easy. He climbed off the deck to win the title from Ruslan Chagaev in 2016, before stripped and suspended for failing a series of drug tests, but has yet to lose a fight in other than a laboratory.
“I'm genuinely looking forward to coming over to the UK again and bashing Dillian,” said Browne. “If Helenius and Dereck Chisora hurt him, wait until he feels how I hit. I don't like anything about him. He's a loudmouth and I want to take his head off.”
Browne has fought in Britain before, but it remains enemy territory until further notice.
“I have absolutely no fears about coming to London and facing Dillian. After you go to Chechnya to fight, nothing else compares. I've fought in England five times already and love fighting there. I know if I stop Whyte impressively I'll be getting another World title shot.”
Whyte and Browne don't fight by the book. But a big man with a big punch is always dangerous.
Amgen's Coast Classic to help fund arthritis research
An alarming new report showing an increase in the rate of arthritis has spurred A Thousand Oaks-based Amgen to offer incentives for riders in its California Coast Classic, an eight-day cycling ride in support of arthritis research and treatment.
The Center for Disease Control study published on March 10 shows that arthritis affects one in four people in the United States, an increase from one in five just a decade earlier. Citing the report, until June 30, California Coast Classic Bike Tour registration will be discounted by $50 for new riders, who will also receive a training pack valued at $125.
The race covers approximately 525 miles from San Francisco to Los Angeles from Sept. 9 through 16.
While the news is dire, Shannon Marang Cox, ride director for the Tour, says there is hope.
“There are ways that people can help, like signing up for the California Coast Classic Bike Tour, which aims to raise over a million dollars to support the research, advocacy and patient support programs of the Arthritis Foundation,” said Cox.
For more information on the race, visit www.arthritis.org/CaliforniaCoastClassic.
Habitat for Humanity completes Santa Paula project
An eight-home development on Trinity Lane in Oxnard has been completed, a project launched by Habitat for Humanity of Ventura County in 2014.
Tenants of the new homes assisted in their construction alongside volunteers and will now move in, paying an affordable mortgage. Over 3,100 volunteers plus the homeowners put 60,000 hours into the construction of the homes.
Habitat says that a celebration of completion, which took place on Saturday, June 10, came at an important time in light of President Donald Trump's budget request that could “eliminate funding, including the Community Development Block Grant and the HOME Investment Partnership Program, for programs that further Habitat for Humanity's efforts to address the affordable housing crisis in Ventura County.”
“Today's celebration goes far beyond the houses you see here,” told Rachel McIver, director of marketing and communications for Habitat for Humanity of Ventura County to a crowd of attendees on Saturday. “Together, with all the volunteers and supporters, we have built a better future for these eight deserving families. We believe that every child [deserves] a stable start in a safe and secure home, and the 26 children that have moved into Trinity Lane will get that.”
For more information on Habitat for Humanity Ventura County, visit www.habitatventura.org.
Oxnard, Ventura see utility rate increases on July 1
The City of Oxnard has approved solid waste rate increases, effective July 1, and the city of Ventura Water customers should expect an increase as well.
The Oxnard rate increase comes in the wake of what the city says are higher costs of landfill use from “outside agencies,” specifically, via the Simi Valley Landfill & Recycling Center's Waste Management Pass-Through and the Ventura Regional Sanitation District Pass-Through, where rates increased from 2013 to 2016 by between 4 percent and 6 percent.
Households can expect a 1 percent increase per household unit, ranging from 11 cents to 31 cents.
In Ventura, residents will see an increase as part of Stage 3 Water Shortage event. In 2014, Ventura Water approved a four-year increase due to the ongoing drought and residents should expect an increase due to “increased costs to operate and maintain” water and wastewater systems.
To calculate your new rate, visit www.venturawater.net and click on “Rate Calculator.” For more information on the Oxnard waste water rates, visit www.oxnard.org/environmentalresources/.
Mikel Obi says Super Eagles will be ready for England friendly – Pulse Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Office of Government Ethics is calling on the White House to investigate the actions of counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway, less than a week after she appeared on television and promoted the apparel and accessories brand owned by Ivanka Trump -- saying there's "strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct."
Walter M. Shaub, Jr., the director of the Office of Government Ethics, sent a letter Monday to Stefan Passantino, the designated agency ethics official at the White House, recommending that an inquiry be made and asking the administration to “consider taking disciplinary action against her.”
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the letter.
The letter was released Tuesday by Democrats on the House Oversight Committee, which previously wrote OGE to request that the office look into Conway's statements. In an additional letter from Shaub to Reps. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah and Elijah Cummings, D-Marlyand, the chairman and ranking member of the oversight committee, the director notes that his recommendation to the White House constitutes the extent of his office's powers at this point.
The issue was first raised last week after Conway appeared on Fox News' “Fox & Friends” and was asked about the decision of the Nordstrom department store to no longer carry Ivanka Trump products.
“Go buy Ivanka's stuff,” said Conway during the interview on Thursday. “This is just a wonderful line. I own some of it… I'm going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online.”
Conway gave the remote interview from the James S. Brady Press Briefing Room with the White House seal visible behind her. Government ethics laws prohibit government employees from using their position or authority “to endorse any product.”
The president also took issue with Nordstrom's move, saying his daughter had been treated "unfairly" by the company.
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017
Following the interview Thursday afternoon, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Conway had been “counseled” on the issue but refused to offer additional comment.
Spicer also said that the president had "every right" to defend his daughter because "this is a direct attack on his policies and her name." Nordstrom said the move was based on "performance."
“Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted,” wrote Shaub to Passantino. “ I note that OGE's regulation on misuse of position offers as an example the hypothetical case of a Presidential appointee appearing in a television commercial to promote a product. Ms. Conway's actions track that example almost exactly.”
In his letter to Chaffetz and Cummings, Shaub explains that there are limits on OGE to address conflicts itself and therefore relies on federal agencies to discipline their own employees, hence his letter to the White House. The director did explain though that his office is able to notify the president if they feel an agency has failed “to take appropriate disciplinary action.”
“However, such notice would be ineffective in this case because any decision not to take disciplinary action will have been made by the President,” wrote Shaub of Conway's position as a subordinate of Trump's.
In addition to Nordstrom's move two weeks ago, Neiman Marcus announced it too will no long carry Ivanka Trump products, and employees at discount stores T.J. Maxx and Marshalls were reportedly asked to remove displays that featured the line.
Both Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom cited the performance of the brand and “productivity” for their decisions, while TJX Companies, which owns T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, said the rotation of of the merchandise was part of a standard mixing of their products.
TORONTO (AP) — Judge in Toronto orders 25-year-old suspected van driver held on 10 counts of 1st degree murder, 13 of attempted murder.
MONTREAL — A Montreal-area police officer is among more than 60 people arrested in a wide-ranging crackdown on the Hells Angels and their associates for alleged drug-related activities.
Provincial police say they've dismantled three narcotics sales networks from the leadership right down to the distributors.
They estimate the networks had made $10 million over eight months trafficking cocaine and synthetic drugs.
Some of the accused are also charged with fentanyl and cannabis trafficking.
Police say all of those arrested were either members or associates of the biker gang with the exception of a municipal police officer from Repentigny who allegedly acted as a courier for the Hells members.
As many as 16 other people are being sought after raids conducted in more than 20 municipalities in Quebec and New Brunswick.
Authorities say those targeted in the raids included the four bosses who allegedly oversaw three different Hells chapters.
Tuesday's arrests followed raids that took place in January and February.
Rapper Meek Mill freed after uproar over harsh term
New York, United States | AFP | Rapper Meek Mill won freedom from prison Tuesday after an unusually harsh sentence triggered protests that pointed to racial biases in US probation laws.
The 30-year-old Philadelphia rapper, who was jailed in November over a case from his teenage years, was ordered out on bail by Pennsylvania's Supreme Court.
As he walked at least temporarily free, Mill thanked supporters who campaigned for him as well as the Philadelphia district attorney's office that sided with him.
“I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Mill wrote on Twitter.
“In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career,” said Mill, whose last album “Wins and Losses” reached number three on the US chart.
Mill, raised by a single mother after his father was killed, was thrown into jail over his arrest on drug and gun possession charges in 2008, well before the rapper born as Robert Rihmeek Williams achieved stardom.
At what had looked like a routine hearing, Philadelphia judge Genece Brinkley handed Mill a term of between two and four years for violating terms of parole, including scheduling shows that conflicted with the court schedule and entering a publicized scuffle in St. Louis.
Ordering Mill out on bail, the state's Supreme Court cited “credibility issues” over a police officer who was a witness.
Mill has said he was badly beaten during the 2008 arrest and placed a bloody mugshot of himself as the cover of his “DC4” mixtape.
The Supreme Court did not throw out the case but asked the local court to reach a resolution within 60 days. It also did not remove Brinkley but noted she “may opt to remove herself from presiding over this matter.”
In addition to street rallies, Mill enjoyed the support of celebrities including hip-hop mogul Jay-Z, whose Roc Nation management signed Mill.
In an op-ed last year for The New York Times, Jay-Z said that Mill's case was “just one example of how our criminal justice system entraps and harasses hundreds of thousands of black people every day.”
Probation, which dates from English common law, was initially seen as a compassionate way for courts to grant freedom to people who pose little risk.
But a survey by The Marshall Project, a non-profit news organization that covers the US judicial system, found that at least 61,250 people — and probably far more — are in prison across the United States for minor parole violations like missing appointments, failing drug tests or staying out past curfew.
Share on: WhatsApp
The post Rapper Meek Mill freed after uproar over harsh term appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Woman accused of setting foster child ablaze
A 34-year-old woman, yesterday, appeared before an Ogudu magistrate's court in Lagos for allegedly setting her 12-year-old foster child ablaze.
The accused, Uzoma Austin, who resides at 5, Adesoji Street, Agiliti, Mile 12 area of Lagos, was docked on a two-count charge of injuring by explosive substance and causing grievous harm.
The prosecutor, Sergeant Lucky Ihiehie, said the woman set the little girl ablaze on June 8, at her residence, for stealing N1,000.
The prosecutor said the offence contravened Sections 242 and 243 of the Lagos State Criminal Code Law, 2011, which stipulates 14 and seven years imprisonment, respectively, for convicted offenders.
The accused, however, pleaded not guilty to the two-count charge.
The magistrate, Mrs Sule Amzat, admitted the accused to bail in the sum of N50,000 with two sureties, one of who must be a family member and show evidence of tax payment to the Lagos State Government.
The Lagos State Domestic and Sexual Violence Response Team, DSVRT, took up the case after the Ketu Police Station Family Support Unit informed them of the incident.
The Coordinator of DSVRT, Mrs Titilola Vivour-Adeniyi, said they rescued the child and took her to the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, LASUTH.
“The girl was first taken for first aid at LASUTH, but now she is receiving treatment at the Gbagada General Hospital,” she said.
Adeniyi also assured that an arrangement for where the victim will live after treatment would be taken care of and urged the people to report such unpleasant incidents around them.
The case was adjourned till July 8 for further hearing.
The post Woman accused of setting foster child ablaze appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Euro-area factories are scrambling to add staff as burgeoning orders stretch capacity.
A Purchasing Managers Index for the region's manufacturing industry rose to 58.1 in September from 57.4 the previous month, according to London-based IHS Markit. That compares with a preliminary reading of 58.2 and is the highest level in more than six and a half years. A gauge for employment rose at the fastest pace since the survey began in 1997.
The currency bloc's economy is on track to expand 2.2% this year, the strongest pace in a decade as global trade, central bank stimulus and political risks all combine to support growth.
“The euro-zone manufacturing boom kicked into an even higher gear in September,” said Chris Williamson, chief economist at IHS Markit. “Surging order-book growth has encouraged manufacturers to take on extra staff at a rate never previously seen in the 20-year history of the PMI survey. Despite this expansion of capacity, backlogs of incomplete work built up at a faster rate, suggesting that the hiring upturn has plenty more room to run.”
Unemployment was 9.1% in August, according to a separate report from Eurostat. Economists had predicted a drop to 9%.
Factory activity expanded in all major European countries, IHS Markit said, led by Germany and the Netherlands. Greece enjoyed its strongest growth since June 2008.
While inflation in the region failed to accelerate in September, European Central Bank policymakers — who will decide in October how to recalibrate asset purchases — can take comfort from the fact that the buoyant expansion is starting to push prices higher.
“The stronger euro has so far barely dented export growth and domestic demand conditions were generally seen to have improved,” Williamson said. “With the upturn being accompanied by rising inflationary pressures, expectations of an imminent announcement from the ECB in relation to tapering of policy stimulus will intensify.”
By Alessandro Speciale
COLUMBUS, Ohio – The Chicago Fire no longer occupy one of the top two spots in the Eastern Conference following Saturday's 3-1 loss at Columbus Crew SC that pivoted on uncharacteristic errors from the Men in Red.
The Fire conceded just five minutes after taking an early lead, and then were hit for two more goals on Crew SC counterattacks. As a result, Chicago lost their grip on one of the top two spots in the conference standings for the first time since mid-May.
“I think today we actually killed ourselves,” Fire head coach Veljko Paunovic said afterward. “I think we conceded things and mistakes that we had and the adjustments we did weren't good enough.”
It all started so well, with midfielder Michael de Leeuw scoring to give the lead to a Chicago side that entered Saturday 12-0-2 when scoring first.
But things quickly turned with Kekuta Manneh's 18th-minute equalizer, and despite controlling the rest of the first half, Chicago were unable to break down a compact Columbus side.
As the game wore on, the increasingly frustrated Fire grew more vulnerable.
“I think we played well in certain parts of the game, but most of all we were very sloppy,” de Leeuw said. “I think we had 20 unforced errors and at the end, the goals came from where I was. Also the third goal was a mistake for me. The positive – I think we played well, but the sloppy mistakes were too much.”
Paunovic agreed with that assessment as his team fell to 2-6-4 on the road this season.
“I think [Crew SC] did very well, but I think we conceded very innocent mistakes,” he said. “We gave up a couple of balls that you just cannot do that; against a team like Columbus, you cannot do that. You cannot do that against [Toronto FC], you cannot do that against [D.C. United] you cannot do that against any team in this league, so we just have to understand.”
With TFC and New York City FC both winning on Saturday night, the Fire fall to third and are six points back of the Reds, albeit with a match in hand.
Chicago goes on the road again on Wednesday to face the Montreal Impact before returning home next Saturday to take on TFC in front of what is expected to be an overflow crowd.
But Paunovic doesn't want his team looking ahead or worrying too much about what other teams are doing when there is work to do internally.
“We are just focusing on us,” he said. “We obviously follow other teams. Toronto is doing well and we have Toronto at home very soon. We have to get better, we have to come back to where we were at some point this season where you couldn't find the difference playing at home or on the road, so that's what we have to achieve again.”
American soldiers have been operating in Niger and other areas in northern Africa.
Three U.S. Special Operations officers were reportedly killed — and two others wounded — near the Mali-Niger border when a joint US-Nigerien patrol was attacked Wednesday
“A joint U.S. and Nigerien patrol came under hostile fire in southwest Niger,” Lt. Cmdr. Anthony Falvo, a spokesman for the United States Africa Command in Stuttgart, Germany, told the New York Times in an email late Wednesday.
Falvo added that the military is still "working to confirm details on the incident." The names of the dead soldiers were not immediately released.
The ambush occurred about 120 miles north of the Niger capital Niamey, in an area known for raids from the al-Qaeda offshoot, al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb. The three dead Green Berets represent the first U.S. casualties in the joint mission in Niger, where U.S Special Ops troops have been serving as advisers as the Saharan nation battles the ISIS-linked Boko Haram and the al-Qaeda group.
The details of the ambush, which occurred Wednesday afternoon local time, remain unclear, and no one initially claimed responsibility. But the U.S. said the operation was strictly training, not a combat mission.
The two wounded soldiers were in stable condition, CNN reported.
The terror group al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has been battling a French anti-terrorism effort called Operation Barkhane, though some experts believe it is only increasing instability in the region.
"Operation Barkhane may be doing more harm than good, since it provides crucial support to the repressive governments that are at the heart of the [region's] problems," Foreign Affairs reported. "A lighter French footprint focused on local peace-building efforts would cost less and be more effective in bringing real stability to the region."
In June, the Trump administration signed onto a French resolution at the U.N. creating a 5,000-person anti-terrorism force, though it is unclear who will pay for the mission, which was apparently a White House concern.
And even with French and U.S. military involvement, insurgents continue to enter Niger from Mali, Nigeria and Libya, the Times reported.
American troops are currently providing support and training to Niger, but also establishing a U.S. drone base, CNN reported.
Related Articles
TORONTO — CanniMed Therapeutics is seeking regulatory action in both Saskatchewan and Ontario, the company's latest push back against a hostile takeover attempt by Aurora Cannabis.
The Saskatoon-based medical marijuana producer (TSX:CMED) said Monday it has applied to securities regulators in both provinces for several orders, including that Aurora's hostile offer be considered an “insider bid,” and be treated as such.
Among other things, CanniMed is asking regulators to cease Aurora's takeover bid until 105 days after a circular that meets the regulatory requirements of an insider bid.
The announcement was made shortly before the Ontario Securities Commission's scheduled hearing on a related matter brought to it by Aurora, which asked the OSC to block CanniMed's takeover defence, or shareholders rights plan.
Last month, Aurora (TSX:ACB) launched an all-stock hostile takeover bid for CanniMed, with one of its conditions being that CanniMed abandon its own proposed acquisition of Newstrike Resources Ltd. (TSXV:HIP).
CanniMed has argued that Aurora's offer does not make sense for shareholders, but its own bid to acquire the Tragically Hip-backed marijuana company does.
The Saskatoon-based marijuana company asked Monday for regulators require Aurora to retract and correct what it says are “several materially false and misleading statements” in connection with its hostile bid.
NEW YORK – In a clubhouse full of Aarons, he hardly stands out.
But Aaron Hicks has seized the bull by the horns, especially over the last three days.
He hit three home runs for the Yankees against the arch-rival Red Sox Sunday, then connected again Tuesday with a first-inning drive against Sean Newcomb, arguably Atlanta's best starting pitcher.
Aaron Judge, he is gargantuan rightfielder whose 52 homers last year were a record for a rookie, is still connecting at a prodigious pace.
Aaron Boone, the rookie manager, is under a microscope after replacing Joe Girardi at the helm.
And Hank Aaron, who held the career home run record for 27 years, is still regarded as a god for breaking Babe Ruth's long-standing mark.
Hicks, by comparison, is like the little kid who brings a letter that fell out of the postman's bag.
All he wants is a little recognition.
The switch-hitting California native actually started spring training as the fifth outfielder on a team that had Aaron Judge, Giancarlo Stanton, Jacoby Ellsbury, and Brett Gardner ahead of him.
But Jacoby got hurt, allowing Boone to squeeze Hicks into the lineup when one of the two sluggers was serving as a designated hitter.
The plan worked perfectly, especially since Hicks does a decent job in the vast center field of Yankee Stadium.
He's also good at leading off, which he has done 18 times this season. The Yankees have won all but four of those games.
Hicks not only homered from both sides of the plate Sunday for the second time in his career but became the first Yankee to connect three times in a game since Alex Rodriguez did it three years ago this month in Minnesota.
He had five extra-base hits in his last two games before hitting his 15th of the season – tying a career high set last year — in the Yankee first inning Tuesday. He's even playing like the Yankee legend who wore his No. 31 previously, Dave Winfield.
Hicks, like most of his teammates, has found Yankee Stadium's short right field to his liking. He's now hit 27 of his 38 home runs as a Yankee on his home turf.
The 6'1″, 205-pound centerfielder came to the Yanks in an even-up trade for catcher John Ryan Murphy on November 11, 2015.
Needless to say, the Yankees got the best of that swap.
Turkey cabinet agrees to extend emergency after referendum
The Turkish cabinet agreed late Monday to extend for another three months the state of emergency imposed after last July's failed coup against President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the deputy premier said.
The decision comes after a meeting of the National Security Council (MGK), chaired by Erdoğan, to recommend its extension.
“The recommendation was considered and the Council of Ministers signed to extend the state of emergency for another three months from Wednesday,” Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told reporters in Ankara.
The emergency was due to end on April 19. Its extension follows the approval by Turkish voters of constitutional changes boosting Erdoğan's powers on Sunday.
The state of emergency has been renewed twice before in October and January after it was first declared on July 20, five days after the attempted putsch.
Now the decision will go to parliament for final approval, Kurtulmus said.
The deputy prime minister said the decision was not made to give the Turkish government free rein but because of its “fight against terrorist groups”.
“In this struggle, whatever is necessary will be done” against those accused of links to putschists, Kurtulmus said.
Under the state of emergency, over 47,000 people have been arrested on suspicion of links to the coup while tens of thousands more people working in the public sector have been dismissed or suspended from their jobs.
Many are academics, police officers, journalists and teachers as well as judges and prosecutors. The crackdown has been heavily criticised by Turkey's Western allies.
Over 51 percent of Turks voted in the referendum in support of changes that will axe the role of premier and allow the president to appoint ministers.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By RICARDO ALONSO-ZALDIVAR
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
___
AP writer David Crary in New York contributed to this report.
Deb D'Andrea, Nederland. I've been reading about an increase of snake activity recently, with several people and a couple dogs getting bitten. One person had ear buds in while running and couldn't hear the warning signal before getting bit; becoming fully incapacitated on the trail within 25-35 minutes, and was luckily found in time for 911 to come to his rescue. So now may be a good time to lose the ear buds while hiking and trail running, and good to keep your dog on leash close by, on wide trails where you can clearly see if a snake is in your path.
Nature does have a way of providing us with warning signals if we're aware and listening; though not always. Snakes have bitten with no warning sound. Across the United States, snake bites happen when least expects it. So it's a good idea to always be prepared and have all your emergency information on your person in case you become incapacitated. About 7,000 people get bitten a year, with an estimated 5 dying. For dogs, there is a 20 percent fatality rate. Colorado has a few venomous snakes, the Desert Massasauga, the Midget Faded Rattlesnake, the Prairie Rattlesnake and the Western Massasauga. Take a moment to research what these guys look like so you'll know if you run across them in your travels.
A bite from a venomous snake can be extremely painful, and snake venom is not to be taken lightly as it has some instant and potentially long term effects. It causes numbness, diminished function, severe pain, cell death, and in some cases neurotoxicity and nerve transmission interference resulting in paralysis. If your dog gets bitten, quickly try to identify the snake before it scurries off; determine where and how many times your dog was bitten; wrap a constricting band snugly, but not excessively tight, just above the bite wound to help slow the spread of the venom; and get to the animal hospital as quickly as possible while keeping your dog calm. Do not cut Xs over the fang marks or try to suck the venom out.
While there is antivenin serum, it can be very expensive, with severe cases requiring several vials.
Each antivenin is created for specific snakes, so if your pet is bitten, try to get a look or picture of the snake. It's a good idea to call your Vet ahead of time and ask if they keep antivenin in stock. If they don't, ask if they know who does and keep that number handy just in case.
As rattlers are mostly nocturnal, it's wise to minimize nighttime walks and discourage your dog from exploring off path, potentially stirring up a snake. While I usually encourage curiosity in my dogs, I'll be keeping them a bit closer given the up tick in snake sightings.
Till next time. Deb D'Andrea, founder of 4TheLuvOfDogz & the Caribou Dog Ranch is recognized by the State of Colorado as a Certified Canine Massage Therapist and visits your home or Vet to work with your dog. Canine Agility may be offered at the Caribou Dog Ranch in 2017 if there is interest. Deb currently has limited availability for new Petz Nanny Clients; and she bakes up fresh dog treats & doggy birthday cakes per order. For information contact Deb at 720-675-7078 or email: info@4theluvofdogz.com.
Illinois Eases Burden for Cryptocurrency Startups with New Guidance
A major financial regulator in the state of Illinois has issued new guidance for startups working in the nascent blockchain sector.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — The Latest on Cambridge Analytica's use of Facebook data (all times local):
1:15 p.m.
Experts are saying that Cambridge Analytica, the political firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining data from Facebook, isn't alone in its data-mining capability.
Robert Ricci, a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media, says what makes this case more insidious is its connection with possible elections meddling, something Facebook has been under scrutiny for.
Ricci says marketers are already using similar profiling techniques to sell products and services. What's different here is the use of data to try to influence who you are voting for — or whether you are voting at all.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
——
1 p.m.
The head of the European Union's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Antonio Tajani tweeted on Monday: “Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account.” Tajani, who is president of the EU parliament, hasn't provided details.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case.
——
12:35 p.m.
Facebook is having its worst trading day since 2012 as details emerge about how a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election.
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said Monday on NBC's “Today” that the group identified voters who might be swayed and “injected content” that may or may not be true. Late Friday, Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
Facebook shares sank $13.43 in midday trading, putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector, with fears rising of increased government regulation.
Alphabet, Google's parent company, lost almost 3 per cent and Microsoft fell almost 2 per cent.
————–
11:30 a.m.
A former employee of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm says it used algorithms that “took fake news to the next level” using data inappropriately obtained from Facebook.
Chris Wylie says the firm, Cambridge Analytica, secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
He says the firm used “informational dominance” to capture every channel of information around a person to surround them with curated information, changing their perception of what's actually happening.
In an interview Monday on NBC's “Today,” Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to “explore mental vulnerabilities of people.
While Wylie said he doesn't know to what extent Trump's campaign used the techniques, he said Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Trump even announced his run for office.
Advertisement
Trending Four Wildlife Tours in the United States Worth Taking Travelers often think they have to travel far abroad to take in majestic wildlife, but there's an abundance of natural beauty right here in the U.S. worth checking out. Image An elk in Dogwood Canyon Nature Park, one of the places where wildlife tours are proliferating around the United States. Credit Dogwood Canyon Nature Park
Think you need to travel to the African savanna or South American rain forest to see fantastic wildlife? Think again. According to Martha Kauffman, a managing director and scientist at the World Wildlife Fund, the United States has an abundance of opportunities for memorable wildlife encounters. “The U.S. is home to thousands of species of wildlife, and it's possible to see lots of these animals up close in their natural habitats,” she said.
Wildlife tours are springing up around the country. Here are four options for this winter and spring.
Sandhill Cranes in Nebraska
Ms. Kauffman said that one of the most spectacular wildlife viewing experiences she's ever had been in March in Nebraska's Platte River valley, when more than 80 percent of the world's sandhill cranes, more than 550,000 in all, congregate in the area. They roost in the river by night and forage in the surrounding fields by day, and it's a sight to behold. The birds are on their way to Canada and Alaska, and come from Mexico, Texas and New Mexico.
One way to see the cranes is on the overnight photography tour from the Crane Trust. Visitors spend the night in a photo-video blind: a 20 foot by 8 foot plywood structure that can accommodate two people. The blind is stationed near the roosting birds on the river, and it's possible to photograph them in both the morning and evening. Prices start at $250 a blind, and tours run from March 4 to 31. Reserve by emailing the Trust directly, at info@cranetrust.org.
Eagle Spotting and Bison Watching in the Ozarks
In winter, several species of animals make their home in the 10,000-acre Dogwood Canyon Nature Park, in Missouri's Ozark Mountains. The park is home to eagles, bison, elk and otters. Visitors can encounter these animals through a private two-hour wildlife viewing tour with a park ranger (prices start at $200 for up to three people) or go on a self-guided biking or walking wildlife viewing tour using the brochure available at the park's visiting center. Visit the park's website for more information, and to book a tour.
Sleigh Rides in Idaho
Through the winter, the Shore Lodge, in McCall, Idaho, offers both guests and visitors who haven't booked a room the chance to go on an hourlong sleigh ride along the Gold Fork River to see and feed Rocky Mountain elk. Riders will also likely see white-tailed deer and foxes on the trip. Tickets are $20 per adult, and nightly rates at the Lodge start at $260. Visit shorelodge.com to book.
Child-Friendly Petting Tours in Pennsylvania
Nemacolin Woodlands Resort, in Farmington, PA, is situated among 2,000 acres of forest in the Laurel Highlands. The wildlife in the vicinity includes pygmy goats, Iranian sheep, and black bears. Both guests and passers-by can see these animals by signing up for a two-hour tour, offered daily throughout the year. The tours are run by a wildlife expert who takes guests on an open-air cart through the woodlands. During portions of the trip, participants can get-off the vehicle to feed some of the wildlife they encounter, including the sheep. Tickets are $90 a person, and resort rates start at $159 per night. Book by calling the resort directly, at 1-866-399-6957.
Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page TR 2 of the New York edition with the headline: The Call of the Wild
Tonight, on the With Spandex WWE Raw open discussion thread:
With Alexa Bliss' top challenger Bayley out with a separated right shoulder, Sasha Banks will battle Nia Jax to determine which Superstar will challenge Little Miss Bliss for the Raw Women's Championship at SummerSlam. Meanwhile, the strange saga of Dean Ambrose & Seth Rollins continues after a surprising change of heart by both The Lunatic Fringe and the former turncoat who now seeks his forgiveness. Tune in to Raw this Monday, live at 8/7 C on the USA Network. (via WWE.com)
Our five-point preview:
1. Last week, Bayley came out to explain how she was legitimately injured and out of SummerSlam, and got legitimately booed by the crowd. Watch this, With Spandex: You can actually pinpoint the second when her heart rips in half. As a result, we have a new No. 1 contender for Alexa Bliss' Raw women's championship to crown tonight, between Sasha Banks and Nia Jax. My money is on the zombie.
2. Big Cass has been getting more and more orange with each passing week of his heel run. What shade will he be this week? I'm voting Goldfish Cracker, but I could see Moldy Tangerine as a viable dark horse candidate. I hope his SummerSlam opponent the Big Show doesn't mind washing all that bronzer off his hands every time they scrap.
3. The Finn Bálor/Bray Wyatt feud will undoubtedly continue tonight, even though Balor himself said Wyatt's not a big enough threat to warrant the Demon appearing. At this point, I honestly have to wonder if we'd be better off with Husky Harris than Bray Wyatt. At least that guy was in the Nexus.
4. Two weeks ago, Seth Rollins tried to get Dean Ambrose to forgive him, and Ambrose blew him off. Last week, Dean Ambrose tried to get Seth Rollins to forgive him — by extending the Shield fist, even! — and Rollins blew him off. Tonight, the tension will continue to build, as Rollins will be about to board a plane to Paris to take his dream job with Ralph Lauren and Ambrose will show up at the airport, get through security and profess his love to him for the first time in their complicated relationship, only for Rollins to respond, “I have to get on the plane. I can't do this right now, I'm sorry.” Tune in at SummerSlam to see if Rollins does, in fact, get off the plane. (Side note: Dean Ambrose definitely still has a landline with an answering machine.)
5. Oh, right, the SummerSlam main event: WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar isn't advertised for this SummerSlam go-home show, which seems like a pretty dang big misdirect, so expect him to finally get physical with the other three combatants in this Sunday's fatal four-way: Braun Strowman, Samoa Joe, and Poochie The Rockin' Dog.
We're including 10 of our favorite comments from tonight's open discussion thread in tomorrow's Best and Worst of Raw column, so comment as much as you can and reply to your favorites with a +1. That'll nominate them for consideration. Otherwise, enjoy the show!
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old. When she was a senior in high school her life flew off the rails.
She was getting high on whatever drugs she could get her hands on. She was suicidal. Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober, but could only stay sober while she was on campus during the week.
"I'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really, really hard," says Berkowitz. "Sometimes I'd make it through the weekend, and sometimes I just couldn't make it. It was white-knuckling it, just holding on."
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz.
"I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope," she says.
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck. She had private health insurance and she lived in Connecticut, where a startup company, Aware Recovery Care, had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober: her home.
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business, but a lot of the treatment that's available is expensive and patients often relapse. Fortunately, there is a way to help some people pay less for better results, says Matt Eacott, vice president of Aware Recovery Care.
"Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you're done," says Eacott.
Instead, Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it doesn't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control. The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction, Eacott says, with better results than most competitors achieve.
Aware comes into clients' homes and connects them with a nurse, a primary care doctor, a therapist, peer support, 12-step meetings and a case manager. Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment. They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking, if that helps them stick with the program.
Hannah's mother, Lois Berkowitz, says the program is intense at first. But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background.
"It's not like they're doing the work for the addict," says Lois Berkowitz, "they're just basically taking them by the hand and saying, 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you. And I'm going to go with you to start, so it doesn't feel that uncomfortable. And then we're going to let you fly.' "
Before they "fly," Aware clients have a pretty long runway. The treatment lasts for a full year.
Benefits worth the initial cost, insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire. The program is expensive. It costs $38,000 a year. As of now, it's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut.
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware, because the treatment is based on hard science that's yielding solid results for clients, says Dr. Steven Korn, Anthem's behavioral health medical director. Science and results are rare in addiction treatment, he says.
"There are old, old notions that have hung pretty tough," says Korn. "When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned, the response of physicians was, 'Well, go to AA. That's not our problem. We don't treat that.' "
For a year of treatment, Anthem says it's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment. Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment.
That's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care, says Dr. Stuart Gitlow, past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits, Gitlow says.
"It's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use," he says, "but is about what led to the substance use in the first place. And you can't really get there without getting to know the patient."
Aware says it's in negotiations with four more major insurers. The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year.
This story is part of NPR's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News.
Video: Fans throw dead rats at player during Copenhagen derby
A Danish Superliga game between Brondby and FC Copenhagen was marred when home fans threw dead rats at a player.
Brondby supporters threw the rodents at FC Copenhagen defender Ludwig Augustinsson as he went to take a corner kick.
Leaders FC Copenhagen won the match 1-0 to open up a 13-point lead over nearest rivals Brondby.
“It's unfortunate that there are some visitors who could not figure out how to behave properly,” said Brondby's sports director Troels Bech.
Footage of the incident shows Slovenia international Benjamin Verbic helping team-mate Augustinsson clear at least two rats off the pitch at the 28,000-capacity Brondby Stadium.
Brondby are 10-times champions of Denmark while FC Copenhagen, managed by former Wolverhampton Wanderers boss Stale Solbakken, have won the title 11 times.
The post Video: Fans throw dead rats at player during Copenhagen derby appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) -- Frankie Ferrari had 19 points and Jordan Ratinho scored 17 to help San Francisco beat Santa Clara 70-59 on Saturday night.
Ferrari and Ratinho combined to shoot 14 of 23 from the field, including 4 of 7 from 3-point range. Matt McCarthy added 12 points on 6-of-9 shooting for USF (13-12, 5-7 West Coast Conference).
The Dons used runs of 14-4 and 9-0 to open a 14-point first-half lead before going into the break with a 35-23 advantage. KJ Feagin scored 11 points, and Henrik Jadersten scored the final six, in a 19-5 spurt that made it 42-all with 14 minutes to play, but Ratinho answered with a 3 and then made a layup to push the lead back to five points. Feagin's layup trimmed Santa Clara's deficit to 58-57 with five minutes left, but Ferrari countered with a 3-point play and the Broncos made just 1 of 10 from the field from there.
Feagin had 15 points, and Henry Caruso scored 12, for Santa Clara (8-16, 5-7).
USF shot 55 percent from the field and outrebounded the Broncos 34-21.
Photo by Corey Agopian on Unsplash
The summer is ending, and that means we're just a few short weeks away from heading back to the grind — whether that means returning to class or regularly scheduled work. If you've got a commute ahead of you, here are the five apps you need to transition back to the 9-5 life with minimum fuss.
Waze
Chilling around #commuting #outsideisfree #lookmumnohands #augustariders #fixedforum A post shared by Matteo Zolt (@dr.zoltberg) on Aug 14, 2017 at 10:46am PDT
If you're driving to your destination, Google's crowdsourced travel app is useful for a lot more than just getting directions. Waze tracks real-time traffic speeds, accidents, pulled-over cars, and other useful data to determine just what the best route is, even if that sometimes means going all Smash Mouth and taking the backstreets.
Consider this a chance to get to know your city better, and to see more than just the highways and off ramps. Or, take screenshots to justify telecommuting into work.
BOULDER, Colo. — McKinley Wright scored 21 points, Lucas Siewert had 13 and Colorado held Utah to a season-low point total in beating the Utes 67-55 on Friday night.
George King added 12 points and 10 rebounds for Colorado (13-10, 5-6 Pac-12), which snapped a three-game skid as well as a seven-game losing streak to Utah (13-9, 5-6).
It was Wright's fifth 20-plus point game this season and first since he also had 21 points against Iowa on Dec. 22.
Utah did not have a player score in double figures and was outshot by the Buffaloes 43.1 to 35.1 per cent. David Collette's eight points led the Utes, whose previous low point total came in an 85-58 loss to UNLV on Nov. 22.
King said the Buffaloes focused their defensive effort on Utah's perimeter shooters. The Utes had come converting an average of nearly 10 3-pointers per game but finished with seven against Colorado, including two in the final 4:01 when the game was all but out of reach.
“We did a good job of taking away their strengths,” King said. “Our coaches challenged us to go out and prevent that and that's what we were able to do. … We just had a lot of energy and effort. We had a sense of urgency. I think that when we got stops, it ignited us offensively.”
It was just the opposite for the Utes, who never hit their stride offensively.
“It was a grind from an offensive point of view,” said Utah coach Larry Krystkowiak. “We just didn't have a whole lot of momentum and anything clicking.”
Colorado coach Tad Boyle said the win, coming in the first part of a three-game homestand that concludes with California and Stanford next week, helps position the Buffaloes for a strong finish in the season's final month.
“I've said it earlier, you can't win three in a row unless you win the first one,” Boyle said. “We've just got to take it as it goes but this is the time of year I think it's really important that we are emotionally, physically, mentally ready to take on all the challenges that come in February and March.
“Because this is when you have to raise your game up, so to speak, the execution has to get better, the toughness has to be there and I was really pleased with the way we played tonight in those areas.”
Utah got consecutive baskets from Justin Bibbins and Jayce Johnson to pull to 34-27 but Siewert then hit a pair of 3s on successive possessions and D'Shawn Schwartz offset a 3-pointer by Utah's Donnie Tillman with one of his own, putting the Buffaloes up by 13.
The Buffaloes stretched their lead to 52-35 on a 3-pointer and a pair of free throws by King. Colorado maintained its double-digit advantage the rest of the way.
Colorado closed the first half with a 10-0 burst over the last 4:46 of the period to take a 27-20 lead.
Wright touched off the flurry with a 3-pointer and capped it with a turnaround jumper that just beat the first-half buzzer.
BIG PICTURE
Utah: The Utes struggled offensively, especially from 3-point range, going 7 for 23 in losing to Colorado for the first time in four years. Bibbins, their leading scorer, epitomized their struggles, going 3 for 11 from the field, including 0 for 5 from beyond the arc.
Colorado: The Buffaloes' up-and-down season appears on the upswing again with a solid performance against a league rival. Colorado's youthful squad has been inconsistent but shown it is good enough to beat some well-regarded teams when playing at its best.
STREAK STOPPED
Bibbins finished with seven points on the night, ending a string of 11 consecutive games in which he had scored in double figures.
ANOTHER DOUBLE
King, who's averaging a team-high 8.2 rebounds per game, had 10 rebounds to go with his 12 points for his 13th career double-double. Six of them have come this season.
UP NEXT
Utah: Returns home to host Stanford on Thursday night.
Colorado: Continues a three-game homestand by hosting California on Wednesday night.
An injury crash was reported on North Blanchard Street near Walnut Street around 10:27 a.m., according to scanner traffic.
Additional information will be provided as it becomes available.
Comments
comments
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov arrived in North Korea on Thursday for talks with senior officials.
The visit comes amid a flurry of diplomatic efforts by Pyongyang, Seoul and Washington to restore a meeting between US President Donald Trump and North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un, originally scheduled for June 12 in Singapore but later canceled by Trump.
What happened
Lavrov met with his North Korean counterpart Ri Yong Ho and others at the Supreme People's Assembly building in the North Korean capital.
Lavrov and his deputy Igor Morgulov paid their respects at a monument to Soviet soldiers in Pyongyang's Moranbong Park.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said earlier Lavrov and Ri were expected to discuss "vital issues of bilateral relations and key international and regional issues."
Further details of Lavrov's schedule in Pyongyong were not disclosed.
ap/rt (AP, AFP, Reuters)
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Tijd ATV (KN.12.1) – Altijd Een Goed Idee
Programma – Overzicht
dinsdag 24 april 2018
7:00 CNN Nieuws
7:35 Steven Reyme Ministries
8:10 Fitness:Shaun T Insanity Max Out Power
8:45 Teen Titans
9:00 Caribbean Newsline
9:35 ATV Sports
10:25 Tv.film:Soda Springs
12:30 The Rubing Health Foundation
12:50 Kinderfilm:Zootopia
14:40 Super Hit Video:Super Intro Clips
15:36 Angelina Ballerina:The Mouse Detective
16:00 A Bite Of China :The Taste Of Time
17:05 The Adventures Of Tin Tin
18:00 ATV Nieuws
18:50 The Mick
19:15 Belicht
19:35 How To Build Everything:Drone Revolution
20:15 Bizarre Foods :Peruvian Amazon
21:05 Panorama
22:00 Trekking:Tek.2/Double Tek.2/Match.3/High.5
22:10 Lethal Weapon
22:57 Caribbean Newsline
23:30 Shut Eye
00:21 ATV Nieuws
01:00 Superhuman
01:45 Tv.film:Savages
03:51 Tv.film:The Best Offer
06:02 Wildest India :Himalayas Surviving The Summits
07:00 CNN Nieuws
07:35 Bribi Ministries
(Wijzigingen Voorbehouden)
What Osinbajo told Igbo leaders over Biafra, Northern youth threat (FULL TEXT)
The acting president said Nigeria cannot tolerate hate and divisive speech.
The post What Osinbajo told Igbo leaders over Biafra, Northern youth threat (FULL TEXT) appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WELLINGTON, New Zealand — As a young boy growing up on Bikini Atoll, Alson Kelen spent idyllic days playing on the beach and fishing.
His grandfather built canoes and his father tended the land. With fewer than 150 people on the remote Pacific island it was a close community, he says, with few signs of the former U.S. nuclear testing program other than the concrete bunkers he was told to avoid and the sunken ships in the lagoon.
But in 1978, when Kelen was 10, officials evacuated everybody. It turned out they'd been premature in declaring the Marshall Islands atoll safe again for humans. Radiation levels were still dangerously high.
More than 70 years after the first tests, the atoll remains contaminated today. It's part of a troubling nuclear legacy that continues to affect islands and people across the Pacific long after the U.S., Britain and France stopped their testing programs there.
As nuclear tensions rise in the Asia-Pacific region, and in the South Pacific in particular, Kelen and others are reflecting on that legacy anew.
North Korea has discussed testing a hydrogen bomb in the Pacific after earlier firing a missile over Japan and threatening Guam. U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to “totally destroy North Korea” if provoked and called leader Kim Jong-un “Rocket Man.” The dictator has responded by calling Trump a “mentally deranged U.S. dotard.”
Kelen says that if the threats do escalate to a nuclear test or even an attack, “it would be a huge, huge disaster.”
The 49-year-old says he has no idea if his exposure to radiation during the four years he lived on Bikini as a boy has affected his health. He says scientists used to test him and his family regularly, but stopped within a couple of years of them leaving the atoll.
Scientists have calculated that about 1.6 per cent of all cancers developed by Marshallese people exposed to radiation can be attributed to the nuclear tests. For some islanders who were close to the blasts, the rate rises to 55 per cent.
The nuclear tests exacted an enormous social toll on Bikini residents and their children, who are now scattered across the Marshall Islands and beyond and have been left without a homeland. Kelen says they've lost the ancestral land that's central to their identity.
“Ninety per cent of Bikinians have never seen Bikini. It's a legend; it's a fairy tale,” he said. “They know more about Hawaii and the U.S. mainland than Bikini.”
The U.S. government first asked Bikini residents to leave temporarily in 1946. It then conducted a series of tests over a dozen years, including detonating a massive hydrogen bomb hundreds of times more powerful than the nuclear bombs the U.S. dropped on Japan during World War II.
The inhabitants were moved to other islands that proved inhospitable. Kelen's family eventually ended up in Majuro, the capital. He says his parents always planned to return to Bikini but got to spend just four years there before being told to leave again. Kelen's father died two years ago and his mother, now 93, is too old to travel.
“They told us we were relocated from Bikini for the good of mankind, to bring peace to the world. But I think nuclear is the same as climate change,” Kelen said. “It benefits the big countries and ruins the small countries.”
Bikini residents have received some compensation from the United States. But many people, including Marshall Islands President Hilda Heine, say it's not enough.
Heine said in a speech this year that the removal of the Bikini residents produced “inconsolable grief, terror and righteous anger” that hadn't diminished in the seven decades since, and had been exacerbated by the U.S. being dishonest about the extent of the radiation and its effects.
Five thousand kilometres (3,000 miles) away in Tahiti, French Polynesia, Roland Oldham is also grappling with nuclear testing's legacy.
He is president of Moruroa e tatou, an organization that represents victims of French tests at Moruroa and Fangataufa atolls. The nuclear tests lasted 30 years, ending in 1996, the year the United Nations adopted the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty.
Studies have shown that people in the region during the tests had an increased risk of developing thyroid cancer. But information on radiation exposure remains classified, making it hard to estimate the risks.
Oldham says those who worked directly on the testing program suffered high rates of cancer and other health problems. He says it's difficult to get good statistics on the health effects on the broader community because of the continuing secrecy.
Much of the later testing was carried out underground, but some radiation has leaked. Oldham fears the problem could get much worse because parts of the atolls are in danger of subsiding.
Oldham, 66, says he sailed around Moruroa while completing his military service with the French Navy in 1970. He says he never saw or felt anything, and doesn't know if he was exposed to radiation or the extent of that exposure.
Oldham says the heated rhetoric between the leaders of North Korea and the United States has made much of the Pacific vulnerable at the moment because of U.S. military bases in places like Guam, Japan and South Korea.
“The day the two guys throw a punch at each other,” he said, “the whole area will be suffering.”
He says he worries that mankind is headed toward its own destruction by nuclear weapons.
“At some stage I want to be sick, when I observe the things happening in front of my eyes,” he said. “What a world. What a crazy mess.”
Point Pleasant Junior/Senior High School Principal William Cottrill recognizes the following students for outstanding academic excellence for the first semester of the 2017-18 school year.
The following students have achieved a 4.01 grade point average or above: Twelfth grade: McKenna Bronosky, Garrett Harbour, Alex Lenkov, Cierra Porter, Kelsey Price and Justin Staats. Eleventh Grade: Kenlee Bonecutter, Sarah Deem, Tanner Durst, Seth Fishbaugh, Hannah Fisher, Caroline Foreman, Allison Halley, Madison Hatfield, Allison Henderson, Tanner King, Alexina Landry, Olivia Martin, Cason Payne, Hayley Russell, Jacob Shull, George Smith, Kendra Williams. Tenth Grade: Monica Cook, Isaac Daniels, Josie Hill, Peyton Hughes, Kassidy Jordan, Izabella King, Tayllor King, Raelee Rymer, Carlee Sang, Samantha Saunders, Nicholas Smith, Ashley Staats, Taylor Tatterson, Dylan Tayengco, Kara Topping, Cohen Yates. Ninth Grade: Kenly Arbogast, Luke Blain, Olivia Boggess, Crimson Cochran, Parker Henderson, Braylon Higginbotham, Morgan Keefer, Maggie Kincaid, McKenzie Leonard, Kennade Pridemore, Gracie Queen, Avery Richardson, Sam Robertson, Hannah Wood. Eighth Grade: Justin White.
The following students have achieved a 4.0 – 3.81 grade point average: Twelfth grade: Austin Adams, Heather Anderson, Bailey Barnett, Lila Beattie, Ronald Bonecutter, Justin Brumfield, Kelsie Byus, Alexander Carlisle, Trevor Clendenin, Faith Cook, Brenna Dotson, Jacob Farley, Clayton Hill, Thomas Jeffrey, Isaac Kapp, Bradley Linger, Trevor Martin, Katie Moody, Nicholas Newell, Randall Roach, Bryce Tayengco, Bryan Taylor, Allison Terrell, Brandon Tucker, Sierra Vanmeter, Kristin Veroski. Eleventh Grade: Cierra Beatty, Blayne Butler, Peyton Campbell, Vanessa Clark, Alexandria Craft, Andrea Dalton, Jordan Daubenmire, Trevon Franklin, Kyla Grimes, Brianna Haga, Beke Jenson, Hajin Kim, Mickayla Norville, Mariah Nowlin, Austin Richardson, Carson Taylor Miles Williams. Tenth Grade: Kayle Burris, Gavyn Buskirk, Rebekah Casey, Levi Cicoff, John Fridley, Aleah Gerwig, Amber Hatfield, Garrett Hatten, Bailey Johnson, Mariah Jones McKeehan Justus, Zara Lafavers, Kasey Lyons, Alexis Martin, Morgan Miller, Colton Pearson, Zoe Pearson, Dakota Ward, Bethany Whittington. Ninth Grade: Nickolas Ball, Austin Brumfield, Caitlin Campbell, Rachel Casey, Clover Donahue, Travis Donohew, Mitchell Freeman, Alexandria Greenlee, Madison Gritt, Kierra Henry, Kevin Jones Clairy Keefer, Trenton Mayes, Kayci Michaels, Kyelar Morrow, Riley Oliver, Jazmine Scarberry, Ethan Searls, Jillian Teichman, Corey Wheeler, Lillian White, Jazmin Williams, Alexis Wray. Eighth Grade: Alivia Ahlers, Madeline Allensworth, Isabella Barton, Richard Bennett, David Bledsoe, Jadyn Bowman, Haley Bryant, Kayla Butler, Hector Castillo, Kindra Cheesebrew, Rylee Cochran, Jeremy Connolly, Sydney Cook, Tayah Fetty, Robert Fisher, Dennis Foreman, Mackandle Freeman, Tyler Goodale, Emillee Griffin, Eian Grigsby, Kaylee Halley, Emma Harbour, Elijah Harmon, Kendal Haynie, Alexander Hill, Kyle Hill, Kady Hughes, David Kapp, Hayley Keefer, Shawna King, Chloe Lambert, Allison Legg, Baylee Loudin, Amy Marr, Alexandra Marrero, Chantel Mayes, Brenton McCoy, Skylar Mullins, Julia Parsons, Brooks Pearson, Paula Plantz, Colby Price, Adriana Raymore, Michael Robleto, Kaycee Roush, Isabella Sang, Emma Sayre, Aria Schoon, Annabelle, Shrader, Katelynn Smith, Morgan Snyder, Ryan Tatterson, Diana Warner, Mitchell Wears, Austin Weikle, Bruce Whittington, Hunter Whittington, Madelline Wilcoxen, Jeromy Williams, Maggie Woyan. Seventh Grade: Natalie Bailes, Bailey Bays, Kylie Billings, Matison Brown, Gary Carroll, Abigail Clark, Jackson Clark, Jackson Clark, Jenna Cunningham, Sydnee Darst, Kirill Donahue, Mattilyn Fields, Natalee Fields, Aaron Finley, Kennedy Fisher, Madison Forbush, Colton Gibbs, Dakota Gilbert, Jessica Hart, Weston Higginbotham, Trendon Jackson, Hunter Lilly, Hannah Lloyd, Emalee Martin, Felicia Mattox, Savannah Mayhue, Joseph Milhoan, Trenton Murphy, Madison Newell, Nicole Oldaker, Jaidyn Patrick, Jonathan Porter, Hailey Ralbusky, Nathan Rhodes, Evan Roach, Havin Roush, Chloe Sellers, Danielle Sowards, Addyson Stein, Carson Tench, Maddelynn Towner, Emmalea Warden, Zoey Watson, Ian Wood, Jacob Woyan.
The following students have achieved a 3.80 – 3.50 grade point average: Twelfth Grade: Jason Bechtle, Khloie Billings, Jacob Carry, Christina Dabbs, Kelly Darst, Ian Fielder, Andrew Flowers, Logan Hill, Hannah Holcomb, Jacob Hussell, Makayla Jones, Alisha Klages, Grace Lee, Jacob Massile, Brett McCoy, Miranda Parsons, Jennifer Patterson, Madison Robinson, Dillon Skiles, Matthew Smith, LJ Spencer Madyson, Stone, Chase Walker. Eleventh Grade: Kirsten Abrams, Aubrey Alford, McKensey Black, Hannah Blain, William Boster, Hannah Grubb, Kaylee Hartley, Rylee Holland, Addison Hughe, Andrew Jones, Lindsey Kessell, Dakota McNutt, McKayla Meadows, Sydnee Moore, Miranda Payne, Rhiannon Rife, Katelyn Roush, Salem Sussell, Olivia Snyder, Bailey Thomas, Alexis Watkins-Lovejoy, Luke Wilson, Dawson Wilson. Tenth Grade: Grace Allensworth, Justice Bennett, Cristina Casacuberta, Remington Durst, Lauren Gritt, Ally Harper, Jovone Johnson, Karly Kerns, Haley Milhoan, Lacie Mullins, Tristan Pearson, Brady Sayre, Jenna Snyder, Wyatt Stanley, Peyton Taylor, Michael Wamsley, Braxton Yates. Ninth Grade: Brooklyn Athey, Sophie Beattie, Conrad Berkley, Jaden Buttrick, Hailey Canterbury, Evan Dotson, Ryan Duff, Richard Fauver, Bailey Gilbert, Morgan Gilley, Wesley Grimes, Lacey Grimm, Taylor Jeffrey, Jack Kerwood, Michael Pinkerton, Shaya Robinson, Jalisa Silva-Toney, Christopher Smith, Adison Utterback, Tristan Wilson. Eighth Grade: Jenna Bonecutter, Adalynn Cottrill, Hailey Deslich, Chloe Deweese, Shannon Dunn, Bryce Grubb, Anthony Hamilton, Caleb Hatfield, Jaden Jordan, Isabella Kapp, Olivia Knapp, Randall Moerike, Derek Raike, Jackson Sayre, Destiny Stanton, Dhelsea Supple, Orilee Weethee, Morgan Willoughby, Maticison Wolfe, Ava Yonker, Courtney Young. Seventh Grade: Kanaan Abbas, Tabatha Alkire, Arnold Birchfield, Evan Boitnott, Ariel Bonecutter, Ruth Carr, Eric Chapman, Haylee Dewitt, Branch Dorsey, Breanna Duncan, Olivia Dunn, Brett Flory, Bailee Francis, Hunter Furlong, Brooks Gilley, Allyson Gillispie, Corey Graham, Jada Kent, Casey Killingsworth, Ethan Kincaid, Breanna Lambert, Dawson Long, Thomas Manning, Angel Martin, Kaden McCutcheon, Kayla Moses, Peyton Murphy, Jessika Pingor, Adam Polcyn, Britney Price, Kylie Price, Prestan Randolph, Alasaundra Reed, Mackenzie Rhodes, Keely Towner, Aden Warden, Breona Wolfe-Wright.
The following students have achieved a 3.49 – 3.0 grade point average: Twelfth Grade: Tylor Bright, Jason Chapman, Leah Cochran, Brandon Connolly, Brittany Crump, Christopher Davis, Trace Derenberger, Charles Ebert, Kara Ebert, Ryan Geppert, Jesse Gleason, Jonathan Jones, Rachael Keaton, Hope Love, Brendan Lovejoy, Chad Lyons, Danielle Marcum, Kyra Massey-Nibert, Thomas Mayes, Gabrielle McCarthy, Jena McCarthy Robert Merle, Kylee Neal, Jeremiah Ogier, Caitlin Peal, William Plants, Tiffany Rose, Olivia Sang, Hailey See, Ashley Smith, Chloe Stanley, Miranda Swisher, Cole Walker, Jessica Wallace. Eleventh Grade: Courtney Birchfield, Garrett Boles, Caroline Click, Evan Cobb, Ali Coe, Erin Davis, Nathaniel DeWeese, Olyvia Duncan, Rachel Dunn, Colton Fridley, Gavin Frush, Hannah Grady, Chelsea Hall, Ryan Kinniard, Caleb Marin, Levi Mitchell, Collin Peterson, Haley Pierson, Nicholas Rogers, Tristen Roush, Adriane Sharp, Carter Smith, Jeremiah Stover, Marly Thompson, Hannah Wamsley, Jennifer Williamson, Jimmie Wood. Tenth Grade: Alexis Abrams, Nathan Barth, Carson Chambers, Silas Deweese, Olivia Dotson, Cheyenne Durst, Jarred Fairchild, Zackery Forbush, Danielle Fultz, Austin Hadley,Gabriel Hall, Lathan Harrison, Penelope Haught, Jacob Hesson, Haileigh Hodge, Axyle Jones, Mark Kincaid, Autumn Lambert, Anna Litchfield, Juan Marquez, Matthew Mayes, Hannah Spurlock, Shala Swain, Steven Wamsley. Ninth Grade: Ethan Atkinson, Haley Berkley, Kaitlin Bryant, Christopher Burris, Hunter Bush, Jeffrey Bush, Kylee Chapman, Isaac Craddock, Mark Fowler, Herbert Frymyer, Makayla Gibbs, Skyla Hall, Chayston Handley, Lauryn Heib, Kelsie Hunt, Angel Keliher, Michael, King, Dillon Long, Tanner Mitchell, Cierra Rollins, Adam Veroski, Zane Wamsley, Wyatt Wilson, Kortny Workman. Eighth Grade: Josie Akers, Dynasty Bailes, Caden Boles, Chelsey Bright, Cortney Campbell, Madison Carpenter, Abby Clendenen, Gaberielle Corbin, Bradey Cunningham, Ashton Doss, Trinity Epling, Holly Gooderham, Alyssa Grimes, Jackson Hamm, Kirsten Handley, Isabella Haught, Lillian Hill, Ariel Leach, Nicholous Matheny, Timothy Morris, Kelsie Morrow, Madison Pearson, Trey Peck, Abby Queen, Jared Ramirez, Brayden Randolph, Jaden Reed, Timothy Reed, Baylie Rickard, Devon Ross, Kia Satterfield, Hayden Scott, Bella Shaw, Alexis Smith, Isaiah Staats, Kyrsten Stoud, Steven Taylor, Matthew Thompson, Shelby Thompson, DaNayla Ward, Sophia White, Maleah Williams, Timothy Williams, Elicia Wood. Seventh Grade: Carl Baker, Michael Barger, Brentney Bonecutter, Nyasia Bryan, Makenzi Bryant, Patience Burke, Harley Childers, Jersey Clark, Trystin Cochran, Clarissa Dalton, Blake Edmonds, Richard Edwards, Lia Elias, Andrew Fetty, Drake Gerwig, Noah Hart, Shawn Henry, Maliek Holman, Tanner Holton, Aaliyah Hurt, Gavin Jeffers, James King, Levi Logan, Hayden McDaniel, Chase Miller, Luke Moffitt, Brycen Morris, Lillian Overmyer, Dryden Pearson, Garrett Peck, Trevor Rainey, Hannah Ralbusky, Brianna Rhodes, Brennen Sang, Dawson Saunders, Gage Simpkins, Kianna Smith, Kierra Smith, Zachary Smith, Emily Stacy, Trevontay Strapp, Cheyenne Sturgeon, Megan Talada, Emily Taylor, Austin Tice, Brayden Williamson, Hayley Wray, Louella Sright, Colton Young.
What Osinbajo told Igbo leaders over Biafra, Northern youth threat (FULL TEXT)
The acting president said Nigeria cannot tolerate hate and divisive speech.
The post What Osinbajo told Igbo leaders over Biafra, Northern youth threat (FULL TEXT) appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
APC Will Remain In Power For 200years – Presidency
Okoi Obono-Obla, Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on prosecution, said the Progressives Congress, APC will exist for 200 years.
Obono-Obla made the remark after presenting his book entitled ‘APC: The Making of a Change Agent' to John Oyegun, national chairman of the ruling party at the national secretariat of the APC in Abuja.
“I said in the next 200 years, APC will be alive. Yes, why not? Because we have done very well and we are going to remain in power as long as we continue to do well, we believe Nigerian people will always vote for us,” he said.
The post APC Will Remain In Power For 200years – Presidency appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Facebook Acquires Artificial Intelligence Startup Ozlo
Facebook has acquired Ozlo, a Palo Alto-based artificial intelligence startup, to help Messenger build out a more elaborate virtual assistant for users.
Ozlo specializes in understanding text-based conversations, and claims it can understand and provide answers to questions that don't necessarily have simple yes or no answers -- what Ozlo calls "probabilistic assertions of truth."
On the company's website, for example, a short demo shows its AI assistant answering a question about whether or not a restaurant is "group friendly" based on pulling and understanding multiple reviews.
Ozlo's website claims it has 30 employees, and a Facebook spokesperson says the "majority of the team" will be joining Messenger in Facebook's offices in either Menlo Park, Calif., or Seattle, Wash.
Facebook is buying the company's technology and workforce, and it sounds as though Ozlo's technology will fold into Messenger's existing AI efforts, though it's unclear if that includes Messenger's existing virtual assistant, M.
"They're just going to be working with [Messenger] to continue their work with artificial intelligence and machine learning," a spokesperson said. She also declined to comment on the financial terms of the deal.
Messenger started rolling out recommendations from its AI assistant earlier this year, which meant users might be prompted to order an Uber or pay a friend based on the conversation they're having.
Publicly, Facebook has only featured its improvements around building a text-based assistant, despite others like Apple, Google and Amazon, which are building voice-controlled AI assistants.
Back in May, Messenger's product boss Stan Chudnovsky explained that Facebook is focused on text-based AI because voice conversations require a third step that text conversations do not.
"Until we nail [text] we don't want to go into a world where we teach people what we cannot do well," Chudnovsky said. "Otherwise we're going to be in the world where people very quickly realize certain things that we don't do well yet and then they may not give us another try."
Messenger hopes Ozlo can speed up that process.
The startup has raised $14 million from a number of investors, including Greylock. As part of the acquisition, it will shutter its existing app and its enterprise APIs.
© 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots from Ozlo/iTunes and Apple.
Before he was a top adviser in Donald Trump's White House, Jared Kushner's real estate company filed false paperwork in New York City claiming it had zero rent-regulated tenants in buildings that in fact had many, which led to the company being able to sell the properties quickly for millions in profit, reported the Associated Press…
Ekiti got only N8.8bn as first tranche of Paris Club refund – PDP
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ekiti State has dismissed claim by the Progressives Congress (APC) in the State that N9.5 billion was received by the State as first tranche of the Paris Club refund, saying that “Ekiti State and the 16 Local Councils received N8.8 billion out of which the State got N5.4 Billion and the Local Councils got N3.4 billion and no kobo has been received as second tranche of the refund by any State in the country.”
In a release issued on Wednesday by State publicity Secretary of the party, Mr Jackson Adebayo, the party said Nigerians were aware of the fact that the Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) hired a team of consultants to help secure the repayment of the over-deducted funds from the Federal Government when the FG was dragging its feet on the issue.
“It is even an irony that States and Local Councils in Nigeria are being treated like beggars on the refund of money belonging to them that was illegally deducted by the federal government. It is sad that instead of the federal government refunding the money it illegally deducted with apology to the States and Local Councils, it is the one giving terms,” the PDP said.
The party said it was funny that the same APC that ran the State aground, plunging the State into the debt that has caused financial embarrassment to the State during its four years rule is the one trying to get back to the minds of Ekiti people through false information.
“Everyone in Nigeria would also recollect that the consultants collected a certain percentage of the funds released to the 36 States of the federation and the FCT as consultancy fees and the issue of consultancy fees became a national issue as the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) investigated the matter for several months,” the party said.
The PDP also urged those behind the deliberate misinformation to endeavour to find out what other States got as against the report by the Federal Ministry of Finance.
“Lagos State received N14.5 billion while the Federal Ministry of Finance's report indicated that Lagos State got N16.7 billion,” it said.
The party urged the people of the State to always ignore the lies and machinations of the APC that is brandishing different figures of the Paris debt refund to Ekiti State, challenging the mischief makers to come forward with evidence, particularly and account into which the fund was deposited.
“Governor Ayodele Fayose has remained transparent in allocations that come to the State and this Paris Club refund case will not be different. He has told the workers expressly that when the second tranche of the Paris Club refund comes, he will call them together, present it before them and deliberate on how best to defray salaries owed.
“The governor has assured the workers that he will continue to deal with them with all honesty and will make frantic efforts to ensure that salaries are paid,” the PDP said.
The post Ekiti got only N8.8bn as first tranche of Paris Club refund – PDP appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AP Photo/Reed Saxon
DETROIT (AP) — Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths. Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety. Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red. “It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer,” said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation. Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized. “It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend,” Arnold said. Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokeswoman Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages. The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets. But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open. The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings: – The youngest drivers – those ages 16 to 18 – were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s. – Eighty-three percent of drivers – and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older – said they were more careful than other drivers on the road. – Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days. – Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving. – Twenty-three percent of drivers – and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 – think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days. – Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
Comments
comments
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) — NBC-TV says actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport.
NBC reports (http://nbcnews.to/2kHo2iu ) that Ford, an experienced pilot, was told to land on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but he mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby.
NBC says air traffic control recordings have Ford asking: “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?”
American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas.
Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined comment Tuesday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was the pilot of the single-engine Husky, but he says the pilot received and read back the proper landing instructions.
The FAA is investigating.
Pimax takes notes from Valve for its prototype ‘knuckles' VR controller
Borrowing from Valve Software's unreleased knuckles controller, Pimax revealed a similar peripheral for its upcoming 8K VR headset. It will support all five fingers using thumb, trigger, and grip buttons along with two sensors.
The post Pimax takes notes from Valve for its prototype ‘knuckles' VR controller appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The U.S. embassy in Beijing published a Fourth of July message on their official Weibo webpage on July 3, which led to numerous netizens to ask for U.S. salvation, reports say.
Chinese authorities who is a sensor China's internet more systematically than anyone else, were slow to respond which allowed the post to be visible from when it was published at 1.47 p.m. yesterday until late-morning today.
In a Weibo post that explained the Fourth of July to the Chinese audience yesterday afternoon, a host of netizens replied with comments of support and admiration of the U.S. government.
"Happy U.S. empire day" said one, "The U.S. can save everything in China" said another, according to the Liberty Times.
"Please rescue the Chinese government from high house prices that drink the blood of young people" implored a netizen.
"I wish one day that China with Japan and South Korea can enjoy democratic values as well as U.S. military protection" hoped another.
Despite growing controls on the internet and especially Weibo in China, the Chinese government was slow to delete the posts, leading for some to ask why the Chinese government does not dare to delete them, according to the Liberty Times.
The post was deleted during sometime the late morning of July 4.
July 4 is the U.S.'s national day, which celebrates the signing of the Declaration of Independence in 1776, a pronouncement of secession by 13 U.S. colonies from the British Empire.
My Red Light aims to become the Netherlands's first official cooperative of prostitutes, where they have a say about their work schedule and the design of the rooms, and even train for managerial positions.
Photo
“One of the things we have changed in recent years is that instead of talking about what is good for prostitutes, we have started to talk to them,” said Jasper Karman, spokesman for Amsterdam's mayor, Eberhard van der Laan.
Not everyone likes the idea, among them some fellow prostitutes who are suspicious of the city's involvement. But My Red Light has drawn support from unlikely quarters, including award-winning Dutch furniture and interior designers, who have helped outfit the rooms.
Sitting on a blue vinyl mattress on a stage, a glowing red bathtub in one corner and a Richard Hutten red leather stool by the window, Lyle Muns, a male prostitute who is on the board of My Red Light, explained recently that the project, which opened in May, was still a work in progress.
“I am really passionate about this project and I believe it could work, but it is also an experiment, right?” he said. “We haven't succeeded until My Red Light is run mostly by sex workers and we are making a profit.”
The concept of My Red Light was first discussed in Amsterdam as far back as 2007, when the city tried to combat crime in the neighborhood through the 1012 Project, a reference to the central red-light district's postal code.
Authorities eventually shut down about 125 windows where prostitutes displayed themselves, leaving many feeling they were being pushed out so that the city could gentrify the historic area, which claims some of Amsterdam's most valuable real estate.
Photo
Protests led to regular meetings between the city and activists, and then to a feasibility study that eventually gave birth to My Red Light. The city helped a social investment fund buy four buildings that it now rents to My Red Light.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As soon as the fund bought the buildings late last year, all ties to the city were cut. Currently, My Red Light officially operates as a foundation. “We hope in a year or two we'll be run entirely by sex workers or ex-sex workers,” said Justine Le Clercq, a spokeswoman for My Red Light.
When My Red Light starts to turn a profit, she said, it plans to invest the money in workshops and other programs for the prostitutes, like business training and language classes.
The group has also been discussing investing in something like workers' compensation insurance so that prostitutes who get sick or injured can get financial support.
When it came to the design of the interiors, My Red Light argued that prostitutes deserve the same quality of working environment as chief executives and celebrities. So they engaged the award-winning Dutch furniture company Lensvelt, which helped furnish the V.I.P. lounge at the Schiphol airport.
Lensvelt chose the interior design architect Janpaul Scholtmeijer, of Vens Architecten. His only strict directive was to make all the design decisions along with a group of about five prostitutes.
Photo
Left to his own devices, Mr. Scholtmeijer joked, he would have covered the rooms in velvet, but the prostitutes rolled their eyes at his impracticality.
“In the end, what was most important for the sex workers was that the spaces were easy to clean and hygienic,” Mr. Scholtmeijer said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The prostitutes also requested that a small locker be built within the bed frame with a slit to insert cash. There was a lot of discussion as to where to place panic buttons.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Three months after its debut, My Red Light is slowly trying to gain the trust of the other brothels and build a community of prostitutes.
About 75 percent of all prostitutes are from Eastern or Central Europe, outside the European Union, with the remaining 25 percent Dutch, or from South or Central America, according to the mayor's office. This complicates efforts toward cooperation.
Heleen Driessen, who has worked in Amsterdam as a counselor and advocate for prostitutes for the last two decades, said there were “often issues between the sex workers because they are different nationalities and don't speak the same language, or still need to gain confidence in My Red Light or have the mentality of, ‘I just want to go home at six or go home to Ecuador in a few months and not get involved in these kinds of projects.'”
Photo
My Red Light has attracted criticism from some members of the city's only official network of prostitutes, Proud, which offers everything from language workshops to pro bono lawyer consultations. Some members even threatened to sue My Red Light after not getting the management positions they said they were promised. My Red Light responded that the women had marks on their records, and that if it hired them, My Red Light would lose its license under municipal regulations.
“It's just another brothel,” said Yvette Luhrs, a spokeswoman for Proud. “It isn't really owned or run by sex workers. Also the media spectacle around it has been derogatory to other brothels.”
She said that what prostitutes really wanted was to be allowed to run their own business out of their own homes without being bothered by the police. The city says that in order to control human trafficking and protect the well being of independent prostitutes, the police have to make regular checks.
“You lose grip on the whole scene if you allow sex workers to work out of homes, unregulated like that,” said Jolanda de Boer, a public prosecutor who has been involved in human trafficking cases in Amsterdam for the last decade.
She said she believed that the city truly wanted to help protect and support prostitutes, but that after 10 years of overseeing so many cases of abused prostitutes, she is skeptical that prostitution can be normalized.
“Stop saying that it's the oldest profession in the world,” she said. “Women and the disadvantaged have always been exploited, and we should not accept that.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Le Clercq, the Red Light spokeswoman, said: “There are, of course, connections between human trafficking and prostitution, but there are also connections between crime and the flower industry and crime and building houses. There are really people who want to do this work, so just let them do it.”
Matt Bomer Plays a Transgender Woman in ‘Anything' – FIRST LOOK
Multiple injuries have been reported after a shooting at GOP congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia early Wednesday morning. The suspect is reportedly in custody.
Congressmen were practicing for an annual charity baseball game between Democrats and Republicans.
Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise has also reportedly been shot. Two Capitol police officers have reportedly been shot.
According to Rep. Mo Brooks, who spoke to CNN, the gunman began firing from behind a dugout he was using for protection and hit Scalise before a member of the GOP security detail began firing back at the gunman with a pistol.People scattered as Scalise dragged himself away from the gunman. At least five were wounded according to the eyewitness.
Brooks said approximately 40 to 45 people were attending the practice, including staffers, representatives, and security detail.
Brooks said the gunman appeared to be a middle-aged white male.
Donald Trump released a statement:
“The Vice President and I are aware of the shooting incident in Virginia and are monitoring developments closely. We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected.”
Developing…
Statement from office of Rep. Steve Scalise: Scalise was shot in the hip and is currently undergoing surgery. He is in "stable condition." pic.twitter.com/GaMuDOnoLN — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) June 14, 2017
Sen. Rand Paul praises Capitol Police: "These guys were real heroes, and without them I think everyone would have been killed." pic.twitter.com/sNseLfzlBf — This Week (@ThisWeekABC) June 14, 2017
POTUS statement on congressional baseball practice shooting pic.twitter.com/0N1y79gxcU — Jim Acosta (@Acosta) June 14, 2017
Rand Paul said after 1st shot there was a rapid succession of shots… saw Scalise shot but moving. “trying to drag himself through the dirt" — Sam Stein (@samsteinhp) June 14, 2017
from @RepMoBrooks "Shooter attack at GOPpractice. Rifle. 50+ shots fired. 5 or more hits including GOP Whip steve scalise. I am not shot." — Matt Murphy (@mattmurphyshow) June 14, 2017
U.S. Congressman Steve Scalise shot in the hip as gunman opens fire at Congressional baseball field in Virginia. pic.twitter.com/pEVlQg6o4Q — WWL-TV (@WWLTV) June 14, 2017
BREAKING: Rep. Steve Scalise, multiple aides shot at Congressional baseball practice. pic.twitter.com/BECtQ9ajZq — Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) June 14, 2017
#BREAKING Shooting at Congressional baseball practice. Scalise hit. Other staffers hit. Gunmen with rifle — Chad Pergram (@ChadPergram) June 14, 2017
#BBNaija: Slay Queen regrets ignoring Miracle who was in her DM few years ago
Big Brother Naija 2018 winner, Miracle is undoubtedly having the time of his life with his new found fame.
A Nigerian lady with Instagram handle @omotoke_dacoco took to the platform to disclose how she is now regretting ignoring the pilot who was in her DM.
The lady took to her Instalive to share screenshots of chats with Miracle, before he was unveiled as the reality show's housemates and then winner.
She wrote: “That was how i was always ignoring Miracle when e was always in my dm, i use my throw away my husband so nw am nw the fan”
See one below:
Another photo of the lady ;
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Slay Queen regrets ignoring Miracle who was in her DM few years ago appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mariners lament over-lapping functions of maritime agencies
By Godwin Oritse
THE Nigerian Association of Master Mariners, (NAMM), has expressed concern over the over-lapping functions of the various maritime agencies in Nigeria, adding that the development portends absence of strategic maritime policy.
Speaking at its quarterly meeting in Lagos, the association's president, Captain Joseph Awodeha, said the absence of a strategic maritime policy has not only led to under-development of the maritime industry, but has denied Nigeria international partnership.
He further noted that the lack of strategic policy has led to all sorts of unwholesome practice and confusion which only benefit some people. Awodeha also called on the government to commence a strategic training programme for practitioners in the maritime industry as a succession plan for the ageing professionals. He was particular about the Nigerian cadets that are currently undergoing training in various maritime academies around the world.
The retired shipping captain lamented the transfer of theoretical knowledge without the opportunity of having the practical aspect of the training. He stated: “There is no point in sending cadets abroad for training and at the end of the training, the cadet does not have the practical experience to carry out the job he has been trained in. There are so many cadets that have been trained abroad but they cannot perform their duties as marine officers- or engineers because of the absence of practical knowledge. So they have come in with academic qualification but no professional competence. In other words, until we do that, we have not spent monies well on the training of the cadets, they are half baked, they are not complete officers yet.”
The post Mariners lament over-lapping functions of maritime agencies appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TUCSON, Ariz. — Deandre Ayton overpowered Alabama's big men all night, something he's done consistently during his freshman year. Allonzo Trier turned it on in the second half, playing with a rare efficiency.
When Arizona's top two players are at their best, the Wildcats are mighty tough to stop.
Ayton had 29 points and 18 rebounds, Trier scored 20 of his 25 points in the second half and Arizona outlasted Alabama 88-82 Saturday night.
“If I can throw it into Deandre, ain't nobody going to leave me, so he has all the room to work,” Trier said. “One person between him and the basket, he's going to score all day.”
Arizona's first real home test and the fans were ready, making McKale Center louder than it's been all season.
The Wildcats (7-3) responded with their second quality win of the week, backing up a victory over No. 7 Texas A&M with a strong all-around performance to win their 45th straight nonconference home game.
Alabama (7-3) matched Arizona nearly shot for shot in one of college basketball's toughest road environments, pulling within 84-80 on Riley Norris' 3-pointer with 38 seconds left.
The Crimson Tide could not get any closer as Trier, who took just six shots, hit three free throws in the final 34 seconds to seal it for Arizona.
Arizona had 43-30 rebounding advantage and shot 52 per cent.
Collin Sexton scored 21 of his 30 points in the second half, and Donta Hall had 15 points and 12 rebounds for Alabama.
“During the SEC, we're going to have to go Kentucky, Missouri and places like that with … the same type of crowds,” Sexton said. “We were in their place and said, ‘Let's win.”‘
Arizona's defence was a sore spot to start the season, leading to three straight losses in the Bahamas that dropped the Wildcats out of the AP Top 25 from No. 2 — a first since Louisville in 1986.
Even when the Wildcats rolled over Long Beach State, coach Sean Miller lamented their defensive effort in a 25-minute postgame rant.
Arizona shored up its defence on Tuesday, when it grinded out a 67-64 victory over No. 7 Texas A&M in Phoenix.
The Wildcats were good defensively in stretches, had Miller turning dark shades of red at other times.
“Certainly, there's room for improvement,” he said.
For their first big home test, the Wildcats got back sophomore guard Rawle Alkins, a tough, emotional player who Miller hoped would give them a lift.
Arizona had a spark before Alkins even entered the game, efficiently working its offence during a 10-0 run that put the Wildcats up 24-13. The Crimson Tide fought back behind their defence, using a 13-2 run to tie it at 26-all.
Alabama had no one who could stop Ayton in the first half — 15 points and nine rebounds — but Sexton banked in a 3-pointer at the buzzer to put the Tide up 40-38.
The Crimson Tide went on a quick run to start the second half, but Arizona rallied and the teams traded athletic plays, neither to gain much separation.
Alabama closed in around Ayton to limit his shots, but Trier got free multiple times to keep the Wildcats around the lead.
Sexton was Alabama's go-to player, confidently stroking in long 3-pointers and driving to the basket.
BIG PICTURE
Alabama came up short, but handling a hostile environment at McKale Center and keeping it close against a good team should only help the Crimson Tide later in the season.
Arizona could find itself back in the AP Top 25 next week after two quality wins.
TRIER'S EFFICIENCY
Scoring 25 points on six shots is not easy to do, but Trier managed it by making 3 of his 5 shots from the 3-point arc and 14 of 16 from the free-throw line.
FREE THROWS
Alabama had been one of the nation's worst free-throw shooting teams, entering Saturday's game shooting 63 per cent. The Crimson Tide found their stroke at McKale Center, hitting 24 of 28, including 15 of 16 by Sexton.
“Coach always said, ‘They're going to fall,”‘ Sexton said. “He told us to continue to work. If we keep working, they're going to start falling.”
Arizona, which shoots 76 per cent on the season, went 22 for 35.
UP NEXT
Alabama hosts Mercer on Dec. 19.
Arizona plays at New Mexico next Saturday.
OTTAWA — The country's finance ministers are cautiously optimistic a deal can be reached Monday on how to divvy up the tax proceeds from the eventual sale of legalized marijuana.
Provincial and territorial finance ministers met in Ottawa for a second day to discuss a range of issues — but the dominant topic has been negotiations on how they will share revenue from a federal excise tax on recreational cannabis.
On his way to the meeting Monday, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government argued at a working dinner Sunday night that it, too, will have costs. Ottawa also showed flexibility on revenue and cost-sharing issues, he added.
“I'd suspect there are a couple of provinces that are still holding out… They don't want to find themselves caught in a position for the next two years where they're underwater — nobody wants to be in that position,” Sousa said.
“But I think we're getting pretty close.”
Part of the negotiations have been centred on the Trudeau government's proposal to impose a cannabis excise tax of $1 per gram or 10 per cent of the final retail price, whichever is higher.
An initial federal offer of a 50-50 split with the provinces and territories was flatly rejected. The provinces and territories say they will face added expenses such as public-awareness campaigns, extra policing, busier court systems and increased road safety efforts.
Ottawa has since said it's prepared to go further — as long as some of that extra cash goes to cities. The Federation of Canadian Municipalities wants a third of the revenues earmarked to help municipal governments handle administrative and policing costs.
Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau said Monday he thinks a reasonable compromise can be reached on how to share a source of tax revenue that Ottawa has estimated could eventually climb to $1 billion per year.
“From a number of provinces, I had a clear sense that they were onboard and ready to move forward,” Morneau said on his way to the meeting.
“Like any negotiations, there's going to be back and forth. I think we're making progress.”
On Sunday, Morneau was expected to counter the argument that Ottawa won't see the same level of costs associated with legalization by telling his counterparts he has already committed more than $1 billion over five years towards pot legalization in areas like policing and border security.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said Monday that the federal government made it clear Sunday it will also have costs. But he noted the plan to legalize pot came from Ottawa.
“It's the federal government that decided to go in this direction,” Leitao said.
He added that his objective is to leave Ottawa with an agreement and he was hopeful a “co-ordinated Canadian approach” can be designed to ensure the governments eliminate the black market.
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns, Leitao said each province will do it their own way.
“Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be,” he said.
“And every province is different, every city is different, so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces.”
During the meetings, the ministers will also discuss the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They will also explore the state of the global economy and listen to a presentation by Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Talks are also expected to resume on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
— with files from Terry Pedwell
NEW YORK (AP) — Yemeni Americans in New York are speaking out against a U.S. travel ban as the Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments over whether it should be upheld.
Some Yemeni owners of bodegas, the corner stores so prevalent in New York City, shut down for an hour on Tuesday afternoon to protest against the ban. It was a shortened version of a protest bodega owners initiated last year.
The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments over Republican President Donald Trump's ban on Wednesday.
This third version of the ban bars nationals of several Muslim majority countries from entering the United States.
Opponents say it discriminates against Muslims; supporters say it's necessary for national security purposes.
Getty Image
Victor Oladipo has been a revelation in Indiana, as the Pacers' guard has gone from a somewhat-disappointing No. 2 overall draft pick to an honest-to-god superstar for the most surprising team in the league. His talent has always been undeniable, but until this year, Oladipo had never really put it all together.
Now, Indiana is sitting at 16-11, good for fifth place in the Eastern Conference. Oladipo is 10th in the league in scoring at 24.5 points per game, while his Player Efficiency Rating this season is good for 15th-best in the NBA.
Because this is all happening with the Pacers and because of the trade that sent him to the franchise, everything Oladipo does invariably gets compared to former Indiana star Paul George. After Oladipo went for a career-high 47 points in a 126-106 win over Denver on Sunday night, he addressed these comparisons and why he's getting “sick and tired” of them.
The anti-bias training that closed Starbucks stores across the U.S. for a few hours Tuesday is over. Will it change anything?
That's what one St. Louisan is asking after he was recently racially profiled at a local Nordstrom Rack. Mekhi Lee, 19, and his two friends were shopping at the store in early May when employees accused them of stealing. Lee said they had receipts to prove they paid for items.
The incident happened a couple of weeks after two men in Philadelphia were arrested after waiting in a Starbucks, an incident that led to nationwide anti-bias training for company employees.
Lee is skeptical that the half-day of training will make an impact.
“Black people have been hurt by racial profiling, so just one day, you're not going to just change the views and just stop assuming. Or get people to feel where we're coming from in just one day, because it's been happening for decades,” Lee said.
Hear Mekhi Lee and two others with different perspectives on racial bias training.
Lee said forming stereotypes about people starts as children are growing up and develop into perceptions that are a lot harder to change when people are older. He said despite what people assumed about him in the store, he is a teen like other teens.
The DeSmet Jesuit High School graduate is a freshman at Alabama A&M. He studies business management and information science with the hope one day creating his own IT firm. Lee said he felt humiliated by what happened. Nordstrom Rack apologized for the incident.
“It's been on my mind like everyday,” he said. “I don't try to think about it, like it's just in my mind. Like right now. Like I'll wake up and something about Nordstrom Rack. It's just in my brain.”
Lee said he wonders if the training Starbucks held this week was mostly just its way of saving face. The coffee chain tweeted Tuesday that it wants “to make Starbucks an inclusive gathering place for all.”
"Heartwrenching" memories
Lee's not alone in his thinking. Another St. Louis resident, Nancy Nix-Rice, participated in an anti-bias training session through St. Louis Renewed recently. She worries the training was a way for the company to pat itself on the back for a job well-done.
The Louisiana native in her 60s said she thought she understood discrimination and marginalization; after all, she's involved in advocacy would through the National Council of Jewish Women. But she said the training moved her to reflect on “heartwrenching” memories, including one from childhood.
“I grew up in the south during the timeframe after Brown v. Board of Education when the schools mandated to desegregate and were resisting so heavily and we saw films of students outside their high school chanting 'two-four-six-eight, we don't want to integrate,'” she said. “I like to look back and think that I was never a bigoted person, even as a child, but there was something just very uncomfortably familiar about that chant.”
Nix-Rice said the training allowed her to expand on what she already knew and inspired her to do build on the lessons learned. She went with a group to Memphis to visit civil rights sites, she joined a social justice book club and she's participating in a racial justice task force through a local Jewish organization.
Moving closer
Human and organizational development specialist Leon Sharpe said this kind of reflection is important for long-term change. Still, he said, there is evidence that educating people about what bias is and where it comes from can help build awareness and lead to change.
“It moves us closer toward what I think our potential is as human beings and what we are really meant to be-the full expression of our evolutionary potential,” Sharpe said.
Echoing Lee's observations, Sharpe said racial and gender bias, “have developed in our society and within people's psyches over long stretches of time. They are based on some myths about human difference.”
Ashley Lisenby is part of the public radio collaborative Sharing America, covering the intersection of race, identity and culture. This new initiative, funded by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, includes reporters in Hartford, St. Louis, Kansas City, and Portland, Oregon. Follow Ashley on Twitter @aadlisenby.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Florida has suspended troubled receiver Antonio Callaway and six other players for the team's season opener against Michigan.
Defensive end Keivonnis Davis, defensive lineman Richerd Desir-Jones, linebacker James Houston, linebacker Ventrell Miller, defensive lineman Jordan Smith and offensive tackle Kadeem Telfort also won't play Sept. 2 against the Wolverines in Arlington, Texas.
The players were suspended for misusing school-issued funds, according to a person familiar with the situation. The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity Sunday because Florida did not release details of the suspensions.
"We have a small group of players that have made some choices that are extremely disappointing," coach Jim McElwain said in a statement. "Action has been taken: They have missed some practice and will miss the Michigan game. We will use this as a learning opportunity and we will have some players step up as we move forward."
Being without Callaway could be big since he's the team's top offensive playmaker. In two seasons, the junior from Miami has 89 catches for 1,399 yards and 11 touchdowns.
But his talent has been overshadowed by his troubles.
Callaway pleaded no contest to misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia in May and was suspended for the spring semester in 2016 amid sexual battery allegations. He admitted in court documents that he smoked marijuana, though he was eventually cleared of the battery allegation by a Title IX investigation.
Callaway was internally disciplined following the marijuana citation this spring.
Davis was expected to be a key contributor in Florida's defensive line rotation. He had 27 tackles, 1½ sacks and a forced fumble in 2016.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-06
Minority Spokesperson on Energy, Mr Adams Mutawakilu
Mr Adams Mutawakilu, the Minority Spokesperson on Energy has called on government to show transparency by dialoguing with the aggrieved workers of the Electricity Company of Ghana (ECG).
According to him, the Minority in Parliament was not impressed with the way the Minister of Energy, Mr Boakye Agyarko was handling the issue.
Mr Adams Mutawakilu made the call during an interview with the media in Parliament on issues concerning the aggrieved workers of ECG.
The Public Utilities Workers Union (PUWU) has filed a suit demanding a severance package because of the possibility of a retrenchment exercise, which they believe could affect them once the company was given to the concessionaire.
The government however rejected the demands of the ECG staff describing it as hasty since they were yet to select a concessionaire.
The Energy Minister at a press briefing in Accra noted that any such payments would only be made for workers who voluntarily decide to sever their relationship with the company after the takeover.
Mr Mutawakilu also stated that the reason why the workers are agitated was because the Minister had taken an entrenched position on the matter and the workers felt disrespected.
He said the ECG staff themselves had stated many times that the Minister had not engaged them and were not sure of their fate under the concession.
He cited for example that when the Ghana Commercial Bank (GCB) took over UT Bank and Capital Bank and the workers were assured at least six months, less than three months some of them had been asked to go home.
“That tells you that by word of mouth assurance is not enough, if that time the workers had signed an agreement with government with respect to that they would have taken different action which would inure to their benefit” he added.
Mr Mutawakilu further stated that government's assurance that no ECG worker would be laid off should not be taken as a legal binding agreement until they had proper agreement with government.
He said there was the need for workers of ECG to know their fate in terms of their job security before the company was taken over by the concessionaire in 2018.
He said the government must explore an out of court settlement with the aggrieved workers or risk losing the Compact II since the court action was likely to affect the process.
ARLINGTON, Va. — Washington Capitals forward Nathan Walker is set to become the first Australian player to dress in an NHL game when he makes his debut Saturday night against the Montreal Canadiens.
Walker grew up in Sydney after he and his family emigrated from the United Kingdom when he was 2. After his brother Ryan was exposed to the sport, it became clear Nathan had pro potential and he moved to the Czech Republic at age 13 to play minor and then junior hockey.
The Capitals made Walker the first Australian selected in the NHL draft when they took him in the third round in 2014. After a few seasons in the minors, the 23-year-old developed into a strong penalty killer and earned a spot on Washington's season-opening roster.
——
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno
——
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
WASHINGTON — Step by methodical step, the Trump administration is remaking government policy on reproductive health — moving to limit access to birth control and abortion and bolstering abstinence-only sex education.
Social and religious conservatives praise the administration for promoting “a culture of life.” But women's-rights activists and some medical experts view the multi-pronged changes as a dangerous ideological shift that could increase unintended pregnancies and abortions.
“When I ran for office, I pledged to stand for life,” President Donald Trump said in a recent speech to the Susan B. Anthony List, which backs political candidates who oppose abortion. “And as president, that's exactly what I've done. And I have kept my promise, and I think everybody here understands that fully.”
Most of the changes involve rules and regulations under the administration's direct control, such as a proposal to forbid federally funded family planning clinics from referring women for abortions and separately allowing more employers who cite moral or religious reasons to opt out of no-cost birth control for women workers.
Trump also is appointing numerous new federal judges endorsed by anti-abortion groups.
Justice Neil Gorsuch, the president's only appointment to the Supreme Court so far, has a sparse record on abortion, but has drawn praise from anti-abortion groups and criticism from abortion rights supporters. Unlike regulatory changes, judicial appointments cannot be reversed by a future president.
Democrats say Trump is changing policy in ways that could disrupt access to family planning for some women.
A recently proposed rule would make major changes to Title X, the family-planning program, including banning clinics from sharing physical space and financial resources with abortion providers. Providers like Planned Parenthood could be forced out.
“It's across the spectrum of women's health services,” said Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Col. “They're proposing abstinence-only sex education –which study after study has shown doesn't work– restrictions to family planning, and more and more restrictions to abortion.”
Title X serves about 4 million low-income people, mainly women. Disruptions could affect women's access to long-acting contraceptives, such as implants and IUDs. Those are more effective than daily pills that can be forgotten but also much more expensive up-front.
Eight professional groups representing doctors, nurses, midwives and physician assistants say the Title X proposal “dangerously intrudes” on the patient-provider relationship. That could lead to more unplanned pregnancies, medical complications and undiagnosed diseases.
“The strange thing about this is that people who want to decrease the number of abortions are taking away access to the very services that help prevent them,” said Dr. Hal Lawrence, CEO of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, one of the eight groups. Among the others are the American College of Nurse-Midwives and the American Academy of Pediatrics.
The administration says it supports family planning and isn't cutting funding — merely drawing a “bright line” between birth control and abortion. Officials say the doctor-patient relationship is protected because if a woman asks for an abortion referral, Title X doctors could offer a list of pregnancy services providers, including some who perform abortions.
Abortion is legal, but under longstanding law and regulations, taxpayer money cannot be used to pay for abortions. Planned Parenthood, a major provider of both kinds of services, can receive federal family-planning grants while separately providing abortions.
Trump's changes come at a time when U.S. rates of births overall, births to teens, and abortions are low.
“If we were seeing skyrocketing abortion rates and wildly high numbers on teen births, you could say we have a crisis, but this is just the opposite,” said Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services under President Barack Obama, and a supporter of abortion rights. “This is playing politics and putting people in a very precarious situation.”
In addition to the proposed changes to Title X, other regulatory actions include:
— Proposing a shift in the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program to emphasize an abstinence-only approach.
— Proposing new criteria for federal family-planning grants that would favour applicants who promote “natural family planning” and abstinence.
— Expanding a ban on U.S. funding to foreign organizations that promote or provide abortions.
Professor Michael New, who teaches economics at Ave Maria University in Florida, agrees there's a major policy shift. But New, who opposes abortion, dismisses claims of dire consequences as “false and frankly absurd.”
“President Trump is decidedly pro-life and it is his administration's prerogative to use federal funding rules to incrementally build a culture of life,” said New. “The administration is seeking to redirect tax dollars away from entities like Planned Parenthood that treat abortion as a method of family planning and toward entities that affirm life and provide more holistic health care services.”
Planned Parenthood, which survived attempts by congressional Republicans to deny it funding, says the administration's proposed changes to Title X could be another way of achieving the same goal. Planned Parenthood serves 41 per cent of program clients, and operates 13 per cent of the clinics.
Such facilities have become a specialized niche. Research from Texas after that state moved to oust Planned Parenthood showed that other local providers like community health centres were not able to easily fill the gap.
Dr. Stephanie Ho works for Planned Parenthood at a clinic in Arkansas that will have to stop offering medication abortions because of a state law that the Supreme Court this week allowed to take effect. The combination of state restrictions and administration actions worries her.
“They're pushing their views on everyone,” she said. “They're ignoring scientific evidence and expert medical opinion.”
Top Planned Parenthood officials say they will fight to remain in Title X, and will consider litigation if necessary to challenge new rules. HHS is expected to announce funding awards for the $260-million program this fall.
At a time when social mores on human reproduction continue changing across the world, some see the U.S. in a time warp.
“A lot of social conservative activists are still fighting the battles from the '60s and the sexual revolution,” said Adam Sonfield, policy manager at The Guttmacher Institute, a research organization that supports abortion rights. “That's their ultimate goal — that some people will just give up and stop having sex.”
But Kristi Hamrick, spokeswoman for Students for Life of America, said one result of the policy changes “may be that American women will find that life goes on without Planned Parenthood.”
——
Crary reported from New York.
George H.W. Bush Hospitalized Day After Wife's Funeral
Former president George H.W. Bush was being treated for a blood infection on Monday, one day after laying his wife Barbara to rest, his office said.
A statement stressed that Bush, 93, was responding to treatment. He was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital early Sunday, just a day after bidding a final farewell to his wife of 73 years during a funeral in the same Texas city. Barbara Bush had died on Tuesday.
The 41st president greeted and shook hands with numerous attendees of the event during the invitation-only funeral attended by four former presidents, including himself and his son George W. Bush.
More than a thousand people attended the ceremony.
“I always knew Barbara was the most beloved woman in the world, and in fact I used to tease her that I had a complex about that fact,” Bush said after his wife's passing.
Their marriage was the longest presidential union in American history.
He married the love of his life while on leave from military deployment in 1945, several months before World War II ended.
Bush, who suffers from Parkinson's disease and is wheelchair-bound as a result, has been repeatedly hospitalized for pneumonia. His is a less-common version of Parkinson's that only affects the lower body.
“President Bush was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital yesterday morning after contracting an infection that spread to his blood,” a statement read.
“He is responding to treatments and appears to be recovering. We will issue additional updates as events warrant.”
One-term war hero
George Herbert Walker Bush was born June 12, 1924 in Milton, Massachusetts to a wealthy New England political dynasty, the son of Prescott Bush, a successful banker and US Senator for Connecticut.
Bush had a pampered upbringing and attended the prestigious Phillips Academy in Andover, but delayed his acceptance to Yale in order to enlist in the Navy on his 18th birthday and head off to World War II.
He went on to fly 58 combat missions during the war. He was shot down over the Pacific by Japanese anti-aircraft fire and rescued by a submarine after huddling in a life raft for four hours while enemy aircraft circled.
The decorated war hero and former CIA chief suffered the ignominy of being a one-term president, but led a political dynasty that would win back the White House eight years later, albeit with a leader with a very different approach.
A foreign policy realist who navigated the turbulent fall of the Soviet Union in 1989, he assembled an unprecedented coalition to defeat Saddam Hussein two years later.
But he also presided over a period of economic malaise and infuriated his fellow Republicans during a budget battle with rival Democrats by famously breaking his vow: “Read my lips: no new taxes.”
After retiring from public life, Bush fulfilled a wartime pledge to one day jump out of a plane for fun and famously went skydiving on his 75th, 80th and 85th birthdays.
He joined Bill Clinton — the Democrat to whom he lost his re-election bid — to raise funds for victims of the 2004 Asian tsunami and the 2010 Haiti earthquake. In February 2011 Democratic president Barack Obama awarded Bush the highest US civilian honor, the Medal of Freedom.
Bush, who served as commander-in-chief from 1989 to 1993, is the oldest of the five living former US presidents.
He is father to ex-president George W. Bush (2001-2009) and former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who was a contender in the 2016 Republican presidential primaries.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post George H.W. Bush Hospitalized Day After Wife's Funeral appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) — "The Most Interesting Man in the World" is giving up beer for tequila.
Actor Jonathan Goldsmith appeared as the sophisticated, eccentric and worldly pitchman for Dos Equis beer for nearly a decade. He's now promoting Astral Tequila.
In a new ad, the 78-year-old Goldsmith nods at his Dos Equis days by raising a glass of tequila and saying, "I told you I don't always drink beer."
Dos Equis announced Goldsmith's departure from the long-running ad campaign last year. It has continued the campaign with a younger actor.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — The U.S. military is reiterating a promise to keep Persian Gulf waterways open to oil tankers as Iran renewed threats to close off the region.
Capt. Bill Urban, a spokesman for the U.S. military's Central Command, told The Associated Press on Wednesday that American sailors and its regional allies “stand ready to ensure the freedom of navigation and the free flow of commerce wherever international law allows.”
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Tuesday suggested Iran could halt regional exports if it is stopped from exporting oil after America pulled out of the nuclear deal with world powers.
Meanwhile, Iranian Gen. Qassem Soleimani reportedly sent a letter to Rouhani applauding his stance.
Soleimani, the head of the Revolutionary Guard's expeditionary Quds Force, said his forces were “ready for any policy.”
Transcript for SCOTUS rejects GOP challenge to Pennsylvania House map in boost to Democrats
We do have one more political note here tonight the Supreme Court refusing to weigh in and Pennsylvania's new congressional map. State Republicans had asked the High Court to block this redistricting map which aims to level the playing field after years of benefiting Republicans. This new map will be in place for the mid terms.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Caution: Smartphone Addiction Can Imbalance the Brain
Worried you or a loved one are too attached to your phone? There may be good reason for concern and now scientific proof, as well. Researchers have found an imbalance in brain chemistry of young people addicted to smartphones and the internet.
They presented their findings at the Nov. 30 annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA), concluding that the addicted teenagers in their study had significantly higher scores in depression, anxiety, impulsivity, and insomnia severity.
The Science Behind the Findings
The research was led by Hyung Suk Seo, M.D., a professor of neuroradiology at Korea University in Seoul, South Korea -- working with Eun-Kee Jeong, Ph.D., Sungwon Choi, Yunna Kwon, Hae-Jeong Park, and InSeong Kim.
Dr. Seo and colleagues used magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) -- a type of MRI -- to measure the brain's chemical composition in a group of 19 smartphones- and internet-addicted teenagers, including 9 males and 10 females, average age 15.5 years old. They compared the results against a gender- and age-matched control group and found a significant difference.
First, to determine the severity of addiction, the research team used standardized internet and smartphone addiction tests. Questions focused on the extent to which phone and internet use impacts daily routines, social life, productivity, sleeping patterns, and feelings. The higher the score, the more severe the addiction.
Dr. Seo reported that the addicted teenagers had significantly higher scores in depression, anxiety, insomnia severity and impulsivity.
The researchers then performed MRS exams on the addicted youth prior to and following a behavioral therapy program. Twelve of the 19 addicted youth received nine weeks of cognitive behavioral therapy designed to overcome their addiction.
For comparison, a single MRS exam was performed on the control patients. The goal of the MRS exams was to measure levels of "gamma aminobutyric acid, or GABA, a neurotransmitter in the brain that inhibits or slows down brain signals, and glutamate-glutamine (Glx), a neurotransmitter that causes neurons to become more electrically excited."
The researchers explained that, "previous studies have found GABA to be involved in vision and motor control and the regulation of various brain functions, including anxiety."
Compared to the healthy control-subjects, the smartphone- and internet-addicted youth (prior to therapy) exhibited significantly increased ratios of GABA-to-Glx in the anterior cingulate cortex.
Dr. Seo said the ratios of GABA-to-creatine and GABA-to-glutamate were significantly correlated to clinical scales of internet and smartphone addictions, depression and anxiety. Having too much GABA, the researchers explained, can result in a number of side effects, including drowsiness and anxiety.
What Can We Conclude?
This particular study was fairly small, with only 19 test subjects and 19 controls. And, while it shows a correlation between addiction and anxiety/depression, it does not necessarily show causation. It's possible that anxiety and depression cause teens to be more likely to over-use their electronic devices. Or, the use of the devices could be causing the problems.
The researchers concluded that more study is needed to understand the clinical implications of the findings. For now, Dr. Seo believes that, "increased GABA in the anterior cingulate gyrus" of the brains of internet- and smartphone-addicted youth may be related to the "functional loss of integration and regulation of processing in the cognitive and emotional neural network."
In addition, "The increased GABA levels and disrupted balance between GABA and glutamate in the anterior cingulate cortex may contribute to our understanding the pathophysiology of and treatment for addictions," Dr. Seo said.
That's a mouthful for most of us. But, the good news they reported is that GABA-to-Glx ratios in the addicted subjects significantly decreased or normalized after cognitive behavioral therapy.
That means, if you or your loved one is suffering from smartphone or internet addiction, therapy can help. And, if you see someone going down the path toward addiction, know that it's more than just a bad-habit, and intervention may be needed.
Image credit: iStock.
Getty Image
The first and biggest beneficiary of the Grammys decision to honor streaming music on their platform was of course, Chance The Rapper, who claimed three Grammys at this year's ceremony. But Chance wasn't the only winner in the landmark switch, Lil Uzi Vert, one of Soundcloud's foremost stars has also received plenty of rubs from the legitimization of the platform, this year earning two Grammy nominations himself, including one for the coveted Best New Artist award.
Uzi's Soundcloud dominance surely played a part in his recognition from the recording academy, and thanks to his new album Luv Is Rage 2, Uzi reigned supreme again this year on Soundcloud, as the streaming site announced today that the album was their most streamed album of 2017. The news came with the release of Soundcloud's annual top charts release, which this year was expanded to 17 categories, meant to “touch every corner of the SoundCloud ecosystem, from hip-hop, pop, dance and rock, to what's new, now and next in music culture.”
Uzi won't the site's foremost distinction, but others like Ed Sheeran, SZA, Kehlani, Logic, Post Malone and Travis Scott earned nods in other categories as well. “From Grammy wins and Grammy nominations, to topping the charts, 2017 has been a big year for artists on SoundCloud,” they said in the release. Uzi also took the win for Top Rap/Hip-hop Track with “XO Tour Llif3,” capping off another banner year on the platform for himself and giving a whole new definition to the phrase “Soundcloud rapper.”
I don't know what I've done to deserve you, hubby tells Stella Damasus – The Nation Newspaper
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AUBURN, Ala. — Matt Luke and Mississippi are banking on the fluctuating fortunes of college football for a fast rebound.
The 12th-ranked Auburn Tigers, on the other hand, are hoping their last two performances will carry over into Saturday's game against the Rebels.
It's no wonder the coaches and teams have a totally different perspective. Ole Miss (2-2, 0-1 Southeastern Conference) is stinging from a 66-3 loss to No. 1 Alabama and hoping the best medicine lies in the same border state.
“The best way to get over it is to start focusing on the next opponent,” said Luke, the Rebels' interim coach. “Probably more so than any other sport, college football is so week to week. You can totally change everything in one week just by going out and fighting and competing.”
The Tigers (4-1, 2-0) are fresh from a second-straight SEC blowout, 49-10 over Mississippi State . Now, they're three-touchdown favourites in this one with one of the SEC's best defences and an offence that has been increasingly producing big plays.
Tigers coach Gus Malzahn, like Luke, isn't pinning too much on the last games.
“You can't buy into what last week was, not in this league,” Malzahn said. “We're expecting their best and that's our approach.”
This game pits quarterback Shea Patterson and the SEC's top passing offence against an Auburn defence that is the only one in FBS to allow 14 or fewer points in every game.
Auburn tailback Kerryon Johnson said the Tigers can't afford to not take the Rebels seriously, regardless of last week's score.
“We realize Ole Miss has got some of the skill players and a very good quarterback in this league, so if we come in half-stepping, they'll put up 50 points,” Johnson said. “And it's hard to keep up with 50 points.
“Obviously our defence isn't going to let that happen, obviously our coaching staff isn't going to let that happen, but we have to make sure we come every week with, ‘Hey, this is a big game. This is a big game. This is a big game. This game is bigger than the last one.”‘
——
Some other things to know about this game:
WATCH THE QBS: Patterson ranks fourth nationally in passing yards per game even after a subpar outing against Alabama, and has the league's top two receivers in A.J. Brown and DaMarkus Lodge. Auburn's Jarrett Stidham has only 12 incompletions in the last three games. In the last two, Stidham has had seven passes go for at least 46 yards.
AUBURN BACKFIELD: Auburn's Johnson has run for eight touchdowns in the past two games, five against Missouri and three against Mississippi State. Those performances have helped the Tigers miss a healthy Kamryn Pettway (lower leg) much less. Pettway played some against the Bulldogs and lost a fumble. Malzahn said fellow tailback Kam Martin is also nursing an unspecified injury that kept him out of the last game.
MCGRIFF'S TIES: Ole Miss defensive co-ordinator Wesley McGriff was Auburn's co-defensive co-ordinator and secondary coach last season. Malzahn said that means McGriff is familiar with the Tigers' players, “but some of our guys have obviously improved since last year.” Having a new offensive co-ordinator in Chip Lindsey reduces the carry over, too.
“The fact that Chip is calling the plays and we are different in a lot of ways, it's not like you would think,” Malzahn said. “But he's definitely familiar.”
REBELS AGAINST TOP 15: Ole Miss beat both No. 8 Texas A&M and No. 11 Georgia last season. The Rebels have nine wins over teams ranked in the top 15 over the last four years.
EARLY KICK: With the game kicking off at 11 a.m. CT, the Rebels opted to fly to Alabama on Thursday. Ole Miss played an early game on Sept. 9 and beat Tennessee-Martin 45-23. “We've done it once before so I think that will help,” Luke said.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — Police in Cambodia have announced the arrest of a British man suspected of involvement in the killing of another Briton in the Thai resort town of Pattaya.
Deputy National Police Chief Gen. Chhay Sinarith confirmed the arrest of Toby James Nelhams, who was taken to Phnom Penh Municipal Court on Wednesday for questioning.
Nelhams was one of three men sought by Thai police in the Jan. 24 shooting death of Tony Kenway as he sat in his car. Kenway's widow described him as a web developer, but Thai media suggested he had connections with a gambling website, among other activities.
Thai police have said the other two suspects, a South African and a Briton, are believed to have fled to Cambodia.
If you think your teen may be ready for their first babysitting job, but you want them to have some guidelines — there's a class for that i…
McLEAN, Va. (AP) – A federal judge has granted a preliminary injunction barring the Trump administration from implementing its travel ban in Virginia, adding another judicial ruling to those already in place challenging the ban's constitutionality.A federal appeals court in California has already upheld a national temporary restraining order stopping the government from implementing the ban, which is directed at seven Muslim-majority countries. But the preliminary injunction issued late Monday by U.S. District Judge Leonie (LAY-uh-nee) Brinkema in Alexandria is a more permanent type of injunction than the temporary restraining order issued in the Washington state case.Brinkema's injunction, though, applies only to Virginia residents.In her 22-page ruling, Brinkema said the Trump administration offered no justification for the travel ban and wrote that the president's executive power “does not mean absolute power.”
#BBNaija: Tboss wants to have a one-on-one conversation with Tobi and Cee-C
Tboss wants to have a conversation with BBNaija housemates Tobi and Cee-C.
She mentioned during an interview with Deji Mercury at the live screening show that was held in Lekki, Lagos.
When TBoss was asked to comment on Cee-C and her controversies in the house, the former BBNaija Alumni opted refrained from making comments in public, rather she said she would like to meet with Cee-C and Tobi and have a one on one discussion with them
Watch excerpts of the interview below:
Meanwhile, Tboss in her usual way looked really stunning in these new photos she shared on social media;
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Tboss wants to have a one-on-one conversation with Tobi and Cee-C appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
University Of Maiduguri Graduates 17,895 Students, Gets 78 1st Class.
University Of Maiduguri Graduates 17,895 Students, Gets 78 1st Class. Ibrahim Njodi,the Vice Chancellor of University of Maiduguri disclosed that during its Convocation ceremony of the 2015/2016 and 2016/2017 graduands, it produced a total of 78 First Class graduands from her various programmes. Mr Njodi said 17,895 graduates would be conferred with various degrees and …
The post University Of Maiduguri Graduates 17,895 Students, Gets 78 1st Class. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Giro Sport Design, the industry leader in progressive head protection for snow sports and cycling, announces another year of partnership with Mammoth Mountain's Unbound Terrain Parks as their Official Helmet brand for the 2017-'18 season.
“Mammoth's Unbound Terrain Parks define the very notion of progression and showcase the capabilities of Giro's products,” Giro Brand Manager Brendan Murphey said. “The next-level terrain parks at Mammoth are the proving and training grounds of members of our team and riders as a whole. Mammoth is the epicenter of park riding and progression. Mammoth Unbound embodies a legacy of pushing progression and attitude of evolving our sport in the same way we do at Giro, and we're beyond excited to partner with them to help grow the next generation of park skiers and snowboarders.”
The continued relationship brings Giro together with organizations committed to lowering the instances of injury in their customers with inclusion in Mammoth Mountain's Safety Month. Resort visitors will see an increased Giro brand presence on the entire mountain, with staff and coaches in Giro helmets during special events and demo days, as well as in marketing collateral, resort and signage, and on social media.
“Mammoth has always been on the cutting edge of innovation in the ski and snowboard industry. As a leader in helmet technology, a partnership with Giro is a natural fit for Mammoth.” Mammoth Unbound Terrain Park Manager TJ Dawoud said. “Their superior product will allow us to remain dedicated to keeping our guests and employees safe in the parks.“
Founded in Santa Cruz, California in 1985, Giro Sport Design develops new ideas to enhance the ride. From the first lightweight, high-performance helmets for cycling and snow sports, to apparel that reimagines what sportswear can be, Giro maintains a strong focus on creating products that enhance the feeling of freedom and independence that are at the core of a rider's experience. As a leader in the design, fit and engineering of products that complement the body, Giro is the first choice of riders worldwide. Learn more at giro.com
Mammoth Mountain Ski Area is the leading four-season mountain resort in California. With 1.3 million annual skier visits, Mammoth Mountain is currently the third most frequented ski resort in the United States. With a longstanding commitment to athlete progression and innovative freestyle and nordic terrain, Mammoth is proud to be an official USSA training ground. The company owns and operates a variety of resort businesses including recreation, hospitality, real estate development, food and beverage and retail. Specific businesses owned and operated by Mammoth Mountain include Mammoth Mountain Ski Area, June Mountain, Tamarack Lodge and Resort, Mammoth Snowmobile Adventures, Mammoth Mountain Bike Park and the Mammoth Mountain Inn. Mammoth Mountain also operates Juniper Springs Resort, the Village Lodge and Sierra Star Golf Course in Mammoth Lakes, California. For more information on Mammoth Mountain, visit MammothMountain.com.
In Lagos, Sheriff gets nod for LG poll
Guardian (blog)
… • LASIEC recognises Adewale's group as LP denies alliance with Salvador AHEAD of the July 22 local governments election, the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has disclosed that it would recognize Senator Ali Modu Sheriff's …
and more »
Colangelo has acknowledged having one of the accounts, which was inactive and reportedly used strictly for following players, agents, staff and the media to keep abreast of the news. He denied running the other four, calling the accusations "disturbing to [him] on many levels."
The evidence, however, tells a different story. A Ringer source noted that the patterns of follows, likes and tweets on each account were "extraordinarily similar." The site observed that the accounts followed people and institutions related to Colangelo and his family, and that three of the accounts conveniently went private within hours of calling the 76ers, which said they would ask Colangelo about the Twitter behavior. Others have observed that three out of the five accounts share the same last two phone number digits used for password resets, and that one of them was linked to Colangelo's personal email address.
The 76ers have since announced that they're investigating the allegations. If all the findings hold up, however, Colangelo is in serious trouble. Sports Illustrated's legal analyst believed that Colangelo might have been violating the collective bargaining agreements by publicly disclosing health info that was unrelated to their NBA careers. The allegations would have to go through the NBA's grievance resolution process, but could later lead to lawsuits over defamation and invasions of privacy.
Whatever the outcome, the report highlights just how complicated social media efforts can get in the modern era -- it's hard to be completely certain that a major persona is relying solely on their publicly known accounts. And if the revelations are true, they highlight how much effort is needed to cover your tracks. Colangelo might not have realized how relatively easy it would be for someone to establish connections between the accounts once word of them got out.
Best Places To Picnic In Pittsburgh Just because we're in the city doesn't mean we don't have plenty of great picnic spots, including some of the city's best parks, whether you're looking to spend a romantic date with that special someone or do something fun with the kids.
Guide To Pittsburgh's 2017 St. Patrick's Day ParadePittsburgh's St. Patrick's Day parade may be one of the city's biggest parties -- and one of the biggest parades in general for the holiday, ranking as the second largest in the world with 100,000 spectators each year. This year's parade will be held on Saturday, March 11, at 10 a.m. There are plenty of other things to do, too, including Irish Fair in the Square before, during, and after the parade, so you can party all day.
In conversation the topic was what we had to protect us during the war in the town.
We know about the smoke screen men, the balloon barrage, all covering the shipyards, factories, and the railways, but the mystery was how and where were the static water tanks located.
I know for a fact that the main one I remember was at the bottom of Hadleigh Road joining Hylton Road (houses now). The other one mentioned was the one on the so-called Diamond Hall field. Apparently they were placed for the firefighters where the water supply was very low.
It would be of interest if someone had the knowledge of the size and locations or any other details about the static water tanks.
Alan Winter
SALT LAKE CITY — A trail at Utah's Zion National Park remains closed after a second rock fall occurred in the area in two days.
Park spokeswoman Aly Baltrus says the Hidden Canyon Trial will stay shuttered on the July 4 holiday and at least through the following day until a hazard geologist can examine the area and the trail can be cleared.
A rock fall first occurred Monday afternoon in a 45-foot section of the strenuous trail where hikers must hold onto chains.
A second rock fall occurred Tuesday.
No injuries occurred in either rock fall.
Finland to build Cybersecurity system in Nigeria
Vanguard
THE Republic of Finland says it is ready to build a cyber-security system in Nigeria and create new ICT services in the country. Minister of Transportation and Communications of Finland, Mrs. Anne Berner, made the intention known at a business …
Nigeria an Investment Haven – Minister AllAfrica.com
all 2 news articles »
Amid multiple investigations and controversies over the cost of travel by Trump administration officials, two senators are asking the Office of Management and Budget to provide more detail about the administration's policies on travel spending.
Several members of Trump's cabinet have been under scrutiny for the cost of their travel and other expensive purchases. The president asked former Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price to resign last September after reports that his travel on private planes cost more than $1 million of taxpayer money.
Sen. Gary Peters, D-Michigan, the ranking member of theFederal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management subcommittee, and Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, wrote to Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney on Monday asking him to explain how the Trump administration is enforcing rules on the cost of government travel and whether OMB has reviewed any other relevant guidance or rules.
"It is our duty to provide oversight and ensure that taxpayer money is spent responsibly, without waste, fraud, or abuse," the senators wrote in the letter, which was reviewed by ABC News. "As you have said yourself about past issues with Administration travel, “just because something is legal doesn't make it right.” We owe it to the American people to ensure with the utmost vigilance that tax dollars are being spent appropriately."
The senators are also asking Mulvaney for documents on all travel approved by the White House Chief of Staff related to travel on government-owned or charter planes. OMB said in a memo issued after Price resigned that some travel would need to be approved by the chief of staff and that the chief of staff would provide further guidance on the use of government and private planes.
There are multiple investigations pending from congressional committees and agency watchdogs seeking more information about whether officials' travel spending followed all the relevant rules. The inspectors general at the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of Interior have ongoing investigations into travel spending and the IG from the Department of Veterans Affairs already published a report into Secretary David Shulkin's spending on a trip to Europe.
Federal law says that government officials should use the least expensive travel option available and should use commercial flights, unless otherwise authorized.
Today, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, the Commonwealth graduates its 126th generation of Virginia State Troopers. The 30 new troopers will be presented their diplomas during commencement exercises at 10 a.m. at the State Police Training Academy located at 7700 Midlothian Turnpike in North Chesterfield County.
The new troopers have received more than 1,600 hours of classroom and field instruction in more than 100 different subjects, including defensive tactics, crime scene investigation, ethics and leadership, survival Spanish, police professionalism, firearms, judicial procedures, officer survival, cultural diversity and crisis management. The members of the 126th Basic Session began their 29 weeks of academic, physical and practical training at the Academy March 23, 2017.
Upon graduation, the new troopers will report to their individual duty assignments across Virginia beginning Oct. 10, 2017, for their final phase of training. Each trooper will spend an additional six weeks paired up with a Field Training Officer learning his or her new patrol area.
126th BASIC GRADUATING CLASS
New Trooper Hometown Assignment Garrett Wayne Albright Prince George Zachary Thomas Beaver Victoria Accomack Dennis Robert Bicking, Jr. Springfield Arlington Mark Allen Blankenship Evington Northampton Jay Matthew Boone Bluefield Northampton Lisa Anne Brooks Lynchburg Dinwiddie Billy Kendall Brown Clintwood Prince George Edward Aloysius Burns, III St. Augustine, Florida Arlington Harold Lee Campbell Nathaniel Cole Chester Staunton Jonesville Rockingham Greensville Justin Curtis Clack Lewiston, Idaho Arlington Nathaniel Andrew Dayes Vinton Arlington Joshua Wayne Fowler Lafayette, New Jersey Frederick Matthew John Fox Roxbury, New Jersey York Devin Ryan Goode Fluvanna Hanover/Henrico Christopher William Greene Stanley Warren Mikel Nasef Hana Richmond Henrico Dustin Lee Hayden-Gross Marion Dickenson David Brent Jackson Gloucester New Kent Jose Arturo Macedo Clifton, New Jersey Hanover/Henrico Charles Gerard McKenna, II Northport, New York Henrico Donald Thomas Murphy Virginia Beach Norfolk/Virginia Beach Charles William Patton, Jr. Dillwyn Nottoway Devon Taylor Saul Gates, North Carolina Portsmouth/Suffolk/Chesapeake Jordon Ryan Sluss Honaker Tazewell Alfred Daniel Smith, III Smithfield Sussex John Gregory Sullivan Stafford Caroline Edward Aaron Taylor Brooklyn, New York Chesterfield Isaac Najee Thomas Roselle, New Jersey Arlington Steven Andrew Thompson Roanoke Arlington
Virginia State Police welcomes its 127th Basic Session on Oct. 25, 2017. State Police is still accepting applications for its Accelerated Lateral Entry Program (ALEP) which begins in April 2018, as well as for those new to a law enforcement career. Information on both the ALEP and the standard Virginia State Police Trooper-Trainee Academy is available at www.virginiatrooper.org.
With just days to the grand finale of the most prestigious beauty pageant in Ghana, Exclusive Event Gh. Ltd, organizers of the Miss Ghana pageants are feverishly putting together all relevant structures to make the event a memorable one; and in line with that, the Masters of Ceremonies (MCs) for the event have been announced.
Leading a strong force of personalities that would commandeer the historic Miss Ghana 60YearsOn event as hosts is Nathaniel Attoh, a famed and accomplished professional Master of Ceremonies – who has overseen a plethora of high profile events over the years.
Some of the events hosted by the man who also works as Television and Radio Broadcaster for Multimedia Company Ltd, are the 60th Anniversary of GCB Bank (then Ghana Commercial Bank), 5 editions of the Sports Writers Association of Ghana (SWAG), 3 editions of the Ghana Journalists Association (GJA) Awards, the 2015 edition of the Vodafone Ghana Music Awards, (CIMG (Chartered Institute of Marketing Ghana) Awards 2013, Ghana Banking Awards 2015, Ghana Movie Awards 2011, 20th Anniversary Dinner of Golden Tulip Hotel, Ghana and many others.
Nat Attoh will be joined by Selasi Kwawu, Miss Ghana 2001, who has grown to become one of the brilliant MCs in the country, as well as Eklu Patrick Amendah, a Communication and Architectural expert from Togo.
Miss Ghana 2017 Grand Finale, Charity Ball & Honorary Awards is this Saturday, October 7, 2017, at the Banquet Hall, State House.
Miss Ghana 2017/MissGhana60YearsOn is powered by Exclusive Event Gh. Ltd in collaboration with Ministry of Tourism, Arts & Culture and Ghana60YearsOn Planning Committee.
Miss Ghana 60 Years On event is sponsored by National Lottery Authority, Intercity STC, NIB, NPA, IPMC and supported by GOIL,FC Beauty Klinik, Akosombo Textile Limited, Ritel Ghana, DDP, Primus Water, Pippa's Health Centre, Hungarian Trade & Cultural Center (HTTC), Hungary Embassy, Nasco Electronics, Special Ice Water, Kare products, Akayet Hotel, Global Dream Hotel & Service Apartments, Tang Palace, Aqua Safari Resort, JIL, Ibis Style Hotel, Karen Products, Amazing U, Hottees, Pokuaa Accessories, Accents & Curve, Queens Touch Décor, Forever Easy, Limpex Impressions, Starbow Airline, Holiday Inn Hotel, Caesars Casino, Asantewaa Premier Guesthouse, Best Western Atlantic Hotel Takoradi, Skyplus Hotel Ho, Samit Hotel, Tyco Hotel, Royal Cozy Hotel, Busua Beach Resort, Eusbet Hotel, Eastgate Hotel, Grand Casamora, Raybow Hotel, Lizzy's Sports Complex, Magnum Force Securities, High-end Production, Purple Room Lingerie, Palace Superstore, Yummie Noodles, La Chaumiere restaurant, Buka Restaurant, Koko King, La Galette, PadThai Restaurant, Regal Chinese Restaurant, Bush Canteen, Café Mundo, Gold Coast Restaurant, Jamrock restaurant, Flair catering and Pink Panda.
Submitted
ANKARA (Reuters) - The deputy chairman of Turkey's main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) said illegal acts were being carried out in favor of the government in Sunday's referendum on expanding the powers of the presidency.
"Many illegal acts are being carried out in favor of the government right now, but 'No' will win in the end," Erdal Aksunger told reporters at his party headquarters, referring to an election board decision to accept unstamped ballots.
A statement on the High Electoral Board's (YSK) website hours before polls closed said it would count ballots that had not been stamped by its officials as valid unless they could be proved fraudulent, citing a high number of complaints that YSK officials at polling stations had failed to stamp them.
With 80 percent of ballots opened, support for the constitutional changes that could hand President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers stood at 53.9 percent, according to the state-run Anadolu news agency.
(Reporting by Gulsen Solaker; Writing by Ece Toksabay)
Luis Rodriquez was coming home from work early Sunday morning when he saw smoke beginning to work its way through the upper left corner of 1530 Washington St. in Wilson Borough.
The 33-year-old ran inside his home across the street, woke up his wife, called 911 and headed back out, he said Monday morning in front of the burned out shell which once was a home under renovation.
A neighbor "was banging on this door," Rodriguez said, pointing east on Washington. "I was banging on theirs," he continued, pointing to Charlie Wacik's home at 1532 Washington that would be destroyed as the fire spread.
Amid the mayhem, Rodriguez said he saw something else unusual.
A man was running down the street. The man wasn't stopping to knock on doors, and Rodriquez "didn't keep track" of where the man went, because "that's when things went crazy" and the fire quickly roared through 1530 Washington.
A man with burns on his hands was reported a block away, but auhtorities have yet to confirm if that person existed, if he was treated at a hospital and if he was living in the home.
Blaze Odyssey, 43, who has lived across the street for 11 years, was still angry 24 hours after the fire.
He said he "confronted" 1530 Washingtons owner Tarek Osman about the property and personal losses in a fire that could have done even more damage.
Odyssey, whose SUV was damaged by the heat, said that Osman replied, "Oh, but I lost a lot of money."
"I bit my tongue," Odyssey said. "For a man to say something like that."
Blaze torches 'Santa's' home
A listed number of Osman on Monday morning in Forks Township was out of service.
"Somebody has to be held responsible for these people losing their homes," Odyssey said. He plans on attending the next borough council meeting to request a "more effective ordinance toward (property) investors."
Wacik, 74, on Monday was staying with his son, also named Charlie, 46, on the same block.
The elder Wacik, his wife Marlowe, and their Bichon Zoe weren't hurt in the fire but Wacik was still upset about a blaze he said he saw coming.
He had been calling the borough codes department about what he said was a dangerous situation.
"My dad called this in months ago," Wacik's son said. "They were running heaters and air compressors late at night. ... The place was condemned. It didn't have running water. He said something was going to happen."
"I knew it was going to happen," the elder Wacik added.
The borough did intercede but people continued to live in the home as work was being done, neighbors said.
Codes director Paul Corriere on Monday declined comment at the scene, saying "everything is being investigated."
As the fire burned, "too much fishy stuff was happening," Wacik said. There was "popping" and a whooshing noise that raised Wacik's suspicions.
He was waiting for his insurance agent and expected an adjuster later in the day, he said. Decisions about what to do next will have to wait for the numbers, his son said.
"It's a difficult day, I guess," the elder Wacik said.
The community, which the father served for nearly 46 years as a firefighter, has reached out. There are fundraisers underway and several people have offered places to stay, he said.
Another slice of his life was left behind in a closet on the back of the second floor.
"The other part was being Santa," he said. The suit his wife bought for $360 is still up there, but is likely ruined, he said.
Sunday was supposed to be the day when he played Santa on a firetruck, delivering presents to borough children. It would have been the fifth year for that special duty, he said.
"It broke my heart," he said, when the event was canceled due to the fire.
His Santa duties have expanded in recent years to a breakfast at the library in the borough, to the tree lighting and he had a date to be the Jolly Old Elf at senior citizens bingo, which is run by his wife, he said.
He had trouble with the spats to the suit, so his wife bought him boots, he said.
But his Santa days aren't over, both he and his son said. Just put on hold.
Wacik has seen many bad fires in his nearly five decades with the department -- he retires at the end of the month -- and he knows when you arrive at a blaze like Sunday morning's there are only two thoughts. It's either "Oh s*** or holy f***," he said with a knowing laugh.
The home next door "was engulfed when we came out," he said.
"... The owner had the nerve to stand there and say 'the money I lost.' What about me?"
Police Chief Steven Parkansky said everyone in the area of the fire is accounted for and nothing appeared "criminal or suspicious."
A state police fire marshal has joined the probe and it's ongoing, Parkansky said.
As for the man with the burned hands, police may have an update later in the day, the police chief said.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
An editorial from the Toronto Star, published May 29:
During Monday's pre-Stanley Cup news conference, NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman was asked if he still maintains his view that there's no connection between hits to the head in hockey and a degenerative brain disease.
It's not a surprise question. Bettman increasingly stands out as the equivalent of a climate change denier when it comes to the effects of concussions and long-term brain damage.
With a clipped “there's nothing new on the subject,” he left it to deputy commissioner Bill Daly to explain further. “This is not the commissioner's view, it's the sciences view,” Daly said. “There's not enough information to draw that link.”
The trouble with that, of course, is that science is far more complicated than the league would like players and fans to believe.
It may be true that science hasn't pinpointed exactly which hockey player — or anyone else with the misfortune to suffer repeated hits to the head for that matter — will be in danger of developing chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), and why. That's one of the many complex, concussion-related issues researchers are currently investigating through detailed scientific studies.
But long before CTE was discovered in professional athletes science already knew that concussions are bad and multiple concussions are worse.
The increasing focus on CTE — a single terrifying outcome that can only be diagnosed after death — has skewed the entire debate around concussions in sport and created a ready excuse for Bettman and like-minded sport executives to delay much-needed safety measures.
Bettman runs a lucrative business and likes his hockey product just the way it is. And, no doubt, lawyers have suggested that continued denials of any link may help defend against lawsuits by players who've suffered debilitating effects from head trauma, and their families.
But let's not pretend that's got anything to do with the state of science. It doesn't. It's nothing more than an excuse to maintain the status quo and, shamefully, put players at unnecessary risk.
The right course for the sport is clear. As hockey great Ken Dryden puts it: “No hits to the head, no excuses.”
This puppy isn't chicken to meet a new species at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018. Jessica Novillo was giving a tour of the $35 million facility that will open to the public on Saturday. Adoptions won't take place until Sunday. Chickens are also adoptable for $2. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A 3-year-old chihuahua enjoys its spacious new digs at the $35 million OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018. The pup is available for adoption. Anyone interested should check http://www.ocpetinfo.com/ (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sondra Berg, spokeswoman for OC Animal Care, says she likes that the new shelter can accommodate different types of animals in separate spaces. They now have an exotic animal room, a small animal room and a small corral for goats or horses. They also have a pen for chickens. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Kaya, a special needs dog with a happy attitude, frolics in one of the many pet play yards at the new OC Animal Care shelter in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Devyn Ruiz, 23, a Cal State Fullerton intern at the new OC Animal Care shelter, is amused by the antics of Mugsy, one of the many dogs that will be available for adoption on Sunday. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mugsy expends energy with a volunteer in an outside play area, one of many at the new OC Animal Care shelter in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Jessica Novillo with OC Animal Care in Tustin holds two bundles of love at the $35 million facility that will open to the public on Saturday. The 2-month-old beagle mixes will be available for adoption on Sunday. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Houdini, a 9-month-old part tabby, waits to be adopted at the new OC Animal Care shelter in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A new stray seems tentative as she awaits processing at the OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
This cat is not subtle about wanting attention while waiting for adoption at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
This cat is not subtle about wanting attention while waiting for adoption at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A cat brought in as a stray to OC Animal Care in Tustin is on a wait to be adopted.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A dog has two compartments to roam at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The new $35 million facility OC Animal Care facility in Tustin, opening to the public on Saturday, is the temporary home of these two pups. The 2-month-old beagle mixes will be available for adoption on Sunday. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Polly Pickles is tickled to go on a walk at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Devyn Ruiz, 23, a Cal State Fullerton intern at the new OC Animal Care shelter, plays with Mugsy, one of the many dogs that will be available for adoption. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Bunnies in time for Easter are available at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Kaya gets a special treat from an OC Animal Care worker in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sara, a parson russell terrier puppy, will be available for adoption at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Sunday. She was returned to the shelter because she didn't get along with a cat. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sara, a parson russell terrier puppy, will be available for adoption at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Sunday. She was returned to the shelter because she didn't get along with a cat. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A scruffy stray will be cleaned up with a haircut and a bath and be ready for adoption at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Polly Pickle gets a treat at the new OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Three-month-old miniature pinscher mixed puppies will be available for adoption at the new OC Animal Care shelter in Tustin on Sunday March 25, 2018.(Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The new $35 million facility OC Animal Care facility in Tustin, opening to the public on Saturday, is the temporary home of these two pups. The 2-month-old beagle mixes will be available for adoption on Sunday. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Jessica Novillo with OC Animal Care in Tustin carries a puppy back to its kennel at the $35 million facility that will open to the public on Saturday. The 2-month-old beagle mix, one of two, will be available for adoption on Sunday. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
This puppy isn't chicken to meet a new species of animal at the OC Animal Care center in Tustin on Monday, March 19, 2018. The new $35 million facility that will open to the public on Saturday. Adoptions won't take place until Sunday. Chickens are also adoptable for $2. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
TUSTIN — Orange County's sparkling new $35 million animal shelter – featuring eight dog play areas, separate spaces for birds and exotic animals, and a “catio” to offer felines fresh air – should go a long way toward answering past criticisms from animal rescue groups and grand jury reports.
OC Animal Care, the county agency that runs the shelter in Tustin, will hold a grand opening Saturday, March 24, so the public can see the facility. Adoptions will begin Sunday.
The new shelter replaces a dilapidated 1941 building in Orange that was expanded over the years by adding trailers and other cobbled-together additions. OC Animal Care officials said the animals now have cleaner, more comfortable surroundings, and human visitors will have better places to get to know a potential new pet.
“We have so much more space now,” Jessica Novillo, community outreach team supervisor, said. With “the larger, and the many more, play yards, we have given people more of an opportunity to take (dogs) out.”
Among the improvements at the new shelter are a building for animals in quarantine or with special needs, a chicken yard and a corral for the odd goat or pony that occasionally comes in, larger cat kennels with the litter tray partitioned off from the sleeping area, a break room for volunteers with lockers and a refrigerator, and a room for community education programs. It also has expanded medical treatment areas.
“I'm excited that they now have defined areas for the animals, they have better hygiene” for cats, Orange County SPCA Executive Director Kevin Marlin said, adding that with the new facility, “they've really brought things up to the newest standard.”
A 2015 Orange County Grand Jury report criticized the old shelter for its run-down condition and county officials for a lack of leadership and “lack of commitment to animal care.”
“The shelter is really great, something that we activists have been campaigning for (for) many years,” said Rose Tingle, founder of Citizens for Animal Shelter Orange County.
Tingle said she believes the shelter needs independent oversight from animal care professionals, rather than an existing committee of officials who represent the 14 cities that contract with the county for animal services.
OC Animal Care spokeswoman Sondra Berg said the shelter's new director will be in place by summer and rescue groups have been part of the shelter planning. A consultant is helping the county create a plan to further address criticisms now that the shelter is ready, she said.
“I think that the shelter does correct a lot of the concerns from the grand jury report,” Berg said.
Orange County Supervisor Todd Spitzer, whose district includes the shelter, urged critics to give the county a chance.
“We have this amazing opportunity to turn a significant corner,” he said. “Everybody should just give the county an opportunity to prove that we're going to do so.”
If you go
What: Grand opening and tours of the OC Animal Care Shelter
When: 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Saturday, March 24 (adoptions start Sunday, March 25)
Where: 1630 Victory Road, Tustin
Cost: Free to attend
Information: ocpetinfo.com
ASHEVILLE, N.C. (WSPA) — Police are looking for a person of interest after part of Asheville Regional Airport was evacuated after an explosive device was found Friday morning.
The suspicious package was discovered outside on the curb of Terminal Drive near the baggage claim at about 6:30 a.m.
Officials say the package was an explosive device that was rendered safe by the Hazardous Device Team and removed.
Terminal Drive was temporarily closed, and baggage claim and the lobby were evacuated due to the package.
Shortly before 9:00 a.m. Friday, a spokeswoman said the airport is under normal operations and the terminal and drive had both reopened.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Asheville Regional Airport Police Department, the Asheville Police Department's bomb squad, and the N.C. State Bureau of Investigation responded to the scene.
The FBI says they will collect evidence on the scene, including surveillance video from the airport, to identify the person(s) responsible for leaving the package.
Police have released a photo of someone they say is a person of interest in the incident. They say he was seen in multiple locations along Airport Road since Tuesday.
Anyone with information on his identity is asked to call 911. Police say do not approach him.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - Since the deadly shooting in Parkland, Florida last month, the San Diego County District Attorney's office has seen 19 cases of local school threats.
Nine juveniles so far have been charged criminally, according to District Attorney Summer Stephan.
"We can't assume that the threat is a joke," Stephan said.
Stephan said that even though there is not an intent to carry out a school shooting, the person behind a social media threat could face a felony charge if they determine there is an intent to cause fear.
Students could receive consequences ranging from custody time, community service, additional mental health services, restorative justice, or access to social media taken away ordered by a judge.
San Diego County school threat timeline:
"When they hear the judge mention taking their social media away, you can see their faces change over that," Stephan said. "It's important that parents and [the] community really talk to their kids."
Stephan said investigators look at a number of factors when determining which cases rise to the level of charges.
"We have to look at do they have access to weapons? Have they acquired weapons recently? Have they visited websites that indicate a fascination with school shootings and violence?" Stephan said.
Of the 19 cases, Stephan said eight cases "did not rise to the level" of criminal charges. However, she said they will work with the minor and the family to prevent a similar situation in the future. A couple of the other cases are still under investigation.
Ben Butler, the director of GoDaddy's digital crimes unit, said in a statement emailed through a spokesman that the company generally does not take action that would constitute censorship. “While we detest the sentiment of such sites, we support a free and open internet and, similar to the principles of free speech, that sometimes means allowing such tasteless, ignorant content,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“In instances where a site goes beyond the mere exercise of these freedoms, however, and crosses over to promoting, encouraging, or otherwise engaging in violence against any person, we will take action,” he said. “In our determination, especially given the tragic events in Charlottesville, Dailystormer.com crossed the line and encouraged and promoted violence.”
The company had been asked in a report in July in The Daily Beast why it did not take action against the website, even after Daily Stormer had published an article promising to “track down” the relatives of CNN staffers. At the time, Ben Butler, GoDaddy's director of network abuse, cited the First Amendment in defending his company's business with the organization.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“While we detest the sentiment of this site and the article in question, we support First Amendment rights and, similar to the principles of free speech, that sometimes means allowing such tasteless, ignorant content,” he told The Daily Beast.
Like other homes for white supremacists on the internet, The Daily Stormer features message boards and sarcastic commentary. It was created by Andrew Anglin in 2013, amid a national uproar over the killing in Florida of Trayvon Martin, an unarmed 17-year-old black teenager, by a neighborhood watch monitor, George Zimmerman.
Other companies have also distanced themselves from the organizers of the rally in Charlottesville. Airbnb last week canceled a number of accounts and bookings associated with to Unite the Right Free Speech Rally, which had been described as an event that “seeks to affirm the right of Southerners and white people to organize for their interests,” according to a description on Facebook.
On Monday, the chief executive officer of Merck, Kenneth C. Frazier, quit an advisory panel over President Trump's statement blaming “many sides” for the violence in Charlottesville. Mr. Trump criticized Mr. Frazier for the decision.
Also on Monday, Dischord, a chat app that allows anonymity, announced that it would delete several accounts associated with the events in Charlottesville. It also deleted an “alt-right” server.
And TIKI Brand, the company that manufactures the torches that were carried by some of the white nationalists on Friday night, slammed the use of their product at the rally. “We do not support their message or the use of our products in this way,” it said in a statement.
RALEIGH, N.C. — North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said he had a good conversation Saturday with a top Trump administration official over plans to expand drilling for gas and oil off the state's coast, but added that residents need to continue to be loud to make sure their opposition is noted.
Cooper said he spent an hour talking to U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, telling him that drilling could cause unrecoverable damage to the state's $3 billion tourism and fishing industries if there is ever an accident.
“We told him there is no 100 per cent safe method to drill for oil and gas off the coast, particularly in our area off of North Carolina that sees Nor'easters, that sees hurricanes,” Cooper said. “We don't call it the ‘Graveyard of the Atlantic' for nothing, it would be a catastrophic if there were to be an oil spill.”
The Democratic North Carolina governor wants the Republican presidential administration to give him a similar exemption that was offered to GOP Florida Gov. Rick Scott.
Last month, Zinke told Scott that Florida's waters would remain closed under President Donald Trump's five-year plan, which would open 90 per cent of the nation's offshore reserves to development by private companies. Interior officials later said Zinke's promise wasn't a formal plan and the proposal was still under review.
“As we were leaving the meeting I said, ‘well, we will take the exemption now if you want to give it to us.' And he did not quite go that far,” Cooper said.
Cooper has joined at least 10 other coastal governors from both parties asking Zinke to remove their states from plans to expand offshore drilling from the Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. Republican South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster had a similar meeting Friday with Zinke, his staff reported.
Zinke didn't meet with reports after either meeting.
It wasn't all pleasantries between North Carolina officials and Zinke. State attorney general Josh Stein reminded Zinke the state was ready to sue if the Trump administration approves offshore drilling.
Cooper said he wants more time for the public to speak. Currently, the Interior Department plans just one public meeting on the proposal in Raleigh. Cooper wants more meetings along the coast in Wilmington, Morehead City and Kill Devil Hills.
The public also can have a say through comments to the department. “I call on the citizens of North Carolina to be loud about this issue,” Cooper said in his news conference after the meeting with Zinke.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — A Pakistani rights group has appealed on Indonesia to free on humanitarian grounds a terminally ill Pakistani convict on death row.
The Justice Project Pakistan, which opposes capital punishment, said in a statement Thursday that 54-year-old Zulfiqar Ali could soon die after his health deteriorated while in a Jakarta prison hospital.
There was no immediate response from Indonesia.
Ali was arrested in November 2004 and later convicted on drug smuggling charges which carry the death sentence in Indonesia. The rights group claims his trial was unfair and that he was wrongfully convicted.
Sarah Belal, executive director at Justice Project Pakistan, said they cannot save Ali's life but are trying to help him "die a free man."
Pakistani President Mamnoon Hussain has asked Indonesia President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo to pardon Ali.
TAMPA, Fla. — A massive boom shook homes across Pasco, Hillsborough and Polk counties over the weekend. Residents called government hotlines, and theories swirled online. Could it be military operations? An explosion? A meteor? Supersonic jets?
Half a dozen government agencies all had the same answer Saturday: We don't know, but we didn't do it.
Tampa Bay is surrounded by military bases and has a long history of mysterious booms often attributed to military tests. But those military bases said they didn't cause the 1:45 p.m. boom.
The Tampa Bay Times said there was one possible explanation: Two F-15 fighters were given permission by NORAD to fly at supersonic speed — in excess of 760 mph — over the Gulf of Mexico, said Canadian Air Force Lt. Marco Chouinard, a NORAD spokesman.
——
Information from: Tampa Bay Times (St. Petersburg, Fla.), http://www.tampabay.com.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in the sun-drenched state, setting up a political fight over a measure funded by a California billionaire.
Clean Energy for a Healthy Arizona aims to ask voters whether they want the state Constitution to require half of Arizona's electricity come from renewable sources like wind and solar by 2030. The group plans to file more than 225,000 signatures Thursday gets the question on the November ballot.
Billionaire philanthropist Tom Steyer is financing the initiative through his NextGen Climate Action group, which supported similar efforts in Nevada and Michigan. But only the Arizona measure spawned a political battle, with the Republican-controlled Legislature passing a rule to help insulate utilities and the parent company of the state's largest electricity provider bankrolling opposition messaging.
Steyer, known for climate advocacy as well as his push to impeach President Donald Trump, says he's backing the proposal because of the benefits it will bring to Arizona.
"It actually will lead to lower costs and save a lot of money for consumers," Steyer said. "It leads to clean air and a lot better health outcomes for Arizonans, and it should create literally tens of thousands of jobs in the state of Arizona. So it's hard to understand why these people are fighting it."
Supporters of the initiative say Arizona hasn't taken advantage of its role as the sunniest state in the nation to develop more solar energy, saying it derives just 6 percent of its energy from solar.
Arizona Public Service Co. says the proposed constitutional amendment will cause customers' utility rates to skyrocket and harm reliability.
Its parent company, Pinnacle West Capital Corp., funneled $1.18 million to Arizonans for Affordable Energy to oppose the initiative in the first three months of the year. Multiple chambers of commerce, Tucson Electric Power and Chicanos Por La Causa also oppose it.
"Everyone supports renewable energy," said Matthew Benson, spokesman for the utility-funded opposition initiative. "The question is whether we are going to have an Arizona plan that is created and implemented by Arizona leaders and officials, or whether we're going to have a plan crammed down our throats by a political activist from California."
Campaign finance records show Steyer's group gave $750,000 in cash and more than $200,000 in goods and services to the renewable energy campaign.
Opponents have used the #StopSteyer hashtag in the run-up to Thursday's deadline for petition signatures. Legislative Republicans also cast him as an "out-of-state billionaire" when they passed a law that limits the cost of not complying with renewable energy mandates.
Steyer disagrees that he's dictating policy. The National Resources Defense Council, Mi Familia Vota, and various in-state health and climate groups have endorsed the initiative as a way to bring more renewable energy to Arizona.
"When concentrated corporate interests put themselves and their bottom line ahead of the people, I don't like that," Steyer said. "And that's what I suspect is happening here. And I think the people of Arizona should be asked what they think, and that's what we're trying to enable."
Arizona is one of three states where the billionaire's NextGen Climate Action group pushed ballot initiatives for higher renewable energy standards. Nevada's measure hasn't drawn the same uproar, and the effort in Michigan ended after two utilities decided to increase investments in renewable energy.
Benson says Arizona is different partly because of the numbers — the Michigan initiative had a 30 percent renewable mandate compared with 50 percent in Arizona. The Arizona Corporation Commission already requires electric utilities to generate 15 percent of their energy from renewable sources by 2025.
APS also warned that the initiative's higher renewable standard would force its nuclear power plant to close. Nuclear wouldn't count toward the 50 percent mandate, and APS says its Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station is the largest electricity producer in the U.S.
Jeff Burke, APS director of resources planning, says customers would see 6 to 14 percent increases on their bills if the company is forced to ratchet up renewable use ahead of schedule.
"We continue to add renewables to our system, but they have to make sense," Burke said. "It's not really about a target, it's about what makes sense for our customers' usage and what makes rates affordable and what keeps our system reliable."
Thirty-two states with renewable standards didn't have, on average, a correlated rate increase, according to Wesley Hersche, an associate director of research with Arizona State University's Global Security Initiative.
"These issues involve a complex interaction of factors, and we should be careful not to oversimplify things," Hersche wrote in April. "But renewable energy technologies such as solar, wind, and battery storage have become so cheap recently that this finding is not all that surprising."
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo Meets with South-East Leaders over Igbo Quit Notice
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday met with South East Governors and other leaders of thought from the region and urged them not to be tempted into a tit-for-tat scenario amid hate speeches across the country. At the meeting which held at the old Banquet Hall, Presidential Villa, Abuja, Osinbajo urged the leaders to always […]
The post Acting President Yemi Osinbajo Meets with South-East Leaders over Igbo Quit Notice appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo: Courtesy RCA
By Scott T. Sterling
From the moment it was officially announced, Justin Timberlake's Man of the Woods has generated a whirlwind of rumors, innuendo and controversy.
Related: Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘Man of the Woods' Video
The title alone had many trumpeting that the pop superstar was pulling a reverse Taylor Swift and “going country.” Others accused him of simply aping contemporary country music culture in an appeal at a wider audience.
Listening to Man of the Woods, the reality is far less sensational. As an artist who emerged from NSync into a fully formed pop star with the release of his 2002 solo debut, Justified, Timberlake has continually taken bold risks in ongoing efforts at staying at the vanguard of modern music and pop culture at large. His new album is no exception.
With the futuristic sheen of “Filthy,” an attempt at recreating the then-shocking effect “Sexyback” had upon its initial release in 2006, Man of the Woods finds Timberlake again delving into new territories hoping to shake things up in the world around him.
These are the 5 best songs on Man of the Woods.
“Wave”
With Timberlake re-teaming with the Neptunes (Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo) for a number of tracks, the trio recaptures the bright, feel-good vibes that made Justified such an instant hit on this cool and melodic track.
“Supplies”
This one probably shouldn't work. Somehow, Timberlake throwing caution to the wind and going hard with the Neptunes on a full-blown trap-style club banger comes together into a track that will actually bang in Vegas clubs. Watch the futurist video, which contains explicit language, here.
“Say Something”
The first of two Chris Stapleton collaborations on Man of the Woods is the clear standout. The two share a similar genre-blurring aesthetic, with Stapleton's genuine roots a strong foil for Timberlake's pop experimentalism.
“Breeze Off the Pond”
Another Timberlake/Neptunes gem. Justin assumes a smooth, Stevie Wonder-like singing style on the relaxed, soul-pop track brushed with lush background vocals. The top-down summer road trip jam of the album.
“Morning Light”
Timberlake teams with Alicia Keys on this cool, breezy tune. Key's laid-back and subtle performance gives the track a warm, sultry appeal, and meshes well with Timberlake's controlled delivery. Like with the Stapleton tracks, Timberlake lets the featured artist lead the track and infuse it with their own personality.
PMB Meets APC Govs, Seeks Support For Oshiomhole
President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday evening met with state governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress. The meeting was held behind closed doors inside the Presidential Villa, Abuja. According to a Presidency official who spoke with reporters on the condition of anonymity, the sole item on the agenda of the meeting was […]
The post PMB Meets APC Govs, Seeks Support For Oshiomhole appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration is recommending ways to loosen the rules governing the U.S. stock, bond and derivatives markets, proposing a rollback of a variety of tougher requirements adopted in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis.
The 220-page report, prepared by the Treasury Department, argues that numerous rules enforced by such agencies as the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission need to be changed to promote stronger economic growth.
The report, called for by an executive order President Trump issued in February, was the second the administration has done laying out its vision for easing regulations imposed by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, which the administration believes went too far and has hurt economic growth. The first report in June dealt with banking regulations.
Transcript for 9-year-old girl teaches Rob Marciano ski jump
The olympics now less than a week away and one of my favorite events to watch is ski jumping. Watching those athletes fly through the air and make it look so easy. Recently I got a chance to get airborne myself sort of thankfully I had the help of a future olympian. Welcome to steamboat spring, Colorado, with the most olympians in North America. This is where they all come to train. The reason we have so many different ski jumps it's a progression. I don't know how many we'll progress today. What's the first step, give it to me. I'll need reinforcements. We'll have fun but I'm going to bring in one of my big guns. This is Eva. Hi. I saw you go off those big jumps. You're not going to make me go off a big jump, are you? No. My life is in your hands. Are you ready. Yes, ankles cocked and knees straight so you can kind of feel a little bit of tension. Okay. I'm tense. Don't worry about that. That is good. I impressed a 9-year-old. Thank you. What are we saying to ourselves. I can do this. I can do this. All right. I can't but I'm going to try. I can do this, right coached to? You can do this. This is a jump we use for 6 or 7-year-olds. Aaagh! Oil not supposed to flap my arms like that. Whoo-hoo! Yeah! So much fun. How do you think I did? Good. You did really good. Do you think I'm ready for the olympics? No, no, no. She is so cute. She's been jumping since she was 4 years old. Look for Eva to be in the 2026 olympics. I have no doubt she's going to make it. I am not going to make it. Yes, I didn't get up that high but still frightening. Didn't catch a lot of air, bro. Look, dude, I have been skiing for a long time and I was only on the bunny hill. I was impressed. I thought it was really good. We couldn't do it. You had great form by the way. Thank you, Paula and I didn't crash. Todd Wilson who is the coach shortly after the shoot he got a call saying that four of his students made the olympic team. 15 olympians alone from steamboat, good luck That's amazing. Yeah. The same coach that told you you were jumping on a hill that was for 6 and 7-year-olds. He also told me it's as safe as playing tennis or soccer which I didn't get hurt so I guess it's that way, anyway, good luck to everybody competing. Fun assignment. Braver than all of us. Or more stupid. No, brave but kind of little the other thing too.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
VARMLAND, Sweden (WFLA/CNN) – Video of a rare white moose in Sweden is going viral.
The moose was seen taking a dip in a stream last week. The BBC said there are only about 100 white moose in the country.
According to the BBC, “The moose aren't albino, but grow white fur from a genetic mutation.”
Albino animals are pure white with pink or red eyes.
Last week, we introduced you to “Pinky,” a pink dolphin that some think may be albino.
Pinky has been spotted in Louisiana for several years. Read more about Pinky here.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
The London Free Press has earned two nominations for National Newspaper Awards – one of the biggest prizes in Canadian journalism.
The ambitious multimedia project 27 Minutes, the result of a months-long effort by Jane Sims and Morris Lamont, is a finalist in the prestigious Project of the Year category. Nominated with them is National Post designer Brice Hall for his presentation of the project online. Click here to read the immersive, seven-part series.
Randy Richmond's work examining the conditions at London's troubled provincial jail earned him another nomination, this one in the Local Reporting category. Last year he won a Michener Award – the highest journalism honour in Canada – for Indiscernible, his deep investigation into the death of inmate Jamie High.
Amid unprecedented challenges to local news over the past decade, The Free Press newsroom has garnered 12 National Newspaper Award nominations, ranging from breaking news coverage to investigations to feature photography.
The awards ceremony will be held May 4 in Toronto.
(AFP) - Krister Petersson, chief prosecutor at the international public prosecution office in Stockholm said, Monday, that Sweden has sent one of its most notorious killers to Germany to stand trial for allegedly murdering a Jewish woman in 1992. Dubbed as "Laserman" in Swedish media, 63-year-old John Ausonius is serving a life sentence for a six-month shooting spree with a laser sight in 1991-1992, in which an immigrant was killed and 10 were wounded.
Ausonius is the number one suspect in the investigation into the murder of 68-year-old Blanka Zmigrod in Frankfurt on February 23, 1992. He denies the charges. An employee at a restaurant in Frankfurt, Zmigrod, was shot in the head as she was on her way home, according the German-Jewish weekly Juedische Allgemeine. The weekly says Ausonious had reportedly argued with Zmigrod before the murder, accusing her of theft.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan. Today, the Monte D'Oro community holds multiple neighborhood events each year.
Tucked just off U.S. 31 and Wisteria Drive, the Monte D'Oro community is older than Hoover itself. The roughly 160-home subdivision was established in 1964, and some of the original residents still live in the neighborhood.
Monte D'Oro, which means “mountain of gold” in Italian, was developed by William “Bill” Humphries, with the help of designer Cordray “Corky” Parker. Humphries was also the developer for other neighborhoods in the over-the-mountain area, including Talheim in Vestavia Hills and Chandalar in Pelham.
Cordray was first and foremost an artist, and his training in Italy and Austria can be seen in the designs of many of the homes in the neighborhood, explained Eileen Lewis, a member of the Monte D'Oro Neighborhood Association who moved to her home in 1992.
In addition to his work designing the homes, she said, Cordray has several pieces of artwork displayed throughout Birmingham.
The organization that would turn into the current neighborhood association began in 1971 as a neighborhood garden club, which eventually turned into the Monte D'Oro Women's Club.
In 2001, the club broadened its scope and became the Monte D'Oro Neighborhood Club, and finally settled as the neighborhood association in 2003.
Today, the Monte D'Oro community is more organized and connected than ever, holding multiple neighborhood events each year, working closely with city hall to preserve the integrity of the neighborhood and even getting involved in the 2016 municipal election.
“The neighborhood association is what holds this neighborhood together, “ said Susanne Wright, who has been a Monte D'Oro resident since 1973.
“It identifies issues within the neighborhood, with the help of our neighbors, that we as a group can address,” she said.
Lewis said that the community may not be as large as some of the other neighborhoods in Hoover, but that especially with the association's recent upgrades in technology and connectivity, they can “rally the troops” to make sure their neighborhood is heard.
“We will get involved,” Lewis said.
Internally, the community has an active beautification effort as well as a “very organized” neighborhood watch.
As far as helping maintain the integrity of the neighborhood, residents said they are thankful the city has taken steps to protect and support older neighborhoods.
Time is an interesting thing. It's the one "commodity" that cannot be created or destroyed, and you can't acquire more than 24 hours each day. What we do with those 24 hours ultimately impacts everything from our long-term success to how we relate with the important people in our lives.
Key to utilizing our limited amount of time is successfully allocating our mental focus, or to use the technology vernacular, our "mental bandwidth." Just as you can only perform so many simultaneous computing tasks for a given amount of network bandwidth, so too can we as human only focus on, and be successful at, a certain amount of tasks. Here are some tips for managing your mental bandwidth.
1. Ignore the dogma and experiment
The world is ripe with prescriptive advice, yet as individuals what works for me may not work for you, and oftentimes the advice is conflicting. For instance, a penny saved might be a penny earned, yet we're also told not to be penny smart and pound foolish.
The same holds true with advice for mental bandwidth, where one "reputable" source might encourage multitasking, while another demand absolute singularity of focus. Rather than trying to adapt your working style to someone else's, experiment with different techniques and keep those that help, while casting aside those that don't, even if they work for a well-regarded guru, loved one, or friend. There's no harm in mixing, modifying, and abandoning in an effort to find techniques that work best for how your individual brain is "wired."
2. Actively manage your mental bandwidth
Perhaps the biggest mistake many people make is allowing their mental bandwidth to be managed for them. The beeping phone, meeting request, or act performed for ritual or obligation all rob our limited mental bandwidth, and many perform these actions unquestioningly. If you allocate your focus as you see fit, and actively choose what you want to focus on, you'll be in command of your mental bandwidth even when faced with unmovable obligations ranging from work to civic duties.
SEE: Time management tips for tech professionals (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
3. Do a bandwidth cost/benefit
Most of us are awash in meeting requests and accept without question. Everyone complains about excessive meetings, yet it's often a guilty pleasure to summon a group at your whim, or join a discussion under the assumption that your input is necessary and valuable. In the worst case, this might extend to accepting vague requests for "coffee" or "catch-up" sessions without thinking through whether the commitment is worth the cost in allocating your focus elsewhere. The world is awash in advice on how to make meetings more productive; simply asking yourself whether requesting or attending is worth the cost in mental bandwidth is a great start.
4. Plan for focus time
There are tasks that require great focus, whether performing precision or dangerous manual work, or designing a complex system or bit of code. Or, you may need to spend some time with a small group, free from distraction. Book a block in your calendar, shut off your phone, move to a different physical location, or do whatever is required to create the right circumstances to have the necessary focus to get the job done. Creating the right environment and circumstances can be a critical element in how you'll deploy your mental bandwidth to achieve the best result.
5. Know when to throw in the towel
Thankfully, most work cultures are evolving away from rewarding "time served" to outcomes produced, but for many of us it can be tempting to put in the extra hour at the office, or delay vacations for what's perceived as a critical set of meetings or deadlines. Trying to squeeze out the last ounce of mental bandwidth can be tempting in the moment, but it's ultimately an effort with rapidly diminishing returns. Calling it a night, taking that long-delayed vacation, or even the simple act of a quick walk around the office will recharge your mental energy and make you more effective in the long run.
6. Don't make assumptions about your team
A locked door and giant pair of headphones might be just the thing you need to focus and deploy your mental energies most effectively. It can be tempting to assume that what works for you will be effective for others, even to the point of designing your physical spaces and policies around what you assume will allow your team to best manage and deploy their mental bandwidth. Rather than assuming, ask your team how you can help them be most effective. Allow your teams to experiment and find what works for them, and use the end result as the benchmark for success, rather than trying to dictate that everyone adapt the exact same working style.
For more business and leadership advice, subscribe to our Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see:
LITTLE EGG HARBOR – Voters will be deciding on fire commissioners and fire department budgets in three districts this weekend.
Elections will take place on Saturday, February 18, from 2 p.m. to 9 p.m.
In Little Egg Harbor's Fire District 1, there are three people running for two, three-year terms as fire commissioners: John L. Mathis, Jr., Christopher Pietsch, and Mario Vitulli.
Voters will also have to decide on the budget, which would be $593,366. All but $100 of this would be raised by taxation.
In Fire District 2, there are three people running for two, three-year terms as fire commissioners: Jeffrey Chaplin, William Stenger, and Michael Tompkins.
Voters are being asked to approve a budget of $886,186, of which $719,686 would be raised by taxes.
In Fire District 3, John O'Brien is running for a three-year term as fire commissioner.
Voters there will decide on the $466,944 budget, of which $433,000 would be raised by taxes.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Already have an account? Sign In.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /registrationForm *}
NASHVILLE — A judge has dismissed the state of Tennessee's lawsuit against the federal government over the refugee resettlement program.
The Republican-led Tennessee General Assembly filed the lawsuit in March 2017, arguing the refugee program is forcing the state to spend money on additional services, including health care and education.
In his dismissal order Monday, U.S. District Judge S. Thomas Anderson said it's speculative for Tennessee to contend it might lose $7 billion annually in federal Medicaid money if it refuses to spend state money on refugee services through Medicaid.
The lawsuit didn't have the backing of state Attorney General Herbert Slatery or Republican Gov. Bill Haslam.
The Thomas More Law Center filed the lawsuit for free.
Senate Speaker Randy McNally says lawmakers are discussing appeal options with their attorneys.
Dennis Edwards, the Detroit singer who replaced David Ruffin as lead singer of The Temptations in 1968, has passed away at the age of 74. Edwards died at his home in Chicago today, February 2, according to reports from his family and CBS Chicago. Edwards began his career as lead singer of another Motown group, The Contours, before being called into replace Ruffin after the singer's fallout with the group. Edwards' voice defined the sound of The Temptations through their funkiest period, in which he sang lead on major hits like “I Can't Get Next To You,” “Papa Was a Rolling Stone,” “Cloud Nine,” and “Ball of Confusion (That's What the World Is Today).” He remained at the head of the group through 1977 when the group left Motown Records. Upon their return to the label in 1980, Edwards was reinstated in the group. He also released three solo albums, and his 1984 Motown debut Don't Look Any Further and its title track charted in the Top 5 of the R&B charts. Edwards continued to perform Temptations material as part of splinter group The Temptations Revue Featuring Dennis Edwards up until last year.
Breaking: Dennis Edwards, former lead singer of The Temptations has died in Chicago – per family. He crooned the world over with “Cloud Nine” – “I Can't Get Next to You” & “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone.” Tomorrow, Edwards would have been 75. @cbschicago pic.twitter.com/HWESouATfl — Brad Edwards (@tvbrad) February 2, 2018
Photos of Nigerian soldiers clearing gutters, roads in Lagos
Men of the Nigerian Army attached to the 174 Battalion took to the roads of Lagos to provide community service by helping clear the gutters and the roads as the rain has caused heavy flooding in most parts of the state. The soldiers were spotted at Odogunyan bus stop, Ikorodu, Lagos clearing the debris which […]
The post Photos of Nigerian soldiers clearing gutters, roads in Lagos appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Actress Cynthia Nixon, best-known for her role on the TV series "Sex and the City," has officially thrown her hat into the ring, announcing Monday that she is running for governor of New York.Nixon released a video in which she signaled a challenge to business as usual in Albany and a vision of a New York that works for the many, not just the few."I love New York. I've never lived anywhere else," says Nixon in the video, which shows her starting her day at home with her wife Christine and son Charlie and walking her son Max to school. "But something has to change. We want our government to work again, on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore."Nixon will challenge incumbent Governor Andrew Cuomo. A new poll released Monday shows him holding big leads over two potential Republican challengers and Nixon.The Siena College poll found that registered voters in New York state prefer Cuomo over Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro by 57 percent to 29 percent. They also favor Cuomo over state Sen. John DeFrancisco, of Syracuse, 57 percent to 28 percent, according to the poll. Democrats overwhelmingly favor Cuomo over Nixon, a potential primary challenger, by 66 percent to 19 percent.Nixon, a 51-year-old gay liberal activist, is a supporter of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a fellow Democrat who often clashes with Cuomo on a variety of issues.According to Siena pollster Steven Greenberg, Nixon "is far from a household name in New York, though she is better known than either Molinaro or DeFrancisco."Nixon grew up in New York City, where she was raised by her single mother in a one bedroom, fifth-floor walk-up apartment. She began working as an actor when she was 12 years old to earn money to pay for her college education, and she was able to put herself through Barnard College at Columbia University.She attended New York City public schools, and her three children are all New York City public school students or graduates. She would be the first woman elected to New York's highest office, and its first LGBTQ governor as well.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Republic Records has put its president on leave after a former employee accused him of sexual harassment in an open letter posted on her website.
The company released a statement Wednesday saying Charlie Walk is on leave pending an investigation into recent allegations.
Tristan Coopersmith says Walk regularly made lewd comments to her during the year she worked for him. She also says he put his hand on her thigh and once pushed her onto a bed.
Republic Records says it has hired an independent law firm to investigate the matter and encouraged any affected employees to meet with them.
Walk's status as a cast member on Fox's "The Four" remains unclear. The show debuted earlier this month.
A representative for Walk did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
NEW YORK — Washington forward T.J. Oshie has been fined $5,000 for cross-checking Pittsburgh defenceman Kris Letang in the neck.
The NHL announced the fine Saturday.
The scuffle along the boards occurred at 19:40 of the second period in the Penguins' 7-4 win Friday night. Oshie was assessed a minor penalty.
Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing "five people briefed on the requests."
The three officials the Post says Mueller is interviewing are Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers and Richard Ledgett, the recently retired deputy NSA director.
It is the most significant sign that Mueller's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller, who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's private attorney, Marc Kasowitz, immediately condemned the Post report.
"The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal," Corallo told CNN.
The NSA said in a statement that the "NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further."
A spokesman for the DNI declined to comment to CNN.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, hinted broadly that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump during a House committee hearing on Tuesday. When asked about a letter he wrote recommending firing Comey, Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing -- and he was therefore "not at liberty to talk about that now."
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates.
Mueller met with Sens. Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday.
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that he gave Mueller the memos he wrote detailing his interactions with Trump ahead of his firing. In one memo, Comey said Trump tried to direct him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Comey said he believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice.
"I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct," Comey said. "I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense."
PHILADELPHIA — Pennsylvania's highest court on Tuesday ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions, following a five-month campaign by his supporters to get him out.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail, though it wasn't immediately clear how soon he would get out.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for probation violations.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed, levelling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited him in jail outside Philadelphia, including actor Kevin Hart just hours before the Supreme Court ruling.
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been “a nightmare,” and thanked his many supporters and visitors, who included Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
“Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of colour across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Mill said.
He said he would now focus his attention on getting his convictions overturned, and that he looks forward to resuming his music career.
Earlier this month, in a major victory for Mill, prosecutors said they agreed with his lawyers that he should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer. The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions.
A spokesman for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's decision on Meek Mill's release was consistent with the position taken by their office.
Mill's attorney, Joe Tacopina, thanked the high court.
“Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail,” Tacopina said.
In an opinion earlier this month, Judge Genece Brinkley who sent Mill to prison for probation violations strongly defended herself against accusations by the defence she was waging a vendetta against Mill. She said the court “has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008.”
New Music: Poe – Man Already
On the heels of Mavin Records announcing the rapper as one of their newest acts, Poe debuts his highly anticipated first single, a heavy rap track titled “Man Already”, produced by Altims. Listen and Download below: Download
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
He added: “At the time, it was being portrayed as a legitimate medical procedure. But to the layman, like ourselves, we were — ‘You've got to be kidding me.'”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The next day, U.S.A. Gymnastics quietly, even surreptitiously, relieved Dr. Nassar of any further assignments. It later issued a statement saying: “U.S.A. Gymnastics understood from its meeting with the F.B.I. that it should not take any action nor communicate anything that might interfere with the F.B.I.'s investigation.”
All the while, Dr. Nassar continued his uncommon treatment techniques on young patients.
Treatment and Dread
Emma Ann Miller remembers the summer of 2015 as her “best summer ever.”
She competed in a dance competition in Las Vegas, where she performed to a song from “Legally Blonde,” and won a trophy that was two and a half feet tall — about half her height. She spent time at a sleep-away Bible camp, where she went kayaking, horseback riding and zip-lining, and had water balloon fights.
“We T.P.'ed the boys' cabin down the hill and had a Silly String fight with two of the other girls' cabins,” Emma Ann said with a laugh. “Someone threw a frog into one of the girls' cabins. It was so much fun.”
But then there were those monthly visits to the office of Dr. Nassar — doctor to “all of these super-high-up Olympians” — who had treated her mother for years for injuries related to a car accident. Given that Emma Ann had known him her entire life, he was almost like family, an intimacy reflected in the half-dozen photographs of her that he displayed in his treatment room.
Dr. Nassar first molested her when she was 10, she recalled. She remembered the pants she was wearing — black leggings with white flowers, from Aéropostale. She was having back and neck issues, and he had her remove the leggings and put on loose shorts. In a medical supply room that doubled as a treatment room, he began exploring “down there.”
“He was like, ‘Is this O.K.?' and I was like, ‘I don't know,'” she said. “And he was like, ‘Just hang in there.' I didn't know how it felt. I just knew that it hurt.”
In the summer of 2015, the treatments hurt even more. She had tried wearing three pairs of underpants or especially tight shorts — anything to keep Dr. Nassar's fingers from probing her. Now that she was older, she began lying that she was having her period.
Photo
At some point, Emma Ann told her mother that she preferred not to be alone with Dr. Nassar. That did not end it. She said he continued to abuse her while positioning himself so that her mother couldn't see what he was doing. He would grope the girl beneath a white towel meant to convey propriety, all the while chatting with her mother, a kindergarten teacher.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
How's your class going?
“I knew that he had helped my mom, so I had to persuade myself into thinking that he also helped me,” Emma Ann said. “But I wasn't really sure.”
Emma Ann now knows that she was not alone. The growing number of other girls who say they were being molested between the summers of 2015 and 2016 includes Alexis Alvarado, 19, who began seeing Dr. Nassar in 2010 for a stress fracture in her back. He began that treatment by massaging her legs, but then his hands crept up until, she said, his fingers were inside her. She was 12.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“I didn't realize what he was doing was wrong,” Ms. Alvarado said. But she explained that he “thought everything could be fixed through the butt.” That is why her gymnastics teammates in Lansing, Mich., called him the “butt doctor.”
The monthly appointments continued through the summer of 2015 and into the next year. So did her shame, and dread.
The same was true for Hannah Morrow, of Naperville, Ill., who will turn 18 on Tuesday. Several times a year, starting when she was 11 or 12, she took the four-hour car ride to see Dr. Nassar, looping around the bottom coast of Lake Michigan. At some point, she started listening to playlists she compiled to help keep her mind off what was about to be done to her.
She'd try to get hooked on a new song to sing in her head, over and over. Her favorite, “I Write Sins Not Tragedies” by Panic! At the Disco, included the line: “It's much better to face these kinds of things with a sense of poise and rationality.”
As with Emma Ann Miller, Hannah also began wearing tighter pants and underwear that covered more of her buttocks, in the unrealized hope that it would dissuade him. She struggled to reconcile his outsize reputation with what he was doing.
“If all of those Olympians loved him, there's nothing wrong,” Hannah remembered thinking. “Even though I feel weird with what he's doing, I guess I shouldn't. I'd make excuses: He doesn't realize he's too close to my butt, or that he brushed over my boobs.”
Photo
Finally, F.B.I. Contact
In late July or early August, F.B.I. agents asked Ms. Maroney to travel to Indianapolis from her home in California to discuss the allegation, according to her lawyer, John Manly, but she declined. It is unclear why an agent did not travel to see her in person. As a result, the first substantive interview of an alleged victim in a child-molestation case was conducted by telephone.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Meanwhile, Ms. Nichols and Ms. Raisman continued their gymnastics pursuits — both competed at the P & G Championships in Indianapolis — but they still had received no word from any law enforcement official about the allegations now lodged with the F.B.I.
Some of the delay appears to have been related to questions concerning federal-versus-state jurisdiction, as well as jurisdiction within the F.B.I. itself. Although the Indianapolis bureau had received the information, the alleged sexual abuse by Dr. Nassar had taken place in Texas, at the Karolyi ranch, and in Michigan, where he lived and worked. And Ms. Maroney lived in California.
According to Mr. Abbott, his agents in Indianapolis did not have the case for long. “When we consulted with the U.S. attorney, we knew right away that we would not have venue,” he said. “It was never really our case.”
Mr. Abbott said that his agents conducted some interviews, but he declined to say with whom. He also said written reports were sent within weeks to F.B.I. offices in Michigan and Los Angeles.
The retired agent emphasized how the sensitivities and difficulties of child-exploitation cases can contribute to the length of investigations. “You are dealing with victims who sometimes don't want to be interviewed,” he said. “It is extremely delicate. And you also have the parents of minors who are sometimes not comfortable with interviews.”
Asked why federal law enforcement officials did not notify people — other gymnasts, parents, coaches — that a potential child molester was in their midst, Mr. Abbott said, “That's where things can get tricky.”
“There is a duty to warn those who might be harmed in the future,” he said. “But everyone is still trying to ascertain whether a crime has been committed. And everybody has rights here” — a reference to both the alleged victims and the person being accused.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Nassar case might have been further complicated, he said, by the fact that “there was a vigorous debate going on about whether this was a legitimate medical procedure.”
Photo
U.S.A. Gymnastics officials said that around this time they were told that pertinent interviews had been completed and that the case had been transferred to another jurisdiction. Indeed, on Sept. 12, Ms. Maroney was directed by U.S.A. Gymnastics to contact the F.B.I. East Lansing office.
According to Mr. Manly, the retired gymnast's mother, Erin Maroney, “called repeatedly,” but received no follow-up response.
Two weeks later, on Sept. 27, Dr. Nassar announced on Facebook that he was retiring from the women's national team staff, notwithstanding a note he had posted in late June saying he would remain with the team through the summer of 2016.
He did not elaborate.
In April 2016, Ms. Raisman shared a gold medal with the national team at the Pacific Rim Championships in Seattle, while Ms. Nichols damaged a knee during training, underwent surgery, and was out for several weeks — a reminder of the physical toll of the sport. Meanwhile, neither she nor her parents heard anything about the federal investigation that U.S.A. Gymnastics had instructed them to remain silent about.
The Raisman family was similarly frustrated. According to a person close to the family, Ms. Raisman and her mother, Lynn, repeatedly reached out to Mr. Penny to find out about the status of the federal investigation, only to be told that an F.B.I. agent would be getting in touch with them.
Finally, the absence of information about the federal investigation — and the increasing concern of the victims and their families — prompted Mr. Penny and Mr. Parilla, the U.S.A. Gymnastics officials, to visit the F.B.I.'s Los Angeles bureau in early May. Mr. Parilla lives in Southern California, as does Ms. Maroney, and Mr. Penny stopped in Los Angeles while returning from an overseas trip.
“As time passed, concern about a perceived lack of development prompted Board Chair Paul Parilla and C.E.O. Steve Penny to report the matter a second time to a different F.B.I. office,” U.S.A. Gymnastics said in a statement to The Times on Friday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Through a lawyer and a spokeswoman, Mr. Parilla and Mr. Penny declined to be interviewed for this article.
The visit appears to have jump-started the federal investigation into Dr. Nassar. Agents asked for more information, including a list of the members of the national women's gymnastics team. And on May 17, the F.B.I. finally interviewed Ms. Maroney in person.
Photo
It had been 294 days since the F.B.I. was first notified of accusations against Dr. Nassar.
A few weeks later, on June 13, Gina Nichols received an email from Michael Hess, an F.B.I. agent then based in Los Angeles. “I am looking into a complaint that was filed involving alleged misconduct by an individual associated with U.S.A. Gymnastics,” he wrote. “When you have a moment, please give me a call at the below numbers.”
It was a stressful time: Her daughter was preparing for the Olympic trials. But several days later, the gymnast went to a suburban Minneapolis building, not far from her home, to meet Mr. Hess, who had flown in from Los Angeles.
In addition, a person close to the Raisman family said that the F.B.I. also contacted Ms. Raisman in the summer of 2016. While Mr. Manly — who represents Ms. Raisman, Ms. Nichols and Ms. Maroney — applauded the diligence of Mr. Hess, he expressed amazement that so little had been done for so long.
“Given who these women were, all competing for their country, and given that these assaults had occurred in different states and countries, there was an obvious need to have a multilayered, multijurisdictional investigation,” Mr. Manly said.
Gina Nichols, who had been instructed by U.S.A. Gymnastics not to talk about the matter, recalled that while venting in a subsequent telephone conversation with Mr. Hess, the agent told her:
You can talk to anybody you want.
Lasting Scars
That August, in Rio de Janeiro, Ms. Raisman had an Olympics for the ages, demonstrating poise and leadership as she won six medals, including gold. But Ms. Nichols, returning from her knee injury, was ultimately not invited to join the Olympic team — even as an alternate.
Meanwhile, Emma Ann Miller continued to keep her treatment appointments with Dr. Nassar. But the abuse had worsened, and she no longer felt like the bubbly teenager she had been only a year before. She stopped taking selfies because she felt ugly and fat. She'd cry if she received an A-minus on a paper or test, thinking it was evidence of her stupidity.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I didn't even want to order a drink at Starbucks because I was so scared I'd mess it up,” Emma Ann said.
Her mother, Leslie Miller, struggles now with her rage. “Look at what he did to my happy girl,” Ms. Miller said, in tears. “Look at all the people who could've stopped him earlier. My goal is to find every single one of them in the haystack — expose them all, so this will never happen again.”
The Story Becomes Public
It was only a matter of time.
On Sept. 12, 2016, The Indianapolis Star published an in-depth investigation detailing allegations that Dr. Nassar had repeatedly molested two gymnasts when they were young. One woman had filed a criminal complaint with the police in Michigan. The other, initially described only as an Olympic medalist, had filed a lawsuit against the doctor and U.S.A. Gymnastics in California. Neither was involved in the F.B.I. inquiry.
Suddenly, the Nassar case took on urgency. As other girls and women began calling the Michigan State University Police to file complaints, their numbers eventually growing into the dozens, their abuser did what he could to mask his behavior, including throwing hard drives containing more than 37,000 images and videos of child pornography into the trash for pickup in the morning.
But trash pickup in his neighborhood was late that day, allowing a police officer to find the horrifying material while executing a search warrant on behalf of the university police.
By the close of 2016, Dr. Nassar was in custody. By the close of 2017, he had been convicted of myriad state charges, as well as federal child pornography charges, based in large part on that state search warrant. Given that he has been sentenced to nearly two centuries in prison, Dr. Nassar will likely die there.
In recent weeks, a communal catharsis has played out, as dozens and dozens of empowered victims or their proxies have confronted the doctor at sentencing hearings. The angry but resolute words of Aly Raisman and McKayla Maroney and Maggie Nichols have echoed in the courtrooms of Michigan.
So, too, have the words of the lesser-known accusers, those girls and young women who report they were abused in the year after allegations were first presented to the F.B.I. in Indianapolis: the likes of Alexis Alvarado and Hannah Morrow — and Emma Ann Miller, who in November turned 15.
MILAN — Inter Milan's winless streak in Serie A will stretch beyond two months after drawing with visiting Crotone 1-1 on Saturday.
Following Eder's early opener for Inter, Andrea Barberis equalized for Crotone on the hour mark.
Inter hasn't won in the league since Dec. 3, when it moved to the top of the table.
With six draws and two losses since then, Inter has dropped to fourth, one point behind Lazio, which hosts Genoa on Monday.
It was the first time this season Inters played without captain Mauro Icardi, who picked up a slight injury in midweek training, and his absence in attack was noticed.
Fans attempted to stir Inter into form with a big banner that read, “Wake up, let's get back to winning,” and the Nerazzurri did control for long periods.
Eder rose to score from a header that bounced off the head of his marker in the 23rd.
But then Barberis received the ball amid a crowd inside the area after it bounced off the leg of Inter playmaker Borja Valero, and he scored from near the penalty spot.
Crotone, coached by former Inter goalkeeper Walter Zenga, remained one spot above the relegation zone.
——
EUROPA LEAGUE CONTENDERS
Sixth-placed Sampdoria and ninth-placed Torino traded first-half goals in a 1-1 draw that kept the clubs in the hunt for a Europa League spot.
Lucas Torreira put Sampdoria ahead with a free kick 11 minutes in then Afriyie Acquah equalized with a shot from beyond the area midway through the half that was deflected in by Samp defender Gian Marco Ferrari.
Torino ended with 10 men after Acquah received a second yellow card for a questionable foul, sparking vehement protests from Torino coach Walter Mazzarri, who was then also sent off.
The fifth-, sixth- and seventh-placed squads qualify for the Europa League.
——
More AP Serie A coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/SerieA
Van joins forces with global snow team rider Dan Liedahl, better known as “Danimals,” to deliver a customized Implant snowboard boot for the 2017/18 winter season. Showcasing Danimals' original artwork, the Vans Implant is equipped with classic snowboard boot construction, finished with a fully-loaded feature package that caters to the needs and wants of every style of rider.
The Danimals Implant snowboard boot combines traditional lace-up technology with the Vans Hybrid Boa closure system and Custom Slide-Guide to provide adjustability around the instep area of your foot, eliminating heel lift and creating a more supportive and tunable boot. Constructed with heat-moldable Response Liners, dual-density UltraCush V2 footbeds, and the Reach Around cuff strap that allows the choice of wrapping the strap around the internal liner or exterior tongue, the Implant gives the opportunity to completely personalize the flex and fit of your boot. Whether you've been a lifetime lace-up snowboarder or a faithful Boa® rider, the Vans Implant with Hybrid Boa closure system lends to the demands of all snowboarders.
“Preventing heel lift thanks to the Boa is really what makes this boot one of a kind for me,” affirms Danimals. “Of all the boots that Vans has to offer, the Implant is what I choose to ride every day, for every condition.”
Hailing from Hyland Hills Minnesota, Danimals has made quite the name for himself in the snowboard street scene over the years. With an anticipated part in Vans' first snowboard film, LANDLINE., this humble Minnesotan's powerful, smooth and precise riding style will destroy anything that comes before his board.
The Danimals Implant boot is available online and in-stores now. To learn more about Vans snow boot technology and find an authorized dealer near you, visit Vans.com/snow.
Vans, a VF Corporation (NYSE: VFC) brand, is the original action sports footwear, apparel and accessories brand. Vans authentic collections are sold globally in 84 countries through a network of subsidiaries, distributors and international offices. Vans also owns and operates more than 600 retail locations around the world. The Vans brand promotes the action sports lifestyle, youth culture and creative self-expression through the support of athletes, musicians and artists and through progressive events and platforms such as the Vans Park Series, Vans Triple Crown of Surfing, the Vans U.S. Open of Surfing, Vans Pool Party, Vans Custom Culture, Vans Warped Tour, and Vans' cultural hub and international music venue, House of Vans.
9th District Congressman Morgan Griffith appeared lived this morning on WFIR, discussing a wide range of topics that included proposed tax reform, sexual harassment and Congress, and his dissatisfaction with governmental review of the proposed Mountain Valley Pipeline. Here is the full conversation:
12-11 Griffith Live-WEB
HOT ROD Power Tour 2017 Is Presented By Chevrolet Performance And Driven By Continental Tire
Champaign, Illinois was the third stop on the 2017 HOT ROD Power Tour, and the turnout was amazing. Thousands of cars rolled through the gates of the State Farm Center for another relaxing day in car paradise. Take a look at the gamut of rides from the venue and stay tuned for more exciting coverage from tomorrow's stop in Madison Illinois at Gateway Motorsports Park where the first day of drag racing will take place!
Frequently asked Questions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/hot-rod-power-tour-2017-faq/
Driving Directions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/2017-hot-rod-power-tour-route-download/
Main Event Page: http://www.hotrod.com/events/power-tour/
For More Coverage, follow us on Facebook and Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/hotrodmagazine/?hl=en https://www.facebook.com/hotrodmag/
The U.N. Security Council is urging key players in Guinea-Bissau to implement a road map to resolve the political crisis in the country that political leaders agreed to on Sept. 10.
Council members stressed "the urgent need to ensure an inclusive dialogue among key national actors to ensure effective functioning of the government."
The council statement followed a briefing Tuesday by U.N. envoy Modibo Ibrahim Toure, who said that "despite the political crisis, Guinea-Bissau's economic performance has been remarkable."
He said the economy is estimated to have expanded by 5 percent in 2016, reflecting a bumper cashew harvest, the country's main export.
Guinea-Bissau has had so many coups and countercoups that no elected leader has been able to complete his term since the country won independence from Portugal in 1974.
By Matt Lombardo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- The Eagles are underdogs against the New England Patriots, but with the exception of four-time Super Bowl MVP quarterback Tom Brady, have the better team heading into Super Bowl LII at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minn. on Sunday, Feb. 4 (2/4/2018).
Surviving adversity has helped Eagles head coach Doug Pederson forge a familial community within his locker room and across several position groups, but it is talent across both lines that will power Philadelphia to its first Vince Lombardi Trophy.
Here's a look at why the Eagles will win the game, 27-23:
BERKELEY, Calif. — Oregon State coach Wayne Tinkle said a few kind words to California centre Kingsley Okoroh before their game Saturday and lived to regret it.
“I congratulated him for all the work he's put in,” Tinkle said. “I probably should have kept my mouth shut.”
Okoroh played perhaps the best game of his career, scoring 14 points and grabbing 12 rebounds for his first career double-double, and the Golden Bears ended a nine-game Pac-12 losing streak with a 74-70 win over the Beavers.
Okoroh, a senior from England, made six straight free throws in the final six minutes to help secure the Bears' first victory since Dec. 30 at Stanford. A 54-per cent career free throw shooter, Okoroh finished 12 of 14 from the line. He also had five blocked shots.
Cal (8-16, 2-9) made just 9 of 20 free throws in a loss to Oregon Thursday, but converted 29 of 39 against OSU.
“Coach made us shoot free throws for 30 minutes straight (Friday in practice). It paid off today,” said Okoroh, who maintained players weren't concerned they were close to equaling the program's longest-ever losing streak of 10 games in 1961-62.
“I didn't pay any attention to that,” he said. “We've just been preaching positive energy and we've competed in all the games. It felt good.”
First-year coach Wyking Jones was relieved.
“To say we needed that one is an understatement,” he said. “I'm just very happy for our guys. Throughout all the losses, throughout all the tough breaks, they've been able to continue to fight and continue to stay together.”
The Beavers (11-11, 3-7) lost for the fourth straight game and the sixth time in seven outings. They have dropped 19 straight road games over the past two seasons.
OSU led by 10 points early, but Tinkle said players got away from what was working.
“It is frustrating, but we've got to stay positive,” Tinkle said. “Toughness and discipline wins on the road, and we've got to continue to establish that.”
Darius McNeill scored 16 points for Cal and Marcus Lee had 14.
OSU's Stephen Thompson Jr. scored 24 points on 9-for-13 shooting. Tres Tinkle added 19 points, making 10 of 10 from the foul line.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon State: The Beavers' most recent true road victory was 86-82 at UCLA on March 5, 2016. Stephen Thompson Jr., a freshman at the time, led the way with what was then a career-high 23 points, all of them in the second half.
Cal: The Bears are hoping to avoid setting a program record for most losses in a season. The 1978-79 team was 6-21 and the only other Cal team to suffer 20 defeats was the 1986-87 squad, which finished 9-20.
ALL FOULED UP: Officials called 51 fouls in the game, including 29 on the Beavers. “It was whistle-happy out there,” OSU coach Wayne Tinkle said. “We've got to learn to defend without fouling, obviously. Give them credit, there's been games they don't convert there and they made them tonight.”
NO BERKELEY LOVE: Oregon State has lost 11 of its past 12 against Cal, and has not beaten the Bears in Berkeley since Jan. 22, 2009.
FRESHMAN DELIVERS: Justice Sueing, Cal's leading scorer in Pac-12 games at 17.7 points per game entering play Saturday, picked up two quick fouls and was on the floor for just six minutes in the first half. But he finished with 11 points and has scored double figures in all 11 conference games.
UP NEXT
Oregon State plays Washington State at home on Thursday.
Cal plays at Colorado on Wednesday.
MOHAMMAD AMIR admits that bowling Pakistan to a Test series win in England would represent “the best memory” of his life.
The pace bowler was a key figure in the tourists' nine-wicket win over England in the first Test at Lord's, with the 26-year-old taking five wickets in a triumph that put Pakistan on course for a series victory.
The second Test of the two-match series begins at Headingley tomorrow and Amir has his sights set on completing a success that would rank as the finest achievement of his career.
“It's a big achievement winning in Test cricket in England against England at home, Amir said. “If we win the series, I think it will be the best memory of my life.”
But Amir expects England's wounded pride will ensure a much harder in Leeds.
“Winning games at Lord's - the home of cricket - it is very hard to win (in England). We did well at Lord's, but it's passed now,” he said.
“Everybody knows England is a very good side - I think one of the best sides in Test cricket - and they will come harder at us here. But we are ready for that challenge.”
Mohammad Abbas was Pakistan's most potent seamer at Lord's, with eight wickets, while Hasan Ali took four in the first innings. Amir believes they all have Pakistan bowling coach Azhar Mahmood to thank for the damage they caused to England's unconvincing batting line-up.
“Credit goes to all the bowlers, especially Mohammad Abbas. He's bowling very well - and Hasan Ali,” Amir said.
“But credit goes to Azhar Mahmood as well.
“He's working hard with us and keeps telling us, ‘Pitch the ball up, pitch the ball up'. I think that was the main difference at Lord's. We are looking for the same here, and I always give the credit to Azhar Mahmood because he is working so hard - and he is the man behind this.”
Surrey left-arm seamer Sam Curran has been drafted into the Test squad as cover for Ben Stokes, who is suffering with a tight left hamstring.
Curran arrived in Leeds last night and will train this morning, while Stokes will be assessed.
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court is leaving in place a lower court ruling that a federal employment discrimination law doesn't protect a person against discrimination based on their sexual orientation.
The court on Monday declined to take up the question of whether a law that bars workplace discrimination “because of…sex” covers discrimination against someone because of their sexual orientation.
President Barack Obama's Equal Employment Opportunity Commission took the view that it does. But President Donald Trump's administration has argued that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 bars discrimination based on gender but doesn't cover sexual orientation. Federal appeals courts are split on the issue. That means the issue is likely to come to the court again.
The case the Supreme Court declined to take involved Jameka Evans, a gay woman who worked as a hospital security officer in Georgia. Lower courts said she couldn't use Title VII to sue for discrimination.
The Supreme Court didn't explain why it was declining to hear the case. But the hospital where Evans worked, Georgia Regional Hospital, told the court there were technical legal problems with the case.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: 3news.com
2017-10-06
Jerry John Rawlings, former President of Ghana
Former President Jerry John Rawlings has denied authoring several posts on Facebook attributed to him on social media.
The office of the former president in a statement said Mr. Rawlings has only one official Facebook account: https://web.facebook.com/President.J.J.Rawlings/, rejecting several publications by fraudulent persons on some Facebook pages attributed to him.
“All other Facebook accounts or pages purporting to be official are fraudulent and are operated by persons with an agenda to publish falsehood and fake news about President Rawlings.”
The statement by Kobina Andoh Amoakwa, head of the Communications Directorate at the former president's office, said the fake pages have been reported to Facebook “for the necessary action”.
Find his statement below
FAKE RAWLINGS FACEBOOK ACCOUNTS
Our attention has been drawn to publications on social media attributed to former President Jerry John Rawlings through Facebook pages purporting to belong to the former President.
The official Facebook account for former President Rawlings is: https://web.facebook.com/President.J.J.Rawlings/
All other Facebook accounts or pages purporting to be official are fraudulent and are operated by persons with an agenda to publish falsehood and fake news about President Rawlings.
The statement below, which has appeared on one such fictitious page, is not attributable to the former President.
When a woman rejects a man of vision, and accept a man with television, she will end up watching the man of vision on her own husband's television.
Don't judge a man by his pocket but judge him by his vision. Because where a man is going in life is more important than his present condition.
Stay blessed. Such pages should be regarded with the contempt they deserve.
We encourage members of the public to report the conduct of these pages directly to Facebook whenever they encounter them.
The office of Flt Lt Rawlings has reported the activities of these fake pages to Facebook for the necessary action.
Signed: Kobina Andoh Amoakwa
(Communications Directorate)
By Daniel Nemukuyu
Former Zanu-PF secretary for administration Didymus Mutasa had his two top-of-the-range vehicles and household property attached over legal fees he owes lawyers who represented him in his battles with the revolutionary party.
On February 1 this year, the Sheriff unsuccessfully attempted to attach property at the politician's Umwinsdale house after the workers at the residence locked up the gates and doors.
This week, the Sheriff succeeded in attaching the property in the presence of Mutasa.
The Sheriff will today remove the attached assets from 13D 16 Chishawasha Road in Umwinsdale.
Two SUVs, a Land Rover Discovery and a Range Rover Sport, will be driven away together with an assortment of household goods.
Household goods under attachment include: three sets of leather sofas, dining table and eight chairs, two fridges, a coffee table and stools, two water tanks, microwave, carpets, television stands, Kipor generator, DSTV decoder, DVD player and two flower pots. Last year, the High Court ordered Mutasa to pay Nyakutombwa Mugabe Legal Counsel outstanding legal fees to the tune of $26 900.
Efforts to make him pay the debt hit a brick wall and the lawyers this month instructed the Sheriff to attach the property.
Mutasa together with Rugare Gumbo and Temba Mliswa, were expelled from Zanu-PF in 2015 and engaged the services of Nyakutombwa Mugabe Legal Counsel to fight the expulsion.
After filing several applications, the trio chickened out and dropped the challenge, but the lawyers billed them $26 900 for the work done.
Gumbo and Mliswa are contesting the claim and their matter is yet to be heard at the High Court.
In coming up with the bill, the law firm charged the trio for all opted services rendered and for all court attendances in terms of the Law Society of Zimbabwe General Tariff of 2011.
No guarantee of success was given nor was failure of the cases a basis for non-payment of the due fees, the lawyers argued.
In one of the cases in which Mutasa and Gumbo were contesting expulsion at the High Court, the court ordered them to pay legal costs incurred by Zanu-PF and President Mugabe in defending the aborted court application. The Chronicle
Winger Raheem Sterling claims his Manchester City team-mates are being “butchered” by bad tackles.
His comments follow those of manager Pep Guardiola, who believes the players need more protection from referees.
Late tackles on Brahim Diaz and Kevin de Bruyne during the 3-0 win over West Brom further provoked Guardiola's ire.
Sterling said: “Some tackles have been awful. It's not what I expect in a top-flight match, especially when teams are losing and go out to kick players.”
The 23-year-old added: “There are going to be challenges that are badly timed and probably not all of them are intentional.
“But at the same time if it's a dangerous tackle, it's a dangerous tackle and I think the referees and officials need to cut these tackles out because some of the players are getting butchered, butchered out there and it's sad to see.”
The England international also fears that one of these challenges could result in a City player missing out on the chance to play at Russia 2018.
He said: “I do think we need to cut down on that because we've got a World Cup at the end of the year.
“The majority of the players in the top flight, and in our team, will be playing in it and it would be sad to see someone miss the tournament due to a silly tackle and someone gets away with it.”
His German team-mate Leroy Sané is out for seven weeks with ankle ligament damage after a tackle by Cardiff's Joe Bennett last weekend, while both Diaz and De Bruyne were fortunate to avoid injuries following challenges by Baggies pair Matt Phillips and James McClean.
Belgium midfielder De Bruyne said after that match: “A lot of teams are making a lot of fouls against us. We make a foul, we get a yellow card, I don't know how it's possible sometimes.” BBC News
WASHINGTON (AP) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign has met with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations don't conflict.
The leaders of the Senate intelligence committee say In a statement issued Wednesday that they “look forward to future engagements” with Robert Mueller.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, didn't provide any other details regarding the meeting. An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries don't interfere with one another. The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence, and after a friend of President Donald Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday he has seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
Also Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said his panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations.”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat. Grassley's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump before he was fired.
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as President Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed him to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a “matter” and to avoid calling it an investigation.
“You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr. Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative, bipartisan basis.”
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate. Grassley said Comey's dismissal and Comey's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Comey “took the opportunity in his testimony to clear his own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation.”
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Beyoncé and Jay-Z have announced that physical editions for EVERYTHING IS LOVE, the surprise collaborative album from the Carters that premiered last month, will be out this Friday (July 6). You can pre-order a CD of the album, but no word yet on a vinyl edition.
The Carters are currently on the European leg of the On The Run II tour, the North American shows will begin at the end of the month.
Team owner Joe Lacob says he's willing to do "whatever it takes" to ensure Stephen Curry remains with the NBA champion? Golden State Warriors.
Curry, 29, is eligible for a five-year, $205 million extension this offseason. Bay Area News Group asked Lacob if he will make that offer to the two-time NBA MVP.
"We're going to do whatever it takes to keep Steph here and happy," Lacob said. "And I know he wants to be here and we want him here. So, I do not anticipate any issues with him staying."
Lacob's confidence in retaining Curry seems warranted, as Curry indicated during the season that he can't see himself playing for another team.
NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant can opt out of his contract this summer to negotiate a new deal. Sources have told ESPN that Durant is willing to take less than the maximum contract extension he is eligible for as a 10-year veteran if it helps the Warriors keep the core of their team intact.
Curry averaged 25.3 points per game in the regular season and improved that to 28.1 points per game in the playoffs to help the Warriors win their second championship in three seasons.
Israel has jailed an Arab citizen without charges for more than six months, his attorney said on Monday.
A six-month administrative detention order was issued against Mohammed Khaled Ibrahim, 20, on June 6, which when it expired last week, Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman renewed for another three months.
MK Masoud Ghanem (Joint List) said that Ibrahim, a computer technician from the Galilee village of Kabul, was detained after being spotted making frequent visits to Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem and the area, and for conducting a religious way of life.
Attorney Mustaf Suheil told Haaretz that the decision is puzzling especially since the man is young, has Israeli citizenship and yet the defense establishment is taking such a drastic step as administrative detention which is an unusually harsh step to employ against a citizen.
Israel Prison Services data show there are 534 administrative detainees in Israel, two of them Israeli citizens. One is Ibrahim and the other a resident of East Jerusalem.
Suheil said all the material against his client is classified and lawyers have no access to any procedures which are all conducted behind closed doors.
Ibrahim's family and local activists have set up a popular committee and in a meeting on Sunday they decided to launch a public protest for his immediate release.
Walid Taha, a committee member, told Haaretz relatives were surprised at the arrest and decided to protest after he wasn't freed at the end of his term last month. They have also filed an appeal through the district court in Haifa.
MK Masoud Ghanem of the Joint List recently queried Lieberman about Ibrahim's arrest, but has not received any reply yet.
DENVER — The San Diego Padres have placed first baseman Eric Hosmer on the family medical leave list.
The Padres hope to have him back in the lineup Friday, manager Andy Green said before Tuesday's game against the Colorado Rockies.
Green said only that Hosmer “had some things he needed to go home and take care of. Respecting his privacy and his family's wishes, we'll just kind of leave it at that right now.”
In addition, the team selected the contract of left-hander Eric Lauer from Triple-A El Paso. He will start Tuesday.
To make room for Lauer, San Diego designated lefty Buddy Baumann for assignment.
Lauer was a first-round pick of the Padres in 2016. He was 2-1 with a 3.00 ERA in three starts for El Paso.
Chris Evans's gay brother Scott joined him on Late Night with Seth Meyers, and the siblings took a test on how well they know each other, answering questions about each other's favorite books, Disney movies, and with whom they had their first kisses.
Said Scott after Chris guessed correctly that Scott's first kiss was with a girl named Emily Benton and Chris's with a girl named Maggie Sullivan: “They're watching. Emily's like…'I turned him gay.'”
The game went on to reveal where Scott hid his Monopoly money (down his pants), what Chris told his first grade class that their dad did for a living, and that Chris once split Scott's head open with a book.
Keith Carradine has had a storied career in Hollywood. The longtime actor and musician won an Oscar for his song “I'm Easy” from the 1976 movie Nashville worked alongside stars such as Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig and is going into his fourth season as President Conrad Dalton on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary. Carradine has been a part of many great TV shows and movies, but he says nothing compares to his experience on Madam Secretary
“Tea Leoni is the best of the best, she sets the tone for everyone,” Carradine told CBS Local. “I'm so happy to come to work and do the work. The work gets done efficiently, but joyfully. We are presenting political people and public servants in a light that we would like to see things be.”
Carradine's ties with CBS run deep, as he's also been a recurring character on The Big Bang Theory, where he plays Penny Hofstadter's father Wyatt. While the Oscar winner is not known his comedic background, the writers of the show have ensured that Carradine leaves the audience laughing.
“Big Bang Theory is one of the best formats imaginable for an actor.” “I love to do comedy. It's not necessarily what I'm known for, but when you walk into that environment they are going to make you funny.”
Carradine was always destined for the screen as both his father and his brother were in the business. While the co-star of ‘Madam Secretary,' has a long list of credits, he knows winning an Oscar will always define him.
“It was an amazing moment, it was kind of an out-of-body experience to be told I had won and be handed that statue by Angie Dickinson and Burt Bacharach. Angie and I have remained friends ever since. It was extraordinary and unexpected.”
Catch Keith as President Dalton in the Season 4 premiere of Madam Secretary Sunday, October 8th at 10pm eastern.
In California, construction crews are trying to lower the level of Lake Oroville and repair emergency spillways at the Oroville Dam, about 75 miles north of Sacramento, to prevent catastrophic flooding downstream.
A secondary spillway was opened Monday after the main spillway, which is supposed to safely release water when the lake level is too high, had developed a huge hole, as we reported.
Rain is forecast for later this week in Northern California, and nearly 200,000 people who live downstream have been evacuated from the area.
As NPR's Richard Gonzalez reported, "The good news is that the water level in the dam is falling and repair crews have been able to drop heavy rocks in key spots of the emergency spillway to prevent further erosion."
For those who were evacuated out, hotels in the region were filled to capacity on Tuesday and "evacuation centers are straining to keep with the demand for shelter," Richard said.
FEMA acting Regional Administrator Ahsha Tribble said the agency is providing support to evacuated people, Ben Bradford of Capital Public Radio reported.
"We are already moving commodities, and commodities being cots, blankets and water, given the number of people that were actually evacuated last night," Tribble said.
"Officials say a new series of storms coming by Thursday prevents them from saying how long the evacuation could last, and repair crews have been able to drop heavy rocks in key spots of the emergency spillway to prevent further erosion," Richard reported.
The Los Angeles Times published this diagram of what that catastrophic erosion could look like.
"Meanwhile, local reports are emerging that environmental groups raised concerns about the the dam's emergency spillway decades ago," Richard reported.
The Times reported that the the emergency spillways were damaged by far less water than the maximum flow they are supposed to handle:
"Earth and weak rock near the top of the spillway started to erode when peak flows were 12,600 cubic feet per second, compared with the designed capacity of 450,000 cubic feet per second, according to the Department of Water Resources. ... Bill Croyle, the acting director of the Department of Water Resources, said Monday that he was 'not sure anything went wrong. This was a new, never-happened-before event.' " "But during 2005 relicensing proceedings for Oroville Dam, several environmental groups argued that substantial erosion would occur on the hillside in the event of a significant emergency spill. In a filing, they asked the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to order the state to 'to armor or otherwise reconstruct the ungated spillway.' " "State Water Project contractors, including the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, were involved in the relicensing. MWD General Manager Jeffrey Kightlinger said Monday his agency deferred to the state and federal agencies on the matter."
At 770 feet, the Oroville Dam is the tallest in the U.S. Although the structure hasn't suffered a catastrophic failure, the excess water dumped by a series of California storms and released through the spillways has nonetheless inundated communities in and around Oroville.
Reporter Paige St. John of the Times tweeted a photo of a drowned cemetery in the town of Marysville downstream of the dam.
An aerial photo shared by the Long Beach Fire Department, which was called in from the southern part of the state to assist local authorities, showed water carving channels through the hills downstream of the dam, carrying mud and debris with it.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Malvern Area Kiwanis annual Sexy Legs Contest is today (Saturday, Feb. 3) from 5 to 7 p.m. at the Boys & Girls Club of Malvern and Hot Spring County. The event is done in humor and is family friendly.
The Sexy Legs Contest is held in conjunction with the Chili Supper. Admission for ages 13 and up is $8, ages 6-12 are $4 and ages 5 and younger are free.
Those who are interested in either event may ask any member of the Malvern Area Kiwanis Club for a ticket or call Susan Lafond at (501) 337-6422.
Earthquake measuring 4.3 on the Richter scale strikes northern Israel, following earlier quake on Wednesday morning.
Residents of northern Israel reported on Wednesday night that they had felt an earthquake for a few seconds. A number of communities in central Israel also reported feeling an earthquake.
The epicenter of the quake was in the northern border area, with a magnitude of 4.3 on the Richter scale.
The earthquake is the second that was felt in the northern part of Israel on Wednesday, following the earthquake which struck early Wednesday morning.
The earthquake which struck in the morning measured 4.1 on the Richter scale.
So far there are no reports of injuries or damages from either earthquake.
Last November, Israelis across the country felt an earthquake which originated on the Iraq-Iran border.
In January 2017, an earthquake that originated near the eastern shores of Crete was also felt in Israel.
In November of 2016, an earthquake measuring 3.6 on the Richter scale which struck southern Lebanon was also felt in northern Israel, in cities such as Tzfat and Kiryat Shmona.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Donald Trump has demanded and received an apology from a Washington Post reporter over a photo of Trump's Florida rally on Friday.
Trump tweeted Saturday that “.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phoney photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in.” The post included photos of the Pensacola venue as Trump spoke.
“Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo!” Trump tweeted from his Florida estate, where he was spending the weekend.
Weigel apologized within minutes.
“Sure thing: I apologize,” Weigel tweeted. Weigel said he deleted the photo after another reporter “told me I'd gotten it wrong.”
Trump said in a follow-up tweet that Weigel should be fired.
At Friday's rally, Trump pointed to a CNN correction and other corrections and clarifications by news organizations in the past week on stories that initially had been damaging to the president but didn't live up to the scrutiny.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018-- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of approximately 23% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006004/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global cloud migration services market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
The adoption of container-as-a-service solutions is one of the major trends being witnessed in the market. The modern cloud computing and virtualization systems are highly distributed by the invention of a better and lightweight distributed application packaging toolkit over the cloud environment, called the container technology. Cloud containers feature the management of applications with migration, replication, relocation, upgrading, and the easy plug-and-play ability in real time.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the increasing adoption of cloud computing as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global market:
Increasing adoption of cloud computing
The emergence of cost-effective IT solutions such as cloud computing has helped in reducing the total cost of ownership (TCO) for businesses. Previously, the adoption rate of on-premises software solutions to manage operational activities was low due to their limited IT budgets. Gradually, the top executives of organizations have started investing in advanced IT solutions such as analytics, IoT, enterprise systems, and other IT solutions through cloud computing deployment model.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for , “Affordability and convenience are the major reasons for the adoption of advanced IT solutions among organizations through the cloud computing platform. The leading vendors in the market are currently targeting the cloud computing segment because of the enormous opportunities available in the cloud computing market.”
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Cloud migration services - market segmentation
This market research report segments the global market by deployment (public cloud, private cloud, and hybrid cloud) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA). It provides an in-depth analysis of the prominent factors influencing the market, including drivers, opportunities, trends, and industry-specific challenges.
The Americas led the global cloud migration services market in 2017, accounting for a market share of around 44%. It was followed by EMEA and APAC. The APAC region is expected to post the fastest growth during the forecast period.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006004/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT HARDWARE INTERNET SOFTWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 11:14 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 11:14 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006004/en
Getty Image
Over the weekend you likely saw the video of a young Tennessee student named Keaton Jones explaining to his mother the heartbreaking details of the bullying he's faced at school.
Jones tearfully goes through the list of things other kids have done, from physical bullying like pouring milk on him and throwing bread at him to emotional bullying like name-calling and making fun of his appearance and that he has no friends. He pleads for an answer to why the bullies are so mean and why anyone would enjoy being mean to another person.
LONDON (AP) — The Latest on European soccer transfers on deadline day (all times local):
___
11:35 a.m.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has joined Arsenal from Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund.
Dortmund says the teams have agreed on a transfer fee of 63.75 million euros ($80 million) — a record for the Premier League club.
Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc says Aubameyang "has done great things for Dortmund ... scored many important goals and is a part of the team that brought the German Cup to Dortmund in 2017."
Aubameyang had been dropped as a disciplinary measure for missing a team meeting, the third time the Gabon striker had been sanctioned by Dortmund in a little over a year.
Aubameyang scored 141 goals in 213 appearances for Dortmund since joining from French club Saint-Etienne in 2013.
Arsenal says the deal is subject to the completion of "regulatory processes."
___
11:15 a.m.
Will Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leave Borussia Dortmund for Arsenal? Will Riyad Mahrez move to Manchester City?
It's the final day of Europe's transfer window and there are potentially some big deals to be finalized, especially in the Premier League, where clubs have already spent a record amount in January.
The most significant transfer could see Aubameyang join Arsenal for a reported 64.5 million euros ($80 million) in a move that would have a domino effect, with Dortmund needing a replacement and Arsenal looking to offload striker Oliver Giroud.
Man City broke its transfer record to sign Aymeric Laporte for $80 million on Tuesday and could surpass that a day later if the Premier League leaders succeed in bringing in Mahrez from Leicester.
No major signings are expected in Spain or France.
The death toll in the Reina nightclub massacre remains at 39 with an additional 69 people wounded or injured. One of the injured is now reported to be a U.S. national, but no Americans were killed. There is a manhunt underway for the primary gunman, however the Turkish authorities are seeking three suspects.
New CCTV video of the gunman entering the nightclub and shooting what appears to be a Kalashnikov rifle, or AK variant, has surfaced. Warning: the content is disturbing as it shows people at the entrance to the club being shot.
(Via ABC) A manhunt is underway in Turkey after a gunman went on a rampage in a crowded Istanbul nightclub during New Year's Eve celebrations early Sunday morning, killed at least 39 people and injured at least 69 more, according to Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu.
The popular Reina club had attracted a diverse crowd of between 400 and 500 patrons from foreign countries as well as Turkey to ring in the new year before the attack by an apparently lone shooter at around 1:15 a.m, authorities said.
Turkish police initially said one gunman was being sought but later released photos of three men whom they said were the Istanbul nightclub attackers. Police said the images they released were of the attackers going through a passport check-in as they entered Turkey.
A gunman armed with what authorities described as a long-barreled weapon killed a policeman and a civilian outside of the club before “[raining] bullets in a very cruel and merciless way on innocent people” inside the club, according to Visip Sahin, the governor of Istanbul.
Twenty-four of the 39 killed were foreign nationals, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. Authorities said the foreign victims hailed from Belgium, France, India, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and Tunisia.
A U.S. State Department official told ABC News that the U.S. is not aware of any American deaths in Istanbul attack.
Of the 69 people who were injured, four were hospitalized in serious condition, according to Soylu, who described the attack as “inhuman.”
“This was a massacre, a truly inhuman savagery,” Soylu said. (read more)
GRAPHIC: First moments of the attack in #Turkey. Man shot in the street. pic.twitter.com/C9HmkRE5kt — Deplorable Vet 🇺🇸 (@KGBVeteran) January 1, 2017
//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Lawmakers move to impeach Buhari for spending $496m on jets without approval
Some members of the house of representatives has called for President Muhammadu Buhari's impeachment for approving the withdrawal of sum of $496 million without their nod, TheCable reports.
This follows a letter which Buhari wrote to the house on Tuesday, defending his approval of the money used for the procurement of 12 Super Tucano aircraft from the US.
The money was said to have been withdrawn from the excess crude account (ECA).
In a letter written to the national assembly, Buhari said he had anticipated the lawmakers will approve the withdrawal.
Reading the contents of the letter during plenary on Monday, Yakubu Dogara, speaker of the house, quoted Buhari as saying: “In the expectation that the national assembly would have no objection to the purchase of this highly specialized aircraft, which is critical to national security, I granted anticipatory approval for the release of US$496,374,470.00.”
He said the letter was sent to the leadership of the national assembly on April 13 and was received by his (speaker's) office on April 17.
The development angered the lawmakers who accused the president of “overriding” their powers.
Their deliberation on the matter followed a constitutional point of order raised by Kingsley Chinda, from Rivers state.
Citing sections 80 and 81 of 1999 constitution, Chinda said the Nigerian law does not recognise anticipatory approval.
He condemned the approval, wondering what would happen if the lawmakers fail to approve the money.
“There is nowhere in our law that talked about anticipatory approval. We cannot sit down and allow this to take place. It is an impeachable offence. There is no infraction that is worse than this. Let us not continue to sleep. I propose that we commence the impeachment of Mr President,” he said.
Some other lawmakers who also contributed to the motion supported the impeachment move, accusing the president of seeking their approval through the backdoor.
Sunday Karimi from Kogi said the lawmakers should write the president and inform him he has breached the constitution and “he should be prepared to face the consequences.”
“This is the time to tell the president that we were elected to serve the people,” he added.
However, Emmanuel Orker-Jev, chairman of the house committee on rules and businesses, said going by the house rules, Buhari's letter ought to be slated for second reading before the house could debate it.
Thereafter, Dogara said the matter would be slated for second reading on a date during which “we can decide on what to do”.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
David Moyes has heaped praise on Jordan Pickford for his “remarkable” debut season in the Premier League – and compared his outstanding kicking to that of a top midfielder.
The 23-year-old has been one of the few positives to emerge from this campaign, which sees Sunderland's top flight status hanging by an increasingly small thread.
Pickford, who has been nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award, continues to win admirers for a string of impressive displays, with his pin-point distribution catching the eye too.
Moyes describes it as a “big weapon” for Sunderland in their ongoing battle for survival, with Pickford averaging 33 passes a match.
And the Sunderland boss believes the Washington-born stopper has got the balance just right in terms of when to play out from the back and when to get Sunderland quickly motoring up the pitch.
“He's obviously a very big kicker, I thought some of his passes against Watford recently, it was like watching a top midfield player,” beamed Moyes.
“He's just got to be careful, that it isn't something he needs to do to get noticed or to be seen, because then it adds risks to his game. At the moment he's not doing that, he's limiting it.
“He's a very good passer, he can go short, he can play long, it is such a big part of goalkeeping these days.
“Against Leicester he had something like 70 per cent pass accuracy, against Manchester United I think it was down to about 40, so we're keeping an eye on it.
“Of course there are other things, Darmian out jumped Victor [Anichebe] quite a lot so you can't read too much into it, but we're always on to make sure his distribution is good, as a team we need it, it's a big weapon for us.”
Pickford has made 23 appearances in the Premier League this season, keeping three clean sheets.
In total, the in-demand stopper – who is being monitored by several top flight teams – has made 751 passes this season in the league, with 261 accurate long balls included in that figure.
After several loan spells in the Football League, the England Under-21 international made his debut for Sunderland last season against Arsenal in the FA Cup before establishing himself as the club's number one this campaign with Pickford the first name on the team sheet.
“For a young lad to do so well, to not make mistakes, it is really, really big,” added Moyes.
“He's been through the season nearly immaculate, I touch wood when I say, but you'd have to say he's just been so good.
“The scrutiny will come, and goalkeepers will have ups and downs, I use David de Gea as an example, I thought that Sir Alex Ferguson played him when he wasn't playing so well, took him out the odd time, put him back in, showed great faith in him, and all of the managers since have had a really great goalkeeper in him.
“Jordan's come in and nearly not made any mistakes, and gone through a season nearly as well as anybody, it has been a remarkable first season in the Premier League.
“I've seen him as probably the biggest positive at the club this year.”
Bethlehem police are investigating after a young girl was found wandering alone, wearing only a diaper and shirt, Sunday afternoon in the city.
Good Samaritans driving by spotted the girl and called police.
Vincent Milite, public works director for Hanover Township, Northampton County, had just turned from Broad Street onto Center Street, when he saw the young girl.
MORE: Bethlehem police arrest 6 in elderly scams
The 4-year-old girl was walking on the sidewalk, wearing a shirt and diaper, he said.
"There was no one around looking for her," Milite said.
Milite pulled his truck over and stopped, and said the little girl ran to his wife, Tricia, while he was on the phone with 911.
The girl wasn't scared but she felt freezing, he said. The high temperature on Sunday was 49.
The couple called police at about 3 p.m. and stayed with her after officers arrived.
Milite said another man reported seeing the girl on Linden Street, and that witness ran home to get his phone, and then came back looking for her.
Police are investigating with Lehigh County's Children and Youth division, police Capt. Anthony Leardi said.
The girl was placed with Children and Youth, and no arrests have been made, Leardi said.
"I am no hero. This is what anyone should do," said Milite, who has worked for the township for 34 years, the last 10 as public works director.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow her on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Arizona's Crypto Tax Payments Bill Clears Hurdle
Arizona's revamped cryptocurrency tax bill was approved by a key committee on Monday.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
It's not exactly the only music beef going right now, but never fear: Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page and former Take That singer Robbie Williams are still feuding over Williams's home renovation plans, as they have ever since William bought the historic West London mansion next to Page's own in 2013.
The latest round in the fight goes to Page for now, as the Evening Standard reports that a meeting of the local planning committee on Tuesday opted to defer approval for Williams's plan to build a basement swimming pool and gym. Page is concerned that vibrations from the potential excavation next door could damage his red-brick Gothic Revival manse, particularly the elaborate plaster, tile, and stained glass installed by its designer, English architect William Burges. Page claims he plays only acoustic guitar at home for fear of sound waves.
Williams's representatives reportedly told the committee that effects on neighbors would be “negligible,” but that proved insufficiently convincing. A final decision is delayed pending further “legal assurances” regarding independent monitoring and possible accommodations, such as requiring all work be done with hand tools.
That seems to leave open the possibility that Williams may still get his basement swimming pool, dug with a garden trowel if necessary, and thus we have hope for more of this delightful feud, which has already seen Page allegedly spying on Williams's work crews (who were later fined for noise violations) and forced Williams to issue a public apology for suggesting Page might be exhibiting signs of mental illness.
CAIRO (AP) — Mohammed Salah has the ability to light up any team, including Egypt.
The Liverpool striker has been in superb form this season, but playing at the World Cup will be a new experience for him. Egypt qualified for the tournament for the first time in 28 years, and its chances in Group A against host Russia, Saudi Arabia and Uruguay mainly rest on the 25-year-old Salah's shoulders.
In last month's warm-up games, headers proved to be Egypt's undoing. Salah put Egypt in the lead against Portugal, but Cristiano Ronaldo scored two late goals with his head for the European champions. In a dour game against Greece, Egypt lost 1-0 after another goal was nodded in.
Here's a closer look at the Egypt team:
COACH
Hector Cuper took over in 2015 after a dismal run under former United States coach Bob Bradley. The Argentine inherited a seven-time African champion that had failed to qualify for the last three continental championships.
Not only did Cuper lead the team to the 2017 African Cup of Nations, but they reached the final before losing to Cameroon. The World Cup exile then ended with a game to spare in qualifying.
The pair of feats halted media criticism of Cuper's tactics and turned him into a national hero. So much so that football federation officials are hoping Cuper reverses plans to leave the job after the World Cup.
However, doubts persist over whether Cuper has done enough to improve a squad that is notorious for losing the ball, squandering chances in front of goal and aerial weaknesses.
GOALKEEPERS
At 45, Essam el-Hadary could become the oldest player to compete at a World Cup. Russia may be his last stop in an illustrious career spanning three decades which took him to clubs in Switzerland, Sudan and Saudi Arabia, where he plays for Al-Taawoun.
Despite his vast international experience, El-Hadary must guard against some of the lapses of concentration and poor decision-making that surfaced in recent years.
Ahmed el-Shennawy was El-Hadary's backup before being ruled out of the World Cup with a left knee injury. That leaves Al-Ahly goalkeeper Mohammed el-Shennawy, who is no relation, as a possible replacement.
DEFENDERS
Ahmed Hegazy is the rock of the defense. At 6-foot-4 (1.95 meters), the 29-year-old center back is formidable in the air and has been growing in confidence and authority in the Premier League even as West Bromwich Albion has struggled.
Ali Jabr, a teammate for club and country, has been rarely used by West Brom, but he could retain his place in the Egypt back four because of his international experience.
Veterans Ahmed Fathy and Mohamed Abdel-Shafy look sure to start, with their runs on both flanks key to feeding the forwards.
Substitute defenders will most likely include Saad Sameer and Ayman Ashraf, both of Egyptian club Al-Ahly, and Ahmed Elmohamady of Aston Villa.
MIDFIELDERS
Egypt will be hoping Mohammed Elneny fully recovers from an ankle injury sustained playing for Arsenal. Elneny and Abdullah Said, who has been playing at Finnish club Kuopion Palloseura, should provide a solid midfield backbone that's a big part of the machine feeding Salah up front.
With their commitment and energy, the quality of the pair's performances could prove to be the difference between Egypt appearing disjointed or showing off its flowing football.
Their backups include Tareq Hamed of Egyptian club Zamalek and Amr Warda, who plays for Greek club Atromitos.
FORWARDS
After scoring more than 40 goals this season with Liverpool, Salah will be looking to continue his prolific form on the biggest stage in Russia.
Salah, the Professional Footballers' Association player of the year, doesn't get the same service with Egypt as he enjoys at Anfield. But he has shown versatility at Liverpool, changing positions to shake off markers.
Salah's partners up front will include Mahmoud Hassan — better known by his nickname Trezeguet — and Mahmoud Abdel-Monaim — also known as Kahrabah. Trezeguet plays for Turkish club Kasimpasa, while Kahrabah plays in Saudi Arabia.
Another attacking option is 21-year-old midfielder Ramadan Sobhi, who has been struggling to start for Stoke and has only scored twice in the Premier League this season.
GROUP GAMES
Egypt, which didn't advance past the opening round in its previous World Cup appearances in 1934 and 1990, will open against Uruguay on June 19. The team based in Grozny will then take on Russia on June 19 and Saudi Arabia on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – Local activists are pushing leaders in Pinellas County to pass resolutions supporting “welcoming cities.”
It comes weeks after President Donald Trump signed an executive order to block state funding to so-called “sanctuary cities.”
Organizers with Awake Pinellas said they want to see a resolution that would protect families that have been here for decades and are a part of the community.
Activists say it's not about harboring criminals.
“We're coming together on Valentine's Day to say ‘love thy neighbor,'” said Kofi Hunt, with Awake Pinellas. “Sanctuary counties and welcoming counties are actually beneficial for the communities they live in.”
Leaders with Awake Pinellas, Florida Labor Council and Council on American-Islamic Relations, stood together in solidarity on the steps of St. Pete City Hall.
They said they're protecting human rights.
“There's less crime in welcoming counties. There's also a higher average of income in welcoming counties, there's less rate of poverty,” said Hunt.
CAIR Chief Executive Director Hassan Shibly, Esq. said he's spoken to dozens of families that are scared, many from the countries on President Trump's travel ban.
“Just as we worked in Hillsborough County, we're working in Pinellas County, calling for the county to establish itself as a ‘welcoming county' and make all its residents, regardless of how they got here, regardless of their race or their religion, or ethnicity, feel welcome and safe,” said Shibly.
St. Petersburg officials expressed they are a “welcoming city.”
But, the jail is run by Sheriff Bob Gualtieri, who abides by federal law.
Shibly said, “As an elected official, he has the responsibility to listen to the will of the people.”
“I have a responsibility to enforce the law and I follow the law, I don't make the law,” Sheriff Gualtieri said. “And I have a responsibility that Pinellas County stays safe and that all the people stay safe.”
The sheriff said his deputies are not rounding up innocent people.
“If we come in contact with people who are in Pinellas County and are here illegally and committing crimes, then we will do our part at the request of I.C.E. to notify them,” he said.
Florida lawmakers filed an Anti-Sanctuary bill last week.
If passed, it would prohibit local municipalities from creating a sanctuary ordinance.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
Warner Bros.
There are many reasons why Wonder Woman has been such a runaway success — Surprise! Women want to see themselves represented onscreen and will shell out money for tickets! — but part of the film's appeal is how it was such a divergence away from the dour sensibilities that has overcome DC films in recent years. While it was thrilling to see the Amazons destroy Germans on the beach of Themyscira and witnessing Diana (Gal Gadot) run through No Man's Land, little moments like her discovery of ice cream, seeing her first baby, and her developing relationship with Steve Trevor (Chris Pine) gave the movie real heart.
On the plus side, it seems like DC is listening. Following Wonder Woman's welcome and successful shift in tone, DC is starting to rethink their “dark and gritty” approach to super heroics. While speaking to The Wrap, DC Entertainment president Geoff Johns explained that we are on the cusp of a real tonal shift. According to Johns, the DCU will now be focused on fun:
“Get to the essence of the character and make the movies fun. Just make sure that the characters are the characters with heart, humor, hope, heroics, and optimism at the base.”
Previously, Johns had taken a slightly different stance, saying that many were just misunderstanding DC's films.
“That couldn't be more wrong. [The difference is] a hopeful and optimistic view of life. Even Batman has a glimmer of that in him.”
After repeatedly saying that they were never going to become more like Marvel, it seems that a sea change is about to occur. However, if this means that we'll be getting better DC movies, bring it on.
(Via /Film)
Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today
Back to page
GOOD GOD! Nigerian Pastor And Wife Welcome Triplets After 19 Years Of Childlessness (Photos)
A Nigerian Pastor, Don Odunze and his wife was full of joy after receiving multiple blessings. The elated pastor took to his Facebook page to announce that he and his wife have welcomed a set of beautiful triplets after 19 years of childlessness. The babies, 2 boys and 1 girl are in good health […]
The post GOOD GOD! Nigerian Pastor And Wife Welcome Triplets After 19 Years Of Childlessness (Photos) appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In response to outrage from patients and lawmakers, Marathon Pharmaceuticals has delayed the launch of an $89,000 drug for Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
The company had announced the annual list price for Emflaza, which is a steroid, after the Food and Drug Administration approved the drug Thursday.
Emflaza is approved as an orphan drug, which means it is intended to treat a rare disease. Duchenne is an inherited disorder that causes muscles to become weak. There is no cure for the condition, which mainly affects boys, but some drugs, including Emflaza, are used to lessen symptoms.
For years, many American patients have imported deflazacort, the generic version of Emflaza, for about $1,200 a year. But because the medicine wasn't approved in the U.S., the cost of the medicine wasn't typically covered by insurers.
That contrast in price between became a flash point Monday as Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., sent a letter to Marathon on Monday morning demanding answers about the $89,000 price for a drug that isn't new. It has been used routinely by Duchenne patients in the U.S. since at least 2005.
"We believe Marathon is abusing our nation's 'orphan drug' program, which grants companies seven years of market exclusivity to encourage research into new treatments for rare diseases — not to provide companies like Marathon with lucrative market exclusivity rights for drugs that have been available for decades," Sanders and Cummings wrote.
Marathon said FDA approval would help more patients get the drug.
"Our goal in commercializing Emflaza all along has been to make it available to that broader set of patients who is a prior to FDA approval have not had access to the therapy," said a statement attributed to Marathon CEO Jeffrey Aronin that was read Monday to a meeting of parents, patients and advocates in Washington, D.C. "We are pausing our launch, which has not yet taken place. We have not sold any new product and will pause that process."
But patients and their families cried foul.
"What you're doing is robbing my insurance company," said Dana Edwards, a mother from New Jersey whose 12-year-old has taken deflazacort, the generic version of the drug, since he was 5.
Pat Furlong, the president and founder of Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy, which sponsored the Monday conference, read the statement to an outraged crowd in a conference room at the Mayflower Hotel.
"Since last week's approval, they've heard from all of us," he said. Furlong told the audience that complaints from patients helped to prompt Marathon's action.
The company, Furlong read, will continue to offer patients an expanded access program, which allows about 800 patients to receive the drug from the company. More can join that program free, and patients can continue importing the drug from Canada or "wherever they are getting it," the statement said.
In January, Kaiser Health News and NPR published an investigation that found the orphan drug law intended to help desperate patients is being manipulated by drugmakers for financial gain.
Republican Rep. Robert Aderholt, the chairman of the appropriations subcommittee that funds the FDA, called Marathon's announcement a "tipping point." And he said the astronomical increase in deflazacort's price "makes me question whether the current construct of how the FDA approves orphan drugs does more harm than good if companies have found a way to game the system."
At Monday's meeting, Marathon executives presented a slideshow on financial assistance for patients, as well as details on the drug's expected availability. Emflaza was set to hit the market by mid-March, said Eric Messner, vice president of sales and marketing for Marathon.
Messner said the drug would cost $50,000 to $54,000 after rebates and discounts to insurers. "I know there has been a lot of discussion about that. How did we arrive at the price?" Messner said.
An audience member interrupted Messner asking if the company had talked to patients and families about the price.
He offered assurance that they did and said there would be an ongoing dialogue with patient groups. "We expect that patients will experience a low or zero out-of-pocket experience," he said.
Late Monday, Marathon released an official statement and open letter to the Duchenne community, promising that "price should not be a barrier" for patients. "Put simply we expect patients will pay a standard copay of typically $20 or less per prescription.
Edwards, the New Jersey mother, said she hopes President Trump will fulfill his vow to bring down high drug prices.
Kaiser Health News' coverage of prescription drug development, costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation.
ZURICH (AP) — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after he was banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing.
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final.
Now FIFA says its referees' committee has decided that his conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia "are not satisfied anymore."
As a result, the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament, including two assistants.
FIFA says Al Mirdasi won't be directly replaced. Instead, the governing body will take two additional assistant referees from the United Arab Emirates and Japan.
AMESBURY, England (AP) — UK police: Counterterrorism officers join investigation after 2 sickened by unknown substance near spy poisoning town.
ROCK TAVERN, N.Y. (AP) — Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast, buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood.
Workers at the Polich Tallix (POH'-lich TAH'-liks) foundry north of New York City spent the last several months making 60 identical Oscars for the Feb. 26 awards.
The foundry, in its second year of making the awards, has tweaked the look of the stylized knight to something closer to the statuettes first handed out in 1929.
Each of the statuettes is 13½ inches tall with the same distinctive Art Deco features polished to a mirror finish. Each glossy black base lacks only a winner's nameplate, which is added after the ceremony.
Founder of Christ Embassy Church, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome, has released prophecies for 2017. He pointed out that 2017 would be a year of flourishing for all, even as he compared the flourishing to that of a palm tree which flourishes and grows irrespective of whatever season it is. The pastor made this known on Sunday. […]
BOULDER, Colo. (AP) -- McKinley Wright scored 21 points, Lucas Siewert had 13 and Colorado held Utah to a season-low point total in beating the Utes 67-55 on Friday night.
George King added 12 points and 10 rebounds for Colorado (13-10, 5-6 Pac-12), which snapped a three-game skid as well as a seven-game losing streak to Utah (13-9, 5-6).
It was Wright's fifth 20-plus point game this season and first since he also had 21 points against Iowa on Dec. 22.
Utah did not have a player score in double figures and was outshot by the Buffaloes 43.1 to 35.1 percent. David Collette's eight points led the Utes, whose previous low point total came in an 85-58 loss to UNLV on Nov. 22.
King said the Buffaloes focused their defensive effort on Utah's perimeter shooters. The Utes had come converting an average of nearly 10 3-pointers per game but finished with seven against Colorado, including two in the final 4:01 when the game was all but out of reach.
''We did a good job of taking away their strengths,'' King said. ''Our coaches challenged us to go out and prevent that and that's what we were able to do. ... We just had a lot of energy and effort. We had a sense of urgency. I think that when we got stops, it ignited us offensively.''
It was just the opposite for the Utes, who never hit their stride offensively.
''It was a grind from an offensive point of view,'' said Utah coach Larry Krystkowiak. ''We just didn't have a whole lot of momentum and anything clicking.''
Colorado coach Tad Boyle said the win, coming in the first part of a three-game homestand that concludes with California and Stanford next week, helps position the Buffaloes for a strong finish in the season's final month.
''I've said it earlier, you can't win three in a row unless you win the first one,'' Boyle said. ''We've just got to take it as it goes but this is the time of year I think it's really important that we are emotionally, physically, mentally ready to take on all the challenges that come in February and March.
Police: Death toll rises to 12 in London blaze
The death toll in the blaze that engulfed a residential tower in west London early on Wednesday has risen to 12 and “will rise further,” Metropolitan Police Commander Stuart Cundy said. Emergency services are continuing a “long and complex operation'' in the building, and the “incredibly challenging'' task of confirming how many people are missing. “It is very, very challenging to put a number on those unaccounted for,'' Cundy told reporters.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Human-animal mutant creatures make great material for science fiction writers, but we aren't supposed to be creating them in the real world. ( YouTube )
Human-animal mutant creatures make great material for science fiction writers, but we aren't supposed to be creating them in the real world. In so many ways, the technological advancements that we have made as a society are outpacing our ability to handle those advancements, and this field is certainly a glaring example of that reality. Just because we can create human-animal hybrid chimeras does not mean we should. Genetic modification is a particularly dangerous science, because we are literally tinkering with the future of our planet. Humans and animals are two things that definitely should not mix. Unfortunately, they are being mixed, and this could have enormous implications as our society plunges into a very uncertain future.
During all of the chaos surrounding the 2016 presidential election, a stunning announcement by the National Institutes of Health went unnoticed by almost everyone. The following comes from a Huffington Post article entitled "The Island of Dr. Moreau For Real":
In August 2016, the National Institutes of Health announced that it was lifting its ban on research that introduces stem cells from humans into animal embryos. Stem cells have the ability to evolve into any human cell and can grow into any human tissue. The goal of this type of research is to grow human tissues and eventually human replacement organs in animals. What an innovative way to improve upon transplantation medicine! But to realize this potential, we would create an organism that is part animal and part human! These hybrids are the stuff of ancient mythology. These mixtures of different animals are called chimeras after the mythical ancient Greek creature that was part lion, snake and goat. One goal of today's research is to produce tissues and organs for experimentation that will improve our understanding of human disease. An alternative and longer-term goal would be to produce organs directly for human transplantation. Imagine an infinite source of human organs—one wears out and you produce a new one as a replacement.
When human stem cells are introduced into an animal embryo, that creature becomes part human.
So does a part-human creature have rights?
If so, how do those rights differ from those of a full human?
These are the kinds of questions that ethicists are starting to wrestle with.
The thought of creating human-animal hybrids just for the purpose of growing organs which will be used for medical transplants is beyond disturbing. But this is what our scientists actually intend to do.
And just this week, the National Academies of Sciences and Medicine has released a brand-new report that endorses the genetic modification of humans. The following comes from a Gizmodo article:
Today, the National Academies of Sciences and Medicine released a major new report and recommendations to ensure any such research done stateside in the future is performed responsibly and ethically. The implicit message is that whether we like it or not, a future of gene-edited humans is on its way.
Messing around with the genetic material of humans means you are literally messing around with the future of the human race.
And once this genetic material starts being passed from generation to generation, it will be impossible to put the genie back into the bottle ever again.
Fortunately, there are some experts who are extremely alarmed by this new report.
"The recommendations and conclusions of this report are unsettling and disappointing," said Marcy Darnovsky, PhD, Executive Director of the Center for Genetics and Society. "Although they're couched in apparently cautionary language, they actually constitute a green light for proceeding with efforts to modify the human germline — that is, to engineer the genes and traits that are passed on to future children and generations."
Hopefully the scientific community will listen to people like Dr. Darnovsky before things get wildly out of control.
There are some scientists out there who actually want to "enhance" humans by introducing genetic material from animals. The theory is that introducing genetic material from animals could give us "super sight" or "super strength" or other extraordinary powers. This is the kind of thing that researchers such as Steve Quayle and Tom Horn have been warning about for years. In the future, we could literally have a creature that is 60 percent human and 40 percent bear for example. How would we treat such a creature?
And as such creatures became more numerous, how would they treat us?
If you think such a thing could never happen, just consider 10 examples of creatures science is already creating:
advertisement
#1 Genetically modified cattle with human DNA
#2 Rats with human kidneys
#3 Human-mouse hybrids with freakishly large brains
#4 Humanized milk-producing goats
#5 Mice with human anal sphincters
#6 Rabbit Eggs with human cells
#7 Pigs with human blood
#8 Sheep with human livers
#9 Cow eggs with human cells
#10 Cat-human hybrid proteins
How human does a creature have to be before it has a human soul?
Somebody better start asking questions like this, because we are playing God and tinkering with things we do not fully understand.
We have already gone way too far, but scientists all over the globe continue to press on even farther. Even if we were to completely ban this kind of "research" in the United States, it would still progress in other industrialized nations all over the planet.
The genetic modification of humans and animals is part of a larger trend we are currently witnessing. In the scientific community, there is a tremendous amount of excitement about the fact that humans can finally "take control of their own evolution." Many scientists believe we can use various forms of technology to give ourselves superhuman powers and radically extend our lifespans. And as technology continues to increase at an exponential rate, these scientists believe we will be able to ultimately create a "post-human society" where all sickness, disease, poverty and war are eradicated.
So they aren't concerned about the potential dangers of these new technologies because they believe we are right on the verge of achieving immortality and transforming this planet into a technological utopia that will be perfect in every way.
In other words, they believe humanity will no longer need "god" because we will be our own gods.
Unfortunately for all the rest of us, in their relentless pursuit of this very foolish dream they are racing toward genetic Armageddon and they are opening up a Pandora's box of horrors that they simply do not understand.
Michael Snyder is the founder and publisher of End Of The American Dream. Michael's controversial new book about Bible prophecy entitled "The Rapture Verdict" is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.
Leaders are readers! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1. Get Ministry Today, Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $24. YES - Sign me up!
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Click Here to draw closer to God!
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
We created 35,000 jobs in five years, Imo gov recalls
Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State yesterday said his administration had offered 35,000 employment opportunities to the people since assuming office in 2011. He added that approval had also been given to recruit 3,000 graduates into the civil service.
Also, new 500 kilometres of road are to be constructed in parts of the state this year.
The governor, who made the disclosures in a state-wide broadcast in Owerri, said: ‘'This year is going to be better than 2016.”
Okorocha said government would introduce a special pension scheme to enable the state effectively discharge its obligation to retirees monthly, adding that he was satisfied for paying the entitlements of the senior citizens up to 40 per cent for Levels 07- 14 and 100 per cent for Levels 01-06 as at last month.
He noted that the scheme has become imperative
In view of the state's N1.4 wage bill.
Okorocha relished the World Bank's survey which puts the poverty level in the state at 19 per cent from the 57 per cent it was in 2010 primarily due to free education. He assured investors of the security of their investments.
On the energy crisis in the land, he said focus was on providing a 24- hour power supply and internet services in the state in the first and second quarters to crystallise job creation. He added that 450 storey buildings had been executed, even as he revealed that the administration's urban renewal programme would shift to Okigwe and Orlu zones, having given Owerri a facelift.
He boasted that ‘'a brand-new city of Owerri will emerge” at the completion of the urban renewal exercise.
Okorocha said all headquarters of the state's 27 local councils had been renovated and furnished with Information Communication Technology (ICT) centres, places of worship as well as tourist sites and a 200- bed general hospitals each.
Imo Air, the governor stated, would create jobs and boost the economy of the state.
Three tunnels, he disclosed, had been completed in the capital city with 800 kilometers of rural roads built.
‘'We have given to Imo people, the capital they deserve,'' he maintained.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Estranged hubby beats wife, “abducts” son
The man pleaded not guilty to the charges.
The post Estranged hubby beats wife, “abducts” son appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Every time a deer wonders into our backyard, my daughter and her Chiweenie go crazy. When the hummingbirds visit, they're entranced. Bumblebees, butterflies, chipmunks, birds and squirrels captivate their curiosity.
Vayda is so interested in wildlife, she was thrilled to get a squirrel call for Christmas. We actually picked it out jokingly, but to our surprise, she was so excited, she ran out into the yard on Christmas morning to test it out.
We already have a bird feeder and multiple birdhouses. She's been asking for a bird bath and keeps trying to talk me into a squirrel feeder. Our backyard is destined to be a wildlife oasis. So why not incorporate the same welcoming attitude to our flower beds?
If you enjoy watching wildlife and want to make your yard a destination, your gardening habits are a good place to start.
Planting native plants
If you're trying to attract local wildlife, incorporating native plant species into your garden is key. The animals around your house are best adapted to, and likely reliant on, the plant varieties that are native to your area. They provide shelter and more productive food sources for local wildlife. Additionally, native plants will probably grow better than ornamentals because they are more suited to the area.
Choosing flowers
There are a few things to consider when selecting native varieties for your garden.
Food for thought. Providing a food source will certainly attract wildlife. Planting a variety of flowers with abundant pollen and nectar will attract a number of pollinators. You can enhance this by providing host plants for feeding butterfly and moth caterpillars. Inadvertently, you will also attract the animals that feed on the larvae of these pollinators. The same concept works for larger wildlife. Planting trees that offer a food source will attract the wildlife that feed off of them or seek shelter within their branches. Find more information on critter-friendly trees, here.
Seasonal planting. The next thing you want to consider is seasonal planting to ensure your grand is blooming throughout the growing season, providing a constant food source.
Diversity. You can attract a wider range of wildlife by choosing plants with many different colors and shapes.
Gardening for specific wildlife. Different wildlife have different needs and habits. If you want to attract a specific variety, you'll probably need to do some research ahead of time to become more intimately acquainted with that animal's needs. Check out How to garden for pollinators, How to plant a hummingbird garden and How to create a butterfly garden for gardening tips more specific to those varieties.
Wildlife gardening tips
Plant clusters. Planting clusters instead of individual or alternating plant species make food and shelter easier for wildlife to find. By grouping large patches of shapes and colors together, you'll have an easier time attracting wildlife and you'll improve their foraging efficiency.
Pruning. Prune your plants regularly to encourage flower production.
Don't mind the mess
Mess. Although it may not be preferable, wildlife love a mess. Dead or dying trees are sought out by some animals for shelter and others for food. Butterflies and moths like to be sheltered from the wind by small piles of branches. Nesting bees will seek shelter in hollow twigs, logs with holes, stumps, old rodent burrows and fallen plant material if its laying around. And the list goes on… So consider losing up on your expectations of a tidy garden.
Let the sun in
Many animals rely on the sun to be active, so give them a place to bask. Sunlight will also improve the productivity of your garden. Flowering plants need sunlight to produce nectar.
Water
Just like sources of food and shelter, water sources will attract wildlife out of necessity.
Avoid pesticides
Herbicides and insecticides are dangerous for wildlife. They can be ingested when wildlife come to your garden to feed on plants, insects or nectar. They can also be harmful to native plants, which will ultimately eliminate food sources in your garden.
Resources
EVANSTON, Ill. — Penn State coach James Franklin sees the talent Northwestern has and the success the Wildcats have experienced under Pat Fitzgerald.
That's why he sees potential trouble for the Nittany Lions.
No. 4 Penn State looks to remain unbeaten and in line for a playoff spot when it visits Northwestern on Saturday.
“I think whenever you're at an academic school like Northwestern … everybody just likes the story to be that you don't have the same type of athletes,” said Franklin, who coached Vanderbilt before taking the Penn State job in 2014. “I don't know if I necessarily would agree with that.”
The Nittany Lions (5-0, 2-0 Big Ten) have been rolling along, racking up more points and yards than any other team in the Big Ten except Ohio State. They are also allowing a league-low 9.4 points.
Running back Saquon Barkley keeps padding his Heisman Trophy resume. Trace McSorley so far is the Big Ten's leading passer.
Four of Penn State's wins were by at least comfortable margins. The exception came at Iowa two weeks ago, when Juwan Johnson caught a 7-yard TD pass as time expired to give the Nittany Lions a 21-19 victory.
Yet if Franklin is feeling a little uneasy, the reasons go beyond his 0-3 record against Northwestern (2-2, 0-1). That includes two losses coaching Penn State.
“I think they are a blue-collar (team), hard-nosed, tough, smart and talented in my opinion, and that's why they are a tough out because they have all the necessary ingredients to be successful,” he said.
Northwestern finished strong after a 1-3 start last year and finds itself hoping to do the same this time. The Wildcats lost 33-24 at Wisconsin last week after a rally came up short.
Here are some things to know as the Nittany Lions try to stay unbeaten while the Wildcats look to pull off a surprising win:
DO IT ALL
Tops in the nation at 243.6 all-purpose yards per game, Barkley has been doing it all for Penn State. He has scored rushing, receiving and return touchdowns, and he ran back the opening kickoff 98 yards for a score against Indiana last week.
“He's got great vision, he's got great balance, he's got great speed, and he's got great toughness,” Fitzgerald said. “Amazing vision, and he's just durable, he's tough. And then he catches the ball the same way; he returns the ball the same way.”
RECORD IN REACH
With 4,402 yards rushing, Northwestern's Justin Jackson needs 83 to tie Damien Anderson's school record.
“Everyone keeps bringing it up a lot,” he said. “Our goals as a team are to win the Big Ten West and obviously last week wasn't what we wanted.”
Jackson ran for 25 yards against Wisconsin after missing practice all week because of a leg injury.
“He's obviously a really good running back,” Penn State defensive end Ryan Buchholz said. “He has good size and speed for that offence, and the offensive line moves really well.”
GESICKI UPDATE
Star tight end Mike Gesicki apparently will be available for Penn State. Franklin said he expects him to play after he left last week's game with an upper body injury. He exited after taking a hard hit following a short reception in the second quarter against Indiana.
TOUGH STRETCH
Penn State is off next week. After that comes a tough combo: The Nittany Lions host Michigan on Oct. 21 and visit Ohio State on the 28th.
SHAKY HAND
Northwestern quarterback Clayton Thorson completed a career-high 29 passes for 219 yards and three touchdowns against Wisconsin. But he also got picked off twice. Thorson has almost as many interceptions (five) as touchdown passes (seven).
—-
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org/ and http://www.Twitter.com/AP–Top25
Another Clare All-Ireland winner calls it a day 06 October 2017
Colin Ryan of Clare ©INPHO/Cathal Noonan Colin Ryan of Clare ©INPHO/Cathal Noonan
Clare's Colin Ryan has announced his inter-county retirement at the age of 29.
His retirement comes in the same week as fellow 2013 Liam MacCarthy Cup winner Brendan Bugler also called it a day. Ryan took an indefinite break from the Clare panel this year, citing a loss of appetite for inter-county hurling after a decade playing at the highest level. A former Portsmouth triallist, he resumed his soccer career with his local club Newmarket Celtic and won an Oscar Traynor Cup medal with the Clare junior team in May.
It was hoped that the Newmarket-on-Fergus sharpshooter would return to the Banner hurling fold in 2018, but he confirmed today via Twitter that wouldn't be happening.
Colin Ryan lifts the Liam MacCarthy Cup on the steps of the Hogan Stand in 2013. ©INPHO/James Crombie.
The highlight of his inter-county career came in 2013 when he helped Clare to a surprise All-Ireland win. He finished the championship as top scorer with 0-70 to his credit, including 0-7 in the All-Ireland final replay victory over Cork.
Ryan is also the holder of Allianz League and All-Ireland U21 medals.
OTTAWA — A Liberal MP who is facing an allegation of assault after a weekend visit to a Halifax bar is speaking out, calling the whole thing a case of mistaken identity.
Francis Drouin, who represents the eastern Ontario riding of Glengarry-Prescott-Russell, has issued a statement detailing his version of what happened in Halifax in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Drouin says that while he was chatting with friends, he heard a woman shouting from another part of the bar that her buttocks had been grabbed — and that the comments were not directed at him.
He says he then shouted for the man allegedly involved in the incident to be evicted from the bar.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Record low temperatures and unseasonable rainfall over the past week were a glimpse into the potential, intensifying effects of climate change in Cambodia, experts said, a phenomenon that studies suggest could seriously hinder future agricultural productivity through flooding, unpredictable rains and warming of up to 5 degrees Celsius by 2050.
Khieng Sochivy, manager of the NGO Forum SYD, which focuses on human rights and climate change, said heavy rain over Khmer New Year was an occurrence he had never before seen.
“I live in Cambodia almost 50 years. This year…looks like rainy season,” he said. “This is already a sign of climate change.”
Evidence confirming his belief is growing. A 2014 research project examining the impact of climate change on the Lower Mekong region found “the annual temperature…could increase as much as 3°C to 5°C [by 2050] and cause dramatic changes in the ability of certain crops, fish, and livestock species to be productive.”
The eastern plains of Cambodia are given special mention, and are forecast to experience the country's highest surge in temperatures, of up to 5 degrees Celsius. This will inhibit the region's ability to grow cassava, soybeans and maize, the study says.
A report by the German Society for International Cooperation, released in February, found about half of Cambodia's roughly 9 million economically active citizens rely on agriculture for income and food security. All of them are potentially exposed to the consequences of changing weather, the report says.
Those consequences include drought, flooding, unpredictable rains and tropical storms, all of which impinge on agricultural productivity, according to the report.
For Touch Vannay, a 45-year-old tuk tuk driver whose family owns about 2 hectares of rice fields in Prey Veng province, the heavy rains are already a concern.
“The rain came really early this year,” Mr. Vannay said. “[In Prey Veng] we have had flooding.”
Mr. Vannay said that his family members, who live and cultivate rice fields in Ba Phnom district's Rong Damrei commune, were worried because early rain makes crops susceptible to armyworms. The destructive pest thrives in periods of drought followed by heavy rain, according to Australia's Department of Agriculture and Fisheries.
“It is very unpredictable,” Mr. Vannay said.
Can Vichet, the program manager for the Cambodia Climate Change Network, said that Cambodia's agriculture sector is susceptible to climate change due the country's lack of irrigation infrastructure and reliance on erratic monsoon rains.
“Most farmers fail to cultivate because they rely 100 percent on the rain,” he said. “Currently, irrigation systems are not considered adequate.”
Cambodian farmers are beholden to planting seeds at traditional periods of the year, the legacy of a bygone era when rains were supposedly more predictable in their cycle, he said.
“Traditionally, farmers plant their rice crop in May. If it doesn't rain, then their entire crop is wasted, and they lose all the money they paid for the seed and materials,” he said.
Domestic climate change is not the only factor creating a tough commercial environment for the country's farmers. In August and September, a sudden slump in global rice prices created a crisis in which Cambodian farmers struggled to turn a profit on their crop, with many unable to sell at all.
Following farmer protests, Prime Minister Hun Sen sanctioned an emergency $27 million cash injection for the rice sector, even appealing to the country's more monied citizens to buy large volumes of Cambodian rice to help the industry get back on its feet.
The episode is indicative of a wider problem within the agricultural sector, which has deviated from growth to stagnancy over the last 14 years.
After steady expansion of 5.8 percent each year from 2003 to 2013, the country witnessed sluggish growth of less than 1 percent through 2015, contributing zero to GDP growth, according to World Bank data.
A new World Bank report, published on Thursday, found that agricultural performance improved slightly last year, with rice yields increasing 8.9 percent from the year before, largely due to settled weather, the report says.
Miguel Sanchez Martin, Cambodia's senior country economist for the World Bank, said that climate change was not specific to Cambodia, and that the issue would continue to threaten the country and required action.
“It is not an immediate risk, but it needs to be addressed soon,” Mr. Sanchez Martin said. “Cambodia should look to increase productivity and diversify crops…and improve irrigation,” he said, adding that despite a boost in yield last year, a drop in global commodity prices had affected growth and would continue to pose future risk if the recommended steps were not taken.
One possible challenge to boosting productivity is that higher temperatures have been shown to affect more than just rain cycles, also potentially worsening the working conditions and productivity of millions of the country's agricultural workers.
A study into the effect of heat stress on sugarcane workers in Kompong Cham province, currently undergoing peer review, found that a temperature increase of less than 2 degrees Celsius decreased worker productivity by 42 percent, due in large part to heat exhaustion.
Kongkea Phan, who is dean of the science and technology faculty at Phnom Penh International University and led the research, said that the study signposted a potentially huge problem if the climate warms over the next 30 years as expected.
“The study can apply to rice, sugarcane and cassava workers, as the workers are out in the sun all day,” Mr. Phan said, adding that more data was needed to help inform government policy on how to improve Cambodian agriculture's economic viability and health guidelines.
Lord Reasmey, spokesman for the Agriculture Ministry, said he was aware of the country's climate change problems, and that the ministry had plans in place to try and negate repercussions in future.
“Cambodia has experienced climate change since 2002 when there was a drought due to an El Nino,” Mr. Reasmey said, referring to the El Nino weather system, which oscillates and therefore temporarily shifts climate patterns. The extent of the shift determines the weather in the Pacific Ocean and countries along the equator, including Cambodia.
Mr. Reasmey added that the government had initiated a climate change action plan that included public information campaigns, research into drought resistant seeds and a bid to diversify the country's crops.
“[We are] increasing awareness of the risk in the agricultural sector to our people and making them understand about climate change,” he said.
Mr. Vichet, of the Cambodian Climate Change Network, said the government, possibly through the Water Resources and Meteorology Ministry, would do better at informing farmers about the optimum time to plant their crops.
Mr. Sochivy, of Forum SYD, agreed, but also acknowledged that the Agriculture Ministry and National Committee for Disaster Management had disseminated information to increase awareness.
“The people have more knowledge about climate change…but they still lack the ability to transform their activities, and need help from the relevant authorities,” he said.
(Additional reporting by Ouch Sony and Phan Soumy)
stevens@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CAPE GIRARDEAU, Mo. — Averyl Ugba tossed in 28 points and grabbed eight rebounds, Terry Taylor posted a double-double and Austin Peay cruised to a 96-81 victory over Southeast Missouri State on Saturday.
Taylor, a freshman who finished with 19 points and 12 rebounds for his 10th double-double, buried a 3-pointer on the game's first shot. Ugba scored the next 14 points for the Governors (14-10, 9-3 Ohio Valley Conference), who jumped out to a 17-9 lead on their way to a third straight win. Zach Glotta hit three 3-pointers and scored 19 and Dayton Gumm hit both of his 3-pointers and scored 14. Austin Peay shot 58 per cent from distance (11 of 19).
Ugba and Glotta combined for 27 first-half points, but Denzel Mahoney scored 12 of his team-high 20 points and Ray Kowalski scored all 11 of his points to help the Redhawks (10-15, 4-8) pull within 51-49 at halftime.
Southeast Missouri State whittled the lead down to two points on three straight possessions early in the second half, but Gumm's 3-pointer ignited a 15-2 run and Austin Peay stayed comfortably in front from there. The Governors already have their most conference wins since the 2010-11 season and they are 2-0 in February for the first time since 2007-08.
LOS ANGELES — Costa Rican international Marco Urena accounted for the first two goals in Los Angeles FC pre-season history Friday as the expansion franchise club tied MLS champion Toronto FC 2-2.
The game pitted Toronto captain Michael Bradley against his father, AFC head coach Bob Bradley.
“All in all, not bad,” Bob Bradley said of his team's performance.
“There's a lot of work to do still,” he added.
Tsubasa Endoh and Sebastian Giovinco scored for Toronto, which led 1-0 and 2-1. Urena pulled LAFC even for the second time in the 84th minute.
The game, which saw both teams field younger lineups in the first half before turning to senior players in the second, was played at UCLA.
“It was a good day. We got a lot of guys minutes,” said Toronto coach Greg Vanney.
Toronto returns home Saturday before leaving heading south again Tuesday to continue training camp in Mexico.
Hamas on Monday denied Israeli allegations that it is burrowing terror tunnels underneath the homes of civilians in Gaza, saying they are "lies and rumors".
The IDF and the Israel Security Agency (ISA or Shin Bet) last week exposed significant infrastructures belonging to Hamas in Gaza, including terrorist tunnels intended to be used as hideouts for terrorists and for the transfer of weapons.
BBNaija 2019: Bobrisky, Speed Darlington And Roman Goddess Listed As Proposed Candidates
Photo circulating on social media is a comprised list of proposed housemates for Big Brother Naija 2019,I swear all the housemates will either go home with leaking… Or join the Vaseline crew with Romangoddess available, her strategic partner will have a good time, as for Hushpuppi the spoon, boxers, slippers and Cloths he will wear […]
The post BBNaija 2019: Bobrisky, Speed Darlington And Roman Goddess Listed As Proposed Candidates appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The following organizations are in need of helping hands:
BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS OF THE LEHIGH VALLEY, Allentown. Volunteers needed to help with their Corner Store Country Run between 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Sept. 8-9 at Lehigh University Goodman Campus-Rauch Field House. Also help is needed with registration, water stops along the trail, finish line and carnival booths. Sign up at www.cornerstoreallentown.racesonline.com.
CEDARBROOK NURSING HOME, Allentown. Volunteer gift shop attendant needed from 12:30 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. every Monday afternoon. Help is needed assisting residents, staff, and visitors with purchases in a small gift shop. Cashier experience is helpful, but training will be given. Contact: Kerry Magliane, 610-336-5684 or email kerrymagliane@lehighcounty.org.
COMMUNITY SERVICES FOR CHILDREN, Allentown. Classroom and SafeStart volunteers are needed. Classroom assistants will work with preschool-aged children (ages 3-5) in assisting a teacher with daily classroom activities. Volunteers needed one, two, or all five days a week. SafeStart Volunteers will work with children from birth to 3-years-old year-round in a child care setting. All volunteers must participate in orientation, supervision and evaluation. Various background checks and tests are required. Contact: Stacy Perlaki at 610-437-6000, ext: 2113 or email sperlaki@cscinc.org.
HABITAT FOR HUMANITY RESTORE, Whitehall. Volunteer ages 18 and older are needed at the ReStore to help organize inventory, provide customer service, and mix paint. Shifts are available morning and afternoon hours Tuesday to Saturday. Contact: Camille@habitatlv.org.
LILY'S HOPE FOUNDATION, Upper Saucon Township. Volunteers needed 8 a.m. to noon Oct. 14 for the Lily's Loop 5K Family Fun Run, Walk, or Stroll at the Valley Preferred Cycling Center. Register online www.eventbrite.com. Volunteers also needed to form teams, participate in fundraising and obtain sponsors. Funds support families with urgent and unexpected needs due to premature birth.
MEALS ON WHEELS OF LEHIGH COUNTY, Allentown. Volunteer ages 18 and older needed to go grocery shopping for home-bound senior citizens and the disabled in a Lehigh County area of their choice. Flexible weekly, biweekly, or monthly scheduling. A 40-minute orientation is required on Aug. 16 and Aug. 25 or contact Lindsay Fly at 610-841-7132 or lfly@mealsonwheelslc.org.
SACRED HEART HOSPITAL, Allentown. Volunteers needed to help at the gift shop, running errands, assisting patients/visitors or greeting folks in the short-procedure waiting room. Training will be provided. Contact Beth Fogel at 610-776-5413, bfogel@shh.org.
ST. LUKE'S UNIVERSITY HEALTH NETWORK, Quakertown. Volunteers needed for new gift shop, providing a "warm, welcoming" environment while assisting customers making selections and completing sales. Shifts are from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Monday to Friday and student volunteers are welcome from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. daily. Contact: 484-526-4600.
For more information, contact: 610-807-0336, vc@volunteerlv.org or visit volunteerlv.org.
LOS ANGELES — One person was fatally shot at the scene of a house fire early Tuesday and a suspect was arrested after holing himself up for two hours inside the burned home south of downtown Los Angeles, authorities said.
Firefighters heard gunshots after quickly knocking down the flames in the two-story structure shortly around 4:30 a.m. in the Harbor Gateway neighbourhood, Fire Department officials said.
Police and sheriff's deputies set up a perimeter and evacuated nearby homes during a standoff with the suspect.
Police Officer Chris No confirmed one fatality in the shooting but didn't know whether the victim was a man or woman.
The suspect appeared to have suffered a self-inflicted gunshot wound and was taken into custody shortly before 7 a.m., officials said.
There were no reports of injuries to firefighters or police officers.
Four adults and a child were displaced by the blaze, and the American Red Cross was sent to assist them, according to fire officials.
The Wichita County Medical Alliance wants the park to look like a piece of art when kids are playing on it. (Source: KAUZ)
The safest materials and latest technology were used to construct the playground. (Source: KAUZ)
The Wichita County Doctors Alliance has been working many months on the playground. (Source: KAUZ)
A new playground for kids is now open at Hamilton Park in Wichita Falls, a project the Wichita County Doctors Alliance spent many months working on.
President of the group, Sorin Pojoga said hundreds of hours went into the type of playground they wanted.
They chose the safest materials using the latest technology. They include covers that provide UV protection and a soft surface in case kids fall.
Pojoga and Wichita County Doctors Alliance President-In-Waiting Amber Schacter said this is what they envisioned when they thought of the idea.
"We built this playground next to the Doctor's Park where we have planted more than 100 trees to honor the physicians who retired or passed away in our community," Pojoga said.
"When children weren't playing on it, it was important to us for it to be something that really incorporated imaginative play and showed what a forward-thinking innovative community Wichita Falls really is," Schacter said.
It's the first playground of it's kind in all of North Texas.
Schacter said none of it would have been possible without the help of their local partners like United Regional, The Shoe Closet, Parker Square, the physician's families, well as the cooperation and support off all the city leaders.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing his resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Even in surrender, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is going out fighting.
When he steps down Friday, the former Navy SEAL officer will be conceding political defeat amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations while still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
He's even hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during his resignation announcement Tuesday that "this is not the end of our fight." But political analysts say the man who had aspirations of becoming president could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where he would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
Greitens' resignation comes just two weeks after a speech in which he recalled his grueling SEAL training and asserted he would never stop fighting. But his departure was days in the making, as Greitens wrestled with mounting legal bills and the emotional pressures of defending against possible impeachment and a criminal trial.
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dismissed a felony charge accusing Greitens of tampering with computer data for providing his political fundraiser with the donor list of a veterans' charity he founded. The dropped charge was the result of a deal proposed Saturday by Greitens' defense attorneys offering his resignation in exchange, said Gardner spokeswoman Susan Ryan.
The governor on Saturday also called Republican consultant Jeff Roe, who headed Greitens' aggressive public relations campaign, to inform Roe that he had decided to resign. Greitens' legal bills had grown to a couple of million dollars, and his campaign staffers also were facing legal bills because of subpoenas from a House investigation.
Though Greitens had believed he could beat both a criminal charge and impeachment, "he couldn't see the end without an immense financial and personal price to pay," Roe told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said she would be open to voting for Greitens again if he sought to re-enter politics.
"I can't fault him for giving up. So much money, so much stress, such strain on his young family. You can't deal with such hate," said Nelson, of Platte City.
Political science professor Jeremy Walling, of Southeast Missouri State University, said Greitens' pledge to keep fighting seemed to be "some face-saving."
Walling said several factors would make a political revival tougher for Greitens than for other scandal-plagued politicians. He said Greitens lacks deep support among Missouri's Republican power brokers, and his acknowledged extramarital affair included claims of sexual misconduct. The allegations also extended to political fundraising violations.
"I think a comeback is going to be kind of difficult for this guy," Walling said.
Gardner, the St. Louis prosecutor, said her decision to drop the data-tampering charge against Greitens was no indication that she believed he was innocent.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," said Gardner, a Democrat.
Had the governor been convicted, Gardner said, it was unlikely that he would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge he faced and the fact that he would be a first-time offender.
Greitens' attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in her office from civil liability.
Former Missouri Supreme Court Chief Justice Michael Wolff said the agreement between Greitens' attorneys and Gardner's office is highly unusual because it protects Gardner and her staff from being sued for their actions and because Greitens did not have to plead guilty to any lesser charge.
"Here's a guy who gets to get out of a felony charge just by agreeing to quit his job," Wolff said. "Most people don't get this deal."
Jean Paul Bradshaw II, a former U.S. attorney for western Missouri, said the agreement to drop the case represents a "fair resolution" because Greitens' resignation accomplished "the greatest public benefit" possible.
The governor also was indicted on an invasion-of-privacy charge in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking the photo of the woman who had been his hairdresser during their affair in 2015, before he was elected. That charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
Martin said he expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but he offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal," Martin said.
Though Greitens had apparently decided to resign days earlier, he began the week as though he would continue his fight. On Monday, he spoke with attorney Catherine Hanaway about her legal defense of Greitens' campaign, which already had turned over thousands of documents to a House investigatory committee.
On Tuesday morning, a Cole County judge ordered the campaign and a pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri to comply with a House subpoena seeking more records about potential coordination between the nonprofit organization, Greitens and his campaign. The judge said the names of any donors to A New Missouri could be redacted.
House Speaker Todd Richardson said Wednesday that he didn't know whether the House still has the power or desire to enforce the subpoena now that Greitens is resigning.
Hanaway described the judicial ruling as "pretty innocuous," adding that she did not think the order "had any effect on the decision" to resign.
Roe said Greitens had been prepared for a two-stage fight. He was first focused on the invasion-of-privacy charge, which was dropped during jury selection. Greitens had hoped to be acquitted, which Roe said would have allowed him to mount a full defense against the potential House impeachment proceedings. But the specter of those charges being refiled hampered what Greitens could say and do on both fronts, Roe said.
Roe also said it appeared likely that the House would vote to impeach Greitens, a step that would have prolonged his fight for several more months until a trial could be held on whether to remove him from office.
"The human and financial toll was too great," Roe said. "And it was going to go on for too long."
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Blake Nelson in Jefferson City and John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
One Direction star Liam Payne is reportedly planning to put his eight million pounds worth mansion in Los Angeles for rent.
According to The Sun newspaper, Payne, who welcomed his a son with girlfriend Cheryl last month, is already making grand plans for his family, reports dailymail.co.uk.
The 23-year-old is said to be planning to settle down at his home in Sussex with his family.
Payne bought his Los Angeles pad in 2015.
He will reportedly make around 32,000 pounds a month in rent for the five bedroom, eight-bathroom mansion.
The property boasts a number of unique features including a mediation teahouse in the five acre ground, a private vineyard and even a Koi Pond.
SALT LAKE CITY — A judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a Utah Muslim leader who said he was wrongly placed on a government watch list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with his family last summer.
The lengthy screening process undergone by Yussuf Abdi on flights since the trip is inconvenient but not unconstitutional, U.S. District Judge Dee Benson wrote in the decision Monday.
While the right to travel is protected by the Constitution, “the Supreme Court has not recognized a right to convenient or unimpeded travel,” Benson wrote.
Lawyers for Abdi, an imam and U.S. citizen, said the screening is more than an inconvenience. They haven't decided if they'll appeal the ruling.
“As Yussuf Abdi's experience makes clear, being on a terrorist watch list can separate citizens from their families,” attorney Gadeir Abbas said Tuesday.
The lawsuit helped bring Abdi home from Kenya last year, and air travel has been easier for him since the case was filed, Abbas said.
The suit was filed after Abdi went to Kenya to bring back his wife and five children, who had received visa approval to join him in the U.S.
Abdi was initially blocked from boarding the plane back to the U.S. but was eventually allowed to return two days later, after his lawyers went to court and the U.S. attorney's office in Utah intervened on his behalf.
Since then, he's taken three trips, including a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia, and been subjected to long security checks that indicate he's on a government list of people identified for extra scrutiny, according to court documents.
The lawsuit alleged Abdi was added to a watch list in 2014 that let him fly but required extra security measures. He asked to be removed, arguing he had no criminal record and no reason to be on the list.
Abdi has lived in Utah for six years and is the imam of Salt Lake City's Madina Masjid Islamic Center.
Vincent Bolloré Held by French Police Over Alleged Corruption – Wall Street Journal
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Jurgen Klopp was left disappointed with the referee's decisions after Liverpool were held to a 2-2 draw with Sunderland.
The Reds boss, who saw his side twice take the lead before they were pegged back by the Black Cats, bemoaned the decision to award Sunderland a second half free-kick which ultimately led to the award of the second penalty.
Klopp also claimed his side lost concentration in what was a “difficult” battle against David Moyes' side.
Speaking to the press after the game, Klopp said: “I felt we started really well then we lost concentration, that's not usual for us but has of course happened before.
“It could be because of the fixtures, but I'm not sure.
“It's always difficult against Sunderland at home as they have a good transition game, especially between Defoe and Borini.
“Second half, again, we dominated the game and we scored the second goal which felt good and deserved.”
The final goal of the game, which saw Jermain Defoe convert a spot kick after Seb Larsson's free-kick was handled in the box, is a contentious one for Klopp.
While he doesn't disagree with the handball decision, he was less than pleased with the initial free-kick awarded to Sunderland.
"I would say it's no foul for the free-kick (which led to Sunderland's second penalty),” he added.
“I've seen it again and there's no contact.
“It's then handball and 2-2, that's it. I have to be honest, it doesn't feel good."
GAZA, Palestinian Territory — A Gaza health official says the death of a 9-month-old girl remains under investigation, two weeks after a medical official cast doubt on claims she died from Israeli tear gas.
A medical report issued on May 14, the day of Layla Ghandour's death, and seen by The Associated Press makes no mention of tear gas. It says she suffered from a congenital heart defect and died after her blood circulation and respiratory system stopped.
Dozens of Palestinians were killed that day by Israeli fire and hundreds were hurt, including by tear gas, in Gaza border protests. Layla's relatives claimed she was at the scene of the protests.
Health Ministry spokesman Ashraf al-Kidra said Wednesday that her death remains under investigation. The ministry initially announced she was killed by tear gas.
APOLLO BEACH, Fla. (WFLA) – Deputies said the deaths of an Apollo Beach couple found shot inside their home Friday have been ruled a murder-suicide,
The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office responded to reports of gunshots at 1022 Spindle Palm Way.
Upon arrival to the home, deputies found the bodies of 61-year-old Miroslaw Rosa and his wife, 47-year-old Beata Rosa.
Deputies said Miroslaw Rosa shot and killed his wife before turning the gun on himself.
The couple was pronounced dead at the scene.
No other suspects are sought in this matter.
NAPLES, Italy — Napoli full back Faouzi Ghoulam has had a third operation on his right knee but the Algeria international should be fit to take part in pre-season training.
Ghoulam missed most of last season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his knee in November and fracturing his kneecap in training in February.
There were fears he had another problem after his knee swelled up on holiday recently and Ghoulam underwent further tests earlier this week.
On Wednesday Napoli says Ghoulam had “a small operation to remove the metal pin in his right patella.”
It adds: “Ghoulam will follow a personalized training schedule next week.”
Dino Melaye foiled attempt by Kogi govt to kill him – Media aide speaks on lawmaker's escape
The Special Adviser to Senator Dino Melaye, Gideon Ayodele on Tuesday faulted reports that his principal jumped out of a moving vehicle in an attempt to stop police move to take him to Lokoja, the Kogi State capital. Ayodele in a statement titled ‘Today's Incident Involving Senator Dino Melaye: A Last Resort', noted that it […]
Dino Melaye foiled attempt by Kogi govt to kill him – Media aide speaks on lawmaker's escape
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DALLAS — Authorities say police in Dallas have captured a 35-year-old suspect in the fatal shooting of three people in a Houston home.
Jeffery Noble was booked late Sunday into the Dallas County jail and is being held on a charge of capital murder. Online jail records don't indicate whether he has an attorney.
The Harris County sheriff's office on Monday confirmed Noble's arrest but didn't offer details.
Investigators say Noble was seen leaving the scene of Friday's shooting.
Authorities identified the victims as 67-year-old Robert Sciandra, 22-year-old Jessica Sciandra and 25-year-old Jordan Michael Collier. The relationship between Robert and Jessica Sciandra wasn't immediately clear.
Another woman was able to escape the home and told a neighbour to call 911.
LaVall Jordan speaks during an NCAA college basketball news conference introducing him as the new men's head basketball coach at Butler, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- LaVall Jordan sees the evidence of Butler's success all around.
There are two Final Four banners hanging at one end of the renovated Hinkle Fieldhouse. There is a Big East banner on the opposite end, and he's certainly aware the Bulldogs are no longer America's favorite underdog. They are a regular NCAA Tournament team.
But Jordan and others have worked too long and too hard building this program to let it down now.
So the Bulldogs' new head coach made one promise to players and fans Wednesday: The old-school philosophy that turned the Bulldogs from also-rans into consistent winners will remain intact during his tenure.
''Certainly it's a different place than when I played and it's a different era than when I played,'' Jordan said after his introductory news conference. ''The expectations here are great and that means you're doing well, and we intend to keep doing well. It's about values and talent and culture and we have those things here.''
Jordan became the school's fourth head coach since 2013 when he agreed to a six-year deal Monday night. Financial terms have not been released.
By hiring the 38-year-old Michigan native, Butler broke with its long-standing tradition of promoting in-house assistants. But the Bulldogs got the next best thing.
Few understand Butler's deeply rooted principles better than their former star guard and one-time assistant, who played a key role in the Bulldogs' rise to prominence.
Barry Collier, now the school's athletic director, recruited Jordan out of high school in 1997 and coached him for three seasons. Jordan finished his college career playing for Thad Matta.
In addition to becoming a two-time all-conference guard and the 2001 conference tourney MVP, Jordan played in two NCAA Tournaments and helped lead the Bulldogs to a postseason win in 2001 - their first tourney victory in 39 years.
After spending two years playing in Europe and the NBA D-League, Jordan returned to campus in 2003-04 as Butler's director of basketball operations. He was promoted to assistant the following season, where he worked with Brad Stevens, and was still around when the Bulldogs reached the Sweet 16 in 2007.
He then followed coach Todd Lickliter to Iowa before landing on John Beilein's staff at Michigan in 2010-11.
Along the way, Jordan learned about the business side of big-time college basketball.
He lost his job after three straight losing seasons in Iowa City and emerged as a head coaching candidate after Michigan won two Big Ten titles and finished as the national runner-up in 2013.
But Jordan never lost sight of what he really wanted: To be Butler's head coach.
''There is a ton of emotion throughout my spirit with this move, coming back to Butler as the head coach of the men's basketball program'' Jordan said, smiling like a child on Christmas morning. ''Leading Butler basketball is absolutely a dream come true for me. And to have Coach Collier and President Jim Danko believe in me is truly an honor.''
Jordan, like many of his Butler predecessors, doesn't have a lot of experience calling shots. He led Milwaukee to an 11-24 mark and a Horizon League Tournament runner-up finish last season, his first as a head coach.
But the Bulldogs have generally made the right call when it comes to coaches.
Before taking over at Butler, Collier, Matta, Lickliter, Stevens and Brandon Miller had no head coaching experience at the college level. Chris Holtmann, who took the Ohio State job last week after leading the Bulldogs to the NCAA Tournament in all three of his seasons as head coach, was Gardner-Webb's head coach for three seasons before he joined Miller's staff in 2013-14.
Those who have watched Jordan move up the coaching ladder believe the Bulldogs have found yet another potential coaching star.
''I know it's going to happen because he not only knows the game, he knows to teach the game. He can analyze the game, and he's hungry,'' Lickliter said. ''He's great now and he's going to grow and get better every day and I think that's contagious. I think that's why our players gravitated to him.''
Butler's current players said they can already sense the passion and devotion in Jordan's eyes and words.
And they figure the best part of this coaching change is that nothing will really change because if Jordan's commitment to the essential principles he used to lay the foundation for all of those subsequent achievements.
''He's a Butler alum, he played here, he coached here, so you know he's from within the family,'' forward Kelan Martin said. ''I think it will take some time to adjust but when everything falls into place, I think it will be just fine.''
---
More AP college basketball at www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP-Top25 .
WHAT WAS SAID
“We will be saving — I don't even want to say thousands, because I think it's going to be much more, thousands and thousands, hundreds of thousands. We're going to be saving tremendous numbers of lives.”
— President Trump, speaking at the signing of “right to try” legislation on Wednesday
THE FACTS
This requires context.
The legislation that Mr. Trump signed into law on Wednesday allows terminally ill patients to seek access to experimental medicine that is not yet fully approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
Whether it will save “hundreds of thousands of lives” is a prediction that is, at best, unclear. But the effect of similar laws in some states has been muted.
A program known as compassionate use, or expanded access, has been in place since the 1970s. It allows patients with a serious disease or condition to obtain experimental medicines; the Food and Drug Administration says it authorizes 99 percent of the requests for expanded access that it receives.
The new national law — like similar laws in more than three dozen states — allows patients and doctors to ask drug companies directly for access to the experimental drugs, rather than wait for approval by the agency.
INDIANAPOLIS — Chris Ballard started collecting draft chips last month. He's hoping the Indianapolis Colts add a few more this week.
The second-year general manager is going all in on a simple, proven plan to put the Colts back on a playoff course: Draft well and develop talent from within.
“I'm stubborn in this now, I really am,” Ballard said last week. “I really believe the majority of your team needs to be built through your own guys.”
He's not bluffing, either.
After cautiously spending in free agency, he finally made a splash March 17 by sending Indy's pick, No. 3 overall, to the quarterback-needy New York Jets for the No. 6 pick, two second-round choices this year and one in 2019.
Indy how holds four picks in the top 50 this year and will have three in the first two rounds next year. Not bad for a team with so many glaring needs.
It could be just the start.
With Andrew Luck working his way back from shoulder surgery, Jacoby Brissett still on his rookie contract and four quarterbacks vying to go in the top 10 selections, Ballard could hit the jackpot if another team wants to move up.
Ballard has already said he will entertain all offers for the No. 6 pick and might even use some cards currently in his hand to get a second first-round pick.
“When we made the trade back, I thought about it and said, ‘OK, let's say two quarterbacks are gone and three premier players we have ranked. There had to be four,” Ballard said.
“So I went back and made sure we had four premium players we liked when we made the trade. Now, as we've continued to study, we've identified a couple more premium players. So if we move back, we've still got to be able to get one of those premium players.”
Ballard said the Colts have eight non-quarterbacks defined as “premium players.”
But what they need most is to start hitting on their picks.
Off-season CHANGES
Indy added tight end Eric Ebron, a first-round pick in 2014, veteran offensive lineman Matt Slauson and promising players such as defensive end Denico Autry, linebacker Najee Goode and receiver Ryan Grant in free agency.
Their biggest acquisition, though, might be new coach Frank Reich. He took over in February after Josh McDaniels backed out of a deal following the Super Bowl.
Reich has promised to bring a fun, creative offence that relies heavily on tight ends — news that should make Ebron happy.
NEW Defence
Defensive co-ordinator Matt Eberflus, who was initially hired by McDaniels, will switch to the traditional 4-3 front.
Ballard believes some of the players who can help are already on the roster.
John Simon will move from linebacker to defensive end, where he played at Ohio State. Edge rusher Terrell Basham, who played linebacker last season, also may be headed back to his old college spot on the defensive line. And Jabaal Sheard could be the biggest beneficiary by moving back to defensive end where he had his greatest NFL success.
“I think Jabaal Sheard will take off in this defence,” Ballard said.
FILLING HOLES
Indy has needs everywhere: Pass rusher, offensive line, cornerback, linebacker, running back and receiver.
So the list of possible first-round picks is long and wide. Some of the names tagged to the Colts include defensive end Bradley Chubb, running back Saquon Barkley, guard Quenton Nelson, linebackers Roquan Smith and Tremaine Edmunds among others.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Indy is rebuilding because it's made too many poor picks over the past five years.
The Colts' top pick in 2013, pass rusher Bjoern Werner, is out of the league. So is Trent Richardson, whom they got in a trade for the 2014 first-round pick. And receiver Phillip Dorsett, Indy's No. 1 pick in 2015, was traded to New England in September.
But Indy's past two first-round picks — centre Ryan Kelly and safety Malik Hooker — have both shown promise when they've stayed healthy.
Their best bargains have been defensive to end Henry Anderson and safety Clayton Geathers, mid-round picks in 2015.
——
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
In Picture: Dangote Group Executive Delegation In Hannover, Germany
On Monday 23 April 2018, Dangote Industries Limited Executive Delegation led, by GP/CE, Aliko Dangote visited Siemens Africa Booth at the ongoing Hannover Technology Fair in Germany. It is a leading global trade fair for Industrial Technology, providing insights into the wave of Industrial revolution and how it is reshaping industries of the future. Key discussions at the event centered on how Africa can ride the ongoing wave of technology enabled disruption to accelerate industrialization and deliver sustainable socio-economic development across the continent and indeed the world.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
More than 1000 householders have signed up to Alinta Energy since its promise of a 25% electricity discount for homes in the Gympie region and south-east Queensland.
MORE than 1000 householders have signed up to Alinta Energy since its promise of a 25% electricity discount for homes in the Gympie region and south-east Queensland.
Jim Galvin, Executive Director, Retail Markets, said Alinta Energy was a successful challenger brand in other states and looked forward to increasing competition in south-east Queensland.
"This overwhelming response has been even better than expected. Our experience of being a challenger brand in other states has shown that the best way to put downward pressure on electricity prices is to increase competition within a market,” Mr Galvin said.
"We're confident that our new offer is the best one available to residential and small business customers in South East Queensland and we encourage people to visit www.alintaenergy.com.au to find out how much they could save on their current electricity arrangements.
"On top of that our solar feed-in tariff of 11 cents for 24 months, coupled with the 25% discount off electricity usage charges, means we have one of the strongest offers in the market. Given the take up of solar is so high in Queensland, this is a great thing for local people.”
Though she was at the centre of a controversial nude photo leak back in 2014, Jennifer Lawrence is very much in charge of this latest shot.
The 26-year-old ‘Hunger Games' star will appear ‘nude' in the forthcoming September issue of Vogue magazine, save for a gold scarf wrapped around her leg.
It's the latest aspect of what's expected to be a wide-ranging piece on the actress, the cover story for the magazine's 125th anniversary, with pictures from legendary photographer Annie Liebowitz and Inez & Vinoodh (who snapped the ‘nude' picture for the magazine).
She even speaks about being in constant fear of being ‘blindsided' by another similar scandal in the article.
“I think people saw (the hacking) for what it was, which was a sex crime, but that feeling, I haven't been able to get rid of it,” she says.
“Having your privacy violated constantly isn't a problem if you're perfect. But if you're human, it's terrifying.
“When my publicist calls me, I'm like, ‘Oh, my God, what is it?'. Even when it's nothing. I'm always waiting to get blindsided again.”
Lawrence also discusses her relationship with director Darren Aronofsky, 48, who she began seeing after filming wrapped on their latest movie ‘mother!'.
“For the past year, I've been dealing with him as just a human. I've been in relationships before where I am just confused. And I'm never confused with him,” she says.
“We had energy… I had energy for him. I don't know how he felt about me.”
The first trailer for ‘mother!' – the small ‘m' is intentional, it seems – arrived last week, and proved just as disturbing as the peculiar, hand-painted poster which emerged earlier this year.
Starring Lawrence alongside Javier Bardem, Michelle Pfieffer, Ed Harris, and Kristen Wiig, it tells an unnerving story of a couple leading a seemingly idyllic life which is soon disrupted by unexpected visitors (there are echoes of ‘Rosemary's Baby'-style horror in spades).
It's due out on September 15.
Read more
Tom Cruise injured on Mission: Impossible set
Cameron explains why all T-800 Terminators look like Arnie
Sharon Stone posts amazing video of her Basic Instinct audition
ATLANTA — It can sometimes seem as though mass shootings are occurring more frequently. Researchers who have been studying such crimes for decades say they aren't, but they have been getting deadlier.
In the five years since a gunman killed 20 children and six adults at a Connecticut elementary school, the nation has seen a number of massacres topping the death toll from Newtown and previous mass shootings, many of them involving rifles similar to the one used in Sandy Hook.
But Americans wanting to know why deadlier mass shootings are happening will get few answers. Is it is the wide availability of firearms? Is it the much-maligned “assault weapon” with its military style? Is it a failing mental health system?
“We're kind of grabbing at straws at this point in terms of trying to understand why the severity of these incidents has increased,” said Grant Duwe, a criminologist who has been studying mass killings since the 1990s.
The federal government does little research on the matter, because a measure dating to the 1990s had the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention retreat from firearms research. Instead, a handful of academics, like Duwe, have toiled sometimes for decades with limited funding trying to better understand why these shootings happen and how to prevent them.
While mass shootings happen with regularity, they still remain so rare that there isn't enough information to draw conclusions with any certainty.
The profile of mass shooters — loners, depressed individuals, people who rarely smile or those who take to the internet to rant about a perceived insult or gripe — is so broad and common that it's impossible to pinpoint who might turn that anger into violence.
“There are lots of people who are isolated, don't have lots of friends, who don't smile and write ugly things on the internet and blame others for their misfortunes and don't want to live anymore and talk about mass killers and maybe even admire them,” said Northeastern University professor James Alan Fox, who began studying mass shootings in the 1980s and has written six books on the topic.
Five years ago this week, Adam Lanza, a troubled young man in Newtown, Connecticut, shot and killed his mother in their home and then drove to Sandy Hook Elementary School with an AR-style long gun and a handgun. He fatally shot 20 children and six educators, then himself.
In the years since, the nation has witnessed even deadlier attacks: the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando in 2016 in which a gunman killed 49 people and this year's shooting in Las Vegas, where a man in a casino hotel fired on concertgoers on the ground below, killing more than 55. This year's shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas, by an Air Force veteran who shot up a church sanctuary, killing more than two dozen, also is now among the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history.
Mass shootings are widely defined as one in which four or more people are killed in a public place, excluding both domestic violence and gang-related violence. The rate has remained steady at about 20 per year for the past three decades, Fox said. Still, five of the 10 deadliest have occurred since Sandy Hook, he said.
“Some years are worse than others, and bad years tend to be followed by not-so-bad years,” Fox said. While two of the deadliest took place this year, “you can't take the actions of one or two people and call it a new phenomenon. That's abberational. You can't make any pattern or trend based on that.”
It's also unclear whether the higher death tolls are the result of more firearms being available or firearms being more effective. Stephen Paddock, the Las Vegas shooter, used bump stocks to allow a number of his guns to mimic fully automatic weapons, but his perch high above the outdoor concert also made the shooting more effective and deadly. That's the tactic the gunman in the 1966 University of Texas at Austin shooting used when he took to a tower overlooking the campus, shooting down for more than 90 minutes.
In half of the deadliest mass shootings, the perpetrator used at least one AR-style firearm. In one, the massacre at a McDonald's in San Ysidro, California, in 1984, the shooter used an Uzi submachine gun. The others were carried out with handguns, the weapon used in the majority of mass shootings.
“Contrary to what some folks may think, the incidence of mass public shootings has not increased since Sandy Hook or even the five years before that,” Duwe said. “What has changed — and this is certainly true around the time of Sandy Hook and even since then — the severity of mass public shootings has certainly increased. That is one genuine change we've seen.”
Jillian Peterson, an assistant professor at Hamline University and a forensic psychologist who previously worked in New York crafting psychological profiles of convicted murderers facing the death penalty, recently helped launch a project designed to catalogue and analyze mass shootings dating back to the 1960s. The project is being done jointly with James Densley, an associate professor of criminal justice at Metropolitan State University.
They have no financing and are relying on about a dozen students to gather research based on public documents and media reports.
The reason why someone carries out a mass shooting has been elusive, and it's a question she hopes the research will help answer. Are mass shooters of today and future bent on outdoing previous slayings by inflicting higher death tolls? That, too, is unclear. She cautions that such questions and answers continually evolve.
“This is ever-changing,” Peterson said. “Just because we understand it today, we might not understand it tomorrow. That part gets hard. This is changing as society changes.”
Buhari appoints new Deputy DGs for NIA
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointments of Ambassador Apollonius Demenongu Agev and Kio Solomon Benibo Amieyeofori as Deputy Directors-General (DDGs) at the National Intelligence Agency (NIA). This was made known Tuesday night via a statement by Olusegun Adekunle, the Permanent Secretary (General Services) in the office of the Secretary to the Government of the […]
Buhari appoints new Deputy DGs for NIA
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Senator Dino Melaye rearrested in Hospital After attempting to Escape Police Custody in Abuja
A new video from VoiceTv Nigeria shows Senator Dino Melaye been rushed into the Zankili Medical Center, Mabuchi, today in Abuja.
﻿
According to TheCable, Melaye was reportedly being led to court by the policemen on Tuesday afternoon when he attempted to escape thereby sustaining injuries when he jumped out of a moving police vehicle.
It was gathered that the police vehicle carrying Melaye turned to an unknown location when it got to Area 1, Abuja. He was said to have immediately jumped out of the vehicle.
Addressing journalists at the hospital including TheCable, an eyewitness simply identified as Peter said:
I was there in Area 1 when the police vehicle stopped somewhere and amid the confusion, there were shouts of ‘shoot him, shoot him'. He has been saying it that they want to take his life and we can see that now. Yesterday, about 200 policemen were in house. They were there till this morning. When he came out, he told them ‘okay, I'm going to go with you people to the police station.' That he is not a criminal and that they don't even have any arrest warrant on him. But he followed them. It was later this afternoon, while he was being taken to court, around that Area 1, the crowd had gathered and the police officers were there with him. I don't know if he was pushed out of the vehicle or not but amid the confusion, they later moved him from there.
The police has now rearrested the senator, and in a statement to TheCable, said “hoodlums and miscreants in two Toyota hilux vehicles blocked the police vehicle” while Melaye was being taken to court. The statement read:
At about 12pm of today (Tuesday), Sen. Dino Melaye while in lawful custody of the Nigeria police force and being taken for arraignment in federal high court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in two Toyota hilux vehicles blocked the police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 roundabout, Abuja and in the process the senator jumped out of the police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination. The police team re-enforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where he was re-arrested. The senator would be arraigned in court without further delay. Meanwhile, one of the Toyota hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the senator has been recovered by the police investigation team. The inspector general of police has therefore directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody.
The police is yet to take Melaye away from the hospital, as he's still being treated.
Dino Melaye who is representing Kogi West District was arrested at the Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport, Abuja on Monday.
It is unclear what offence he was arrested for but the senator had been declared wanted by the police following the disappearance of some suspects who allegedly indicted him in a gunrunning case.
Melaye is yet to make any official statement through his Twitter page, on which he is usually very vocal.
The post Senator Dino Melaye rearrested in Hospital After attempting to Escape Police Custody in Abuja appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Buhari Condemns Killing of Priests, Worshippers in Benue Church
President Muhammadu Buhari has described as vile and satanic the killing of worshippers and two priests at a Catholic church in Ukpor-Mbalom community in Gwer East Local Government Area of Benue State.
In a statement by the Special Adviser on Media and publicity, Femi Adesina, the President said “I extend my sincere condolences to the government and people of Benue State, the Mbalom community, and especially the Bishop, priests and members of the St Ignatius' Catholic Church, whose premises was the unfortunate venue of the heinous killings by gunmen.
“This latest assault on innocent persons is particularly despicable. Violating a place of worship, killing priests and worshippers is not only vile, evil and satanic, it is clearly calculated to stoke up religious conflict and plunge our communities into endless bloodletting,” the President said.
Stressing that the country will not bow to the machinations of evildoers, President Buhari vowed that the assailants would be hunted down and made to pay for the sacrilege committed.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Buhari Condemns Killing of Priests, Worshippers in Benue Church appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK — Facebook has revealed for the first time just what, exactly, is banned on its service in a new Community Standards document released on Tuesday. It's an updated version of the internal rules the company has used to determine what's allowed and what isn't, down to granular details such as what, exactly, counts as a “credible threat” of violence. The previous public-facing version gave a broad-strokes outline of the rules, but the specifics were shrouded in secrecy for most of Facebook's 2.2 billion users.
Not anymore. Here are just some examples of what the rules ban. Note: Facebook has not changed the actual rules — it has just made them public.
CREDIBLE VIOLENCE
Is there a real-world threat? Facebook looks for “credible statements of intent to commit violence against any person, groups of people, or place (city or smaller).” Is there a bounty or demand for payment? The mention or an image of a specific weapon? A target and at least two details such as location, method or timing? A statement to commit violence against a vulnerable person or group such as “heads-of-state, witnesses and confidential informants, activists, and journalists” counts here too.
Also banned: instructions on “on how to make or use weapons if the goal is to injure or kill people,” unless there is “clear context that the content is for an alternative purpose (for example, shared as part of recreational self-defence activities, training by a country's military, commercial video games, or news coverage).”
HATE SPEECH
“We define hate speech as a direct attack on people based on what we call protected characteristics — race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. We also provide some protections for immigration status,” Facebook says. As to what counts as a direct attack, the company says it's any “violent or dehumanizing speech, statements of inferiority, or calls for exclusion or segregation.”
There are three tiers of severity, ranging from comparing a protected group to filth or disease to calls to “exclude or segregate” a person our group based on the protected characteristics. Facebook does note that it does “allow criticism of immigration policies and arguments for restricting those policies.”
GRAPHIC VIOLENCE
Images of violence against “real people or animals” with comments or captions that contain enjoyment of suffering, humiliation and remarks that speak positively of the violence or “indicating the poster is sharing footage for sensational viewing pleasure” are prohibited. The captions and context matter in this case because Facebook does allow such images in some cases where they are condemned, or shared as news or in a medical setting. Even then, though, the post must be limited so only adults can see them and Facebook adds a warning screen to the post.
CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION
“We do not allow content that sexually exploits or endangers children. When we become aware of apparent child exploitation, we report it to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), in compliance with applicable law. We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions; however, we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images,” Facebook says. Then, it lists at least 12 specific instances of children in a sexual context, saying the ban includes, but is not limited to these examples. This includes “uncovered female nipples for children older than toddler-age.”
ADULT NUDITY AND SEXUAL ACTIVITY
“We understand that nudity can be shared for a variety of reasons, including as a form of protest, to raise awareness about a cause, or for educational or medical reasons. Where such intent is clear, we make allowances for the content. For example, while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple, we allow other images, including those depicting acts of protest, women actively engaged in breast-feeding, and photos of post-mastectomy scarring,” Facebook says. That said, the company says it “defaults” to removing sexual imagery to prevent the sharing of non-consensual or underage content. The restrictions apply to images of real people as well as digitally created content, although art — such as drawings, paintings or sculptures — is an exception.
MADRID — The prosperous and powerful northeastern regional Catalan government says it plans to declare independence from Spain, creating Spain's gravest constitutional crisis in decades.
Here's a look at how the standoff is evolving:
——–
A BLOODIED REFERENDUM
The conflict over a self-determination vote has been dragging on for six years but Catalan separatists staged an independence referendum on Oct. 1 despite Spain's insistence it was illegal. Spanish police, following orders from a judge to prevent the referendum, clashed with voters and supporters and Catalan officials said over 900 people were injured. Videos of police pulling voters out by their hair and kicking them on stairs flashed around the world. An Interior Ministry official later apologized for the injuries but laid the blame on the Catalan government for having encouraged people to vote. Massive protests and a strike Tuesday in Catalonia were held to protest the police violence.
———-
A QUESTIONABLE RESULT
The way the independence referendum was held has raised a host of complaints about its legality and validity. As Spanish police started seizing ballot boxes, Catalan officials allowed voters to cast ballots wherever they liked. Catalan officials say the final numbers show 90 per cent of votes in favour of independence by the 2.28 million who voted — 43 per cent of the region's eligible voters. The ‘No' side received some 8 per cent of the ballots. Regional President Carles Puigdemont proclaimed a victory, saying the vote entitled Catalonia to be recognized. Spain cried foul and most governments backed it.
——
A NEW EUROPEAN STATE?
Spain — one of Europe's oldest countries — has existed with more or less the same borders for some 500 years. Catalonia has been a part of Spain since the 1497 marriage of Queen Isabel of Castille and King Ferdinand of neighbouring Aragon. But that could change Tuesday if Puigdemont and his supporters have their way. The regional leader has pledged independence will be declared within days. No one, however, seems keen to recognize Catalonia, including the European Union.
—-
SHIVERS AMONG BUSINESSES
Many companies are deciding to move their official base out of Catalonia for fear they may no longer be covered by Spanish and European Union laws and rights if Catalonia manages to secede. Companies such as Caixabank, Spain's third-largest bank by global assets, Banco Sabadell, Spain's fifth-largest bank, Gas Natural energy giant, textiles maker Dogi, reprographics company Service Point Solutions, telecommunications provider Eurona and biotech firm Oryzon Genomics have already switched their headquarters. The moves so far do not affect jobs or investments but don't send a message of confidence in the Puigdemont government.
——–
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
It's anybody's guess what might happen if the wealthy and industrial Catalonia does actually try to secede. Key issues include borders with the rest of Spain and France, its defence and foreign affairs, tax collection and management of key infrastructure such as airports, ports, rail transport and nuclear stations, most of which are controlled by Spain. The European Union has already said Catalonia would be expelled from the bloc and its shared currency, the euro, if it declared independence and would have to reapply to rejoin, a lengthy, uncertain process.
——–
REINING IN THE REBELS
On paper, Spain seems to have the upper hand. By law, it's entitled to take control of any of its regions and suspend their self-governing powers if they disobey their obligations to the state. The national parliament could declare a state of emergency in Catalonia, suspend civil rights and even impose martial law. Dialogue is a another option — which EU officials and other bodies have urged — but Spain has said Catalonia has to drop the independence idea first.
——
WHY DOES CATALONIA WANT DIVORCE NOW?
Many Catalans have long highlighted the region's differences from the rest of Spain but the latest surge for independence really began in 2010, when Spain's top court struck down key parts of a charter that would have granted Catalonia greater autonomy and recognized it as a nation within Spain. Since then, hundreds of thousands of residents come out onto the streets every Sept. 11, a Catalan holiday, to demand independence. Spain's 2008-2013 financial crisis and the harsh austerity measures that followed generated more support for secession. Catalans also complain they contribute more in taxes to the Spanish coffer than they get back.
By JENNIFER SINCO KELLEHER
Associated Press
HONOLULU (AP) - A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was "100 percent sure" at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
"Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it," he said. "I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow."
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, he said: "It's been hell for me the last couple weeks."
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counseled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
"When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message," he said.
The man said he didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, "exercise, exercise, exercise."
"I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'" he said. "I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers."
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
"The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have," retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident "shines a light" on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that he believes the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, he said. "As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate," he said.
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesman Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. He wasn't trying to impede any investigations, he said: "There really wasn't anything else to say."
___
This story has been corrected to say a co-worker took the call, not the man who sent the alert.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Attack on US lawmakers: what we know
A rifle-toting US man opened fire Wednesday at about two dozen Republican lawmakers and staff holding a baseball practice ahead of a charity game, wounding a top congressman and four others.
The shooter — identified as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson, an apparent supporter of former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders — later died of his injuries, President Donald Trump announced.
Here's what we know about the shooting:
– What happened? –
Republican lawmakers were practicing at a baseball field in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia ahead of Thursday night's annual charity game against their Democratic counterparts when Hodgkinson fired a volley of shots.
Republican Majority Whip Steve Scalise, the party's number three in the House of Representatives, suffered a hip injury in the early morning ambush.
Capitol police who were on security duty returned fire, as did Alexandria police who rushed to the scene. The suspect was apprehended, and the five people wounded were taken to area hospitals.
– Who was wounded? –
* Scalise. He suffered a hip injury and underwent surgery at a Washington hospital. He was listed in critical condition after the operation.
* Zachary Barth, an aide to Representative Roger Williams
* Lobbyist and former congressional staffer Matt Mika, who was reportedly in critical condition with multiple gunshots
* Two Capitol Police officers
– Who was the shooter? –
Hodgkinson, who appears to have been the owner of a home inspection business, was a strong supporter of Sanders, who challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
Sanders said he was “sickened” by the attack.
The shooter hailed from Belleville, Illinois, though his wife told ABC News that he had been living in Alexandria for the past two months.
Hodgkinson's social media posts displayed strong anti-Trump sentiment.
His brother Michael told The New York Times that “he wasn't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff.”
– Political aftermath –
Trump called for national unity in the wake of the shooting, as did House Speaker Paul Ryan and Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
All votes in the House of Representatives were cancelled for Wednesday.
The annual Congressional baseball game will go on as planned Thursday night at Nationals Park in the US capital.
The post Attack on US lawmakers: what we know appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) — One reason for the steeliness in Norah O'Donnell's demeanor the morning after the sexual misconduct accusations against former "CBS This Morning" co-anchor Charlie Rose were revealed became apparent on Monday.
O'Donnell was working on a six-month investigation into sexual assault at the U.S. Air Force Academy, and the first report on what was found aired Monday on "CBS This Morning." CBS said more than a dozen current and former cadets at the Air Force believe their cases had been mishandled and that they faced retaliation.
She said that her statement on the morning of Nov. 21 that women cannot achieve full equality in the workplace until there is a reckoning on sexual misconduct was affected by what she learned talking to the Air Force cadets.
When the ice cream vendor runs out of cones, there's only one solution. And these buddy cops are more than willing to lick the problem.
Watch:
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Resigns
By Cox Media Group National Content Desk
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has resigned following reports that he misled Trump administration officials about his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.
>> Read more trending news
Flynn's departure less than one month into the Trump administration marks an extraordinarily early shakeup in the president's senior team of advisers. Flynn was a loyal Trump supporter throughout the campaign, but his ties to Russia caused concern among other senior aides.
>>RELATED: Full text of Flynn's resignation letter
Trump named retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg as the acting national security adviser. Kellogg had previously been appointed the National Security Council chief of staff and advised Trump on national security issues during the campaign.
>>RELATED: Timeline of Michael Flynn's tenure; who will replace him?
Flynn, 57, served as an advisor to Trump during his presidential campaign and was highly critical of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and her use of a private email server while secretary of state.
He is a retired U.S. Army three-star general, was assistant director of national intelligence under President Barack Obama, but was fired in 2014. In Flynn's book, "The Field of Fight," Flynn claimed he was fired for speaking out against policies of the Obama administration, but others claim Flynn was pushed out because of his combative management style.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Jorge Alves usually sharpens the Carolina Hurricanes' skates. Lately, the team's equipment manager has been lacing up his own.
It's been a wild past few days for Alves. The 37-year-old former Marine, ex-minor leaguer and veteran of the team's equipment staff suddenly found himself in uniform for an NHL game — and even, for 7.6 unforgettable seconds, on the ice — as the Hurricanes' emergency goalie while regular backup Eddie Lack was too sick to play.
And when the Hurricanes returned to practice Monday, he was back on the ice again — he regularly suits up during morning skates when one of the goalies on the roster is unavailable — and trying to get comfortable with the attention his unusual story has generated.
"This is the brightest stage in our sport, and it's just, to have the honor to do this, everybody dreams about it," Alves said. "Just working out and running and stuff, I'm always thinking about it — what if it ever happened? What would I do? How would I react? And then, when it actually did happen, I kind of went blank. You can't prepare for that. It was unexpected and it was just quite a memory."
It's not like Alves doesn't know his way around a rink: After serving four years in the Marines, he played club hockey at North Carolina State from 2002-04 and skated in the ECHL and the low-level Southern Professional Hockey League. He first worked with Carolina's equipment staff during the 2003-04 season and became a full-time equipment manager in 2012-13.
The Hurricanes found themselves in a pinch when Lack fell ill before Saturday night's game at Tampa Bay. Roughly two hours before the puck drop, they announced the signing of Alves to a professional tryout contract and issued him jersey No. 40. His mask — which he painted himself, based on drawings by a local illustrator — features caricatures of the team's other equipment men.
"I think we were literally watching that guy's dream come true right before our eyes," starter Cam Ward said. "Seeing how emotional he got before that game made everybody emotional. And I said to him right before the game, 'They don't ask how or why, but you made it to the NHL.'"
Ward bucked the tradition of having the starting goalie lead the team onto the ice for pregame warmups, letting Alves have the spotlight for himself. And with 7.6 seconds left and the outcome all but decided — the Lightning led 3-1 — coach Bill Peters sent Alves onto the ice to replace Ward. He didn't have to face a shot but was handed the puck by teammate Jeff Skinner.
"Every time I see it, I kind of get choked up," Alves said. "Seven-point-six seconds is going to be near and dear to me."
A repeat doesn't seem likely Tuesday night when New Jersey visits: Peters says if Lack is too sick to skate against the Devils, the team will recall someone from its AHL affiliate in Charlotte.
That seems fine with Alves, who joked with alternate captain Jordan Staal that the Hurricanes' shooters weren't about to take it easy on him during his first practice since his big debut.
"I told Jordan, 'It was only 7.6 seconds, guys,'" Alves said. "I'm not an NHLer."
OnTheWight is very lucky to have a wide-ranging and well-informed community of commenters. One of our regular readers and commenters has shared the following article with us.
Concerned about how money was being spent within the council, he has taken the time to research the subject of local energy companies.
Although we are aware of his identity, he'd prefer to remain anonymous to readers. Guest articles do not necessarily reflect the views of the publication. Ed
The Isle of Wight Council recently came up with a proposal (Council Paper B of 12th January 2017) for an investment in a local energy company with an investment of £208,000 initially, followed by a further £200,000 later.
In return, it states there will be a possible return of in excess of £300,000 after year five.
[Editor's note: Decision was deferred by Executive]
Sounds good?
Is there a snag?
A cut-throat competitive market
At present there are over 40 companies competing to supply energy. It is a cut-throat competitive market. Even the comparison sites are competing for your custom to switch suppliers.
In very simplistic terms the companies obtain a license to deal in energy and buy energy wholesale and then retail it to customers. Some may have access to small eco supplies to supplement the main buying–in requirement.
Not-for-profit Robin Hood Energy
There are a couple of similar schemes already currently running, one of which is by Nottinghamshire City Council, known as Robin Hood Energy; a great name that everybody knows who was famed for taking from the rich and giving to the poor within the Nottingham greater area, so a built-in vision from the start.
NCC is dominated by labour councillors, there are 52 Labour councillors and three Conservative councillors, fairly stable, so no real problem with any dissent.
Robin Hood Energy (RHE) went live in September 2015, they offer credit, prepayment and commercial tariffs. The unique selling point is that it is a not-for-profit company so there are no shareholders, it is effectively underwritten by the council. Any profits as such will be re-invested in council services.
Not restricted to Nottinghamshire
The press has had a bit to say about the scheme.
From this we learn that in the beginning the company aims to sign up 10,000 customers per month and that it won't just be restricted to the NCC area. Virtually anyone throughout the country can sign up for services. Energy experts said the Robin Hood offering was competitive but not the best in the market by any means.
“Their tariff is way above the top 10 cheapest tariffs,” said Nigel Cornwall of Cornwall Energy, an independent energy market consultant. “But they are cheaper than five of the big six.”
So, not necessarily the cheapest tariffs and with costs (no shareholders) cut to the bone.
Just 50,000 customers since launch
Elsewhere, the following year it is suggested that the first year target was only 50,000.
It also states that RHE is interested in doing deals with other councils to expand the customer base and Leeds has entered into an agreement.
Another article published in December 2016 also extolls the possibilities.
It also notes that RHE has attracted just 50,000 customers since the launch.
So far, not hitting the original target of 10,000 customers per month? Of course, many potential customers will be locked into deals with other suppliers and unable to switch immediately. The next couple of years will either make or break the business. So a five year plan is not unreasonable.
Digging into the accounts
A look through Companies House for RHE (click on the entry for full accounts to 31st March 2016) will show the Report and Financial Statement to year end March 2016 which is approximately 19 months from start of trading.
Here are some interesting bits. There are plenty more.
On page 13; the trading losses for the year to March 2016 are £3.4million.
On page 12 note 3, £245,547 set aside for bad debts.
On page 9 note 3 states “in order to achieve the forecasts, the directors have received the necessary financial support from NCC”.
Effectively, the company has been set up with a massive loan and undertaking from NCC.
To actually get a return on the “investment” they are going to have to upscale dramatically to break even let alone make a profit with which to invest back in the NCC services.
Many questions to be answered
There are many other questions to be answered. As an example, to get the cheapest available electricity wholesale, the company would need to buy the so-called “dirty energy” – the Eco-green stuff comes at a premium. How would this sit with the council's eco-policy?
RHE is not as green as they would like.
Those reading all the links highlighted will note that NCC fully owns an offshoot company called Enviroenergy which essentially burns the city waste and turns it into energy. So, no landfill as a plus.
Loans of £12m
This company has a fairly chequered past and actually is now running at a profit. However a read of the accounts shows that it is valiantly supported by NCC with loans of £12 million.
And what about the risk? At the start of the project even the NCC admitted to possible risk. It could lose money they say. It may have passed regulatory inspections, but that doesn't refer to the financial business risks.
Highlighting some of the risks
All I have done here is to collate information readily available to all. I must also give credit to a friend who pointed me in the right directions of my search. There is plenty of info out there.
Someone with a greater understanding of Company reports will be able to pull out plenty of other information pertinent to the IWC proposals.
This article by no means poses all the questions that need to be asked. The purpose is to highlight some of the risks.
What will investment pay for?
I'm not too sure how the investment of £208,000 and £200,000 is going to achieve what NCC has done; what exactly is that going to pay for and how much more is going to be needed?
Given the current trading loss at RHE of £3.4 million somebody is going to need nerves of steel. That loss is in one trading year. And they are nowhere near breaking even. It is being suggested that it is nowhere near as easy as they thought by some NCC councillors.
I do hope that IWC due diligence is thorough.
Image: drumminhands under CC BY 2.0
WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump is embracing her moment in the spotlight for the French president's state visit.
She traded in her usual dark sunglasses for a white wide-brimmed hat that quickly became a trending topic on social media. She has thrown herself into planning the state dinner for President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte. All eyes will be on the former model again Tuesday when she steps out in a designer gown to greet the Macrons as they arrive for dinner.
Seeing the gown is typically the highlight of a state dinner. But for once, it may pale in comparison to the hat.
The hat bobbed up and down across the bottom of TV screens as the first lady took her seat for the president's news conference with Macron.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Monday morning is the coldest start the Tampa Bay area has had so far this season.
Temperatures in the area will fall between 27 to 32 degrees.
A freeze warning will be in effect for Citrus, Hernando and inland Pasco counties from 4 a.m. to 8 a.m. Monday.
The weekend was a cold one too — some parts of Florida even saw snow.
Near the Florida border, a “Welcome to Florida” sign had a light dusting of snow, according to a picture posted by NorthEscambia.com
The website also posted several other photos of snow throughout the county.
The cold weather will be a shock for some as you head off to work and to send the kids off to school.
Keep in mind, freezing temperatures can harm vulnerable plants, animals and those sensitive to cold.
“Drastic” measures are being considered to stamp out disrespectful behaviour including football games and picnics at a burial ground.
Otley and Yeadon councillors met with the head of Leeds City Council's bereavement services last week to discuss what could be done to tackle the mistreatment of Yeadon cemetery.
They say a Public Space Protection Order (PSPO), which would prohibit certain “inappropriate” actions at the site, could now be drawn up.
Coun Ryk Downes said: “What we find so disappointing is the fact that we even have to consider such orders as if only people showed the solemnity and respect that a cemetery deserves then none of this would be necessary.”
An area in front of the cemetery is used as an ad-hoc viewing space by people watching planes at nearby Leeds Bradford Airport.
Coun Colin Campbell said a minority of people had been climbing on cemetery walls, having picnics, littering, and playing football at the site, causing “great distress” to those who have loved ones buried there.
He said it came to a head earlier this month when dozens of people gathered to see the Canadian Air Force C17 aircraft.
He said: “I am constantly amazed that people behave in that way in a cemetery but unfortunately some do and as a result, I think we are having to take rather drastic action.”
Coun Sandy Lay said a PSPO would mean the council and police could move people on who were behaving disrespectfully.
Coun Lay said: " "As a plane spotter myself we have no desire to penalise those of us who like to watch the planes responsibly from the ad-hoc viewing area in front of the cemetery. So we agreed that in the long term we'd like to see a proper viewing area but at the moment this is difficult due to land ownership issues and finances"
A council spokesperson confirmed it was exploring the possibility of a PSPO.
In a statement, the spokesperson said: "We very much shared the concerns that were raised regarding the behaviour of some people gathering in Yeadon Cemetery earlier this month to watch planes fly into Leeds and Bradford Airport.
“All cemeteries should be a place for respect and quiet reflection, and we are asking people once again to please not gather in groups and use this cemetery as a vantage point for watching planes. The playing of ball games for example, or using memorial headstones to sit on or lean up against is completely unacceptable behaviour within a cemetery and shows a total lack of respect to the friends and relatives of the deceased.
“We have made this very clear in prominent signage erected in the cemetery which requests that people respect these burial grounds and do not disturb those who come to visit their loved ones graves. We have also met with local representatives to discuss this issue, and are looking at what options might be available to deter people from using the cemetery as a vantage point to watch planes in the future.”
Dennis Sellers is a seasoned journalist, reporter and news editor. He knew at a very early age that he wanted to become a journalist and that led to his Bachelor's degree in Journalism from the University of Tennessee. He worked in the newspaper business for over 20 years, wrote freelance while he taught, earned his Master's degree, signed on with MacCentral in the 1990s. After MacCentral was assimilated, he launched Macsimum News, an online newspaper covering the Mac industry and Apple news. In 2015, he joined Apple World Today as news editor. Dennis and I chatted about the state of Apple, hopes for macOS, his experience with his HomePod, Apple and education and what Apple might reveal at WWDC in June. He also explained the interesting domain his website uses.
TMO Background Mode Interview with Apple World Today's News Editor Dennis Sellers is a seasoned journalist, reporter and news editor. He knew at a very early age that he wanted to become a journalist and that led to his Bachelor's degree in Journalism from the University of Tennessee. He worked in the newspaper business for...
The University of Wyoming Board of Trustees will consider a number of issues during a meeting at 8 a.m. Wednesday, Dec. 13, via teleconference.
Those wishing to attend the meeting may do so in the Old Main boardroom.
Agenda items include a variety of construction-related issues, along with a report on initial findings of a study on UW's enrollment capacity, including the possibility of offering reduced tuition rates for some out-of-state students.
The complete agenda is available at www.uwyo.edu/trustees/2017-meeting-materials/december_13_2017_meeting.html.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kareem Hunt's eyes must have gotten wide when he took a handoff from Alex Smith and plunged toward the line of scrimmage in the first half of Sunday's game against the Oakland Raiders.
For once, he didn't have a massive defensive tackle ready to give him a bear hug.
Hunt wound up slicing past the line of scrimmage for a 6-yard gain, a modest success by some standards but a run that must have felt like freedom.
It was a third of his total two weeks ago against Buffalo, and set the tone for what would be a massive bounce-back performance.
Hunt wound up rushing for 116 yards and a touchdown, and caught three passes for 22 yards, to help the Chiefs to a 26-15 victory in a crucial showdown for the AFC West race.
“Honestly, I would feel this way if we win no matter what my numbers look like. It is just huge to go out there and get a big-time win and keep it going,” said Hunt, who had not eclipsed the 100-yard mark since a Week 5 win in Houston. “Now we just have to keep doing what we are doing.”
It wasn't just a bounce-back performance for Hunt, of course. The victory snapped a four-game skid and put the Chiefs in solid position with the Chargers coming to town Saturday night.
Those teams are 7-6 and tied atop the AFC West.
The Chiefs won their first meeting in Los Angeles, and Hunt was a big reason why. The rookie with the wide smile and never-go-down attitude churned 17 times for 172 yards and the clinching touchdown in a 24-10 victory, one of many highlights during what became a 5-0 start.
Things soon began to go sideways for Hunt and the Chiefs, though.
Injuries along the offensive line hurt chemistry. Defences began to stack the box to take away the sensational first-year player.
Balance went out of the offence and a group flying high after wins over New England and Philadelphia had ground to a halt.
Hunt was held to 21 yards in a loss to Pittsburgh. He gained 87 yards against Oakland and 46 against Denver. He managed 37 against Dallas and 73 in a loss to the Giants, when the Chiefs failed to score a touchdown.
There was the lousy performance in Buffalo and a struggle two weeks ago against the Jets, when he gained 40 yards on nine carries in a 38-31 defeat.
All the while, the Chiefs kept going to him.
It was only a matter of time, quarterback Alex Smith said, until Hunt broke loose again.
He finally did on Sunday. And even though he didn't have any of those long touchdown runs that were a hallmark of his first few games, Hunt consistently fell forward, giving the Chiefs positive yardage just about every time he touched the ball.
“We mixed it up. Certainly when we got into the meat of the game, I think you saw a little more with that,” Smith said. “Be able to take our shots there with Kareem and I thought he ran hard.”
He also resumed his charge at the Chiefs record book.
— Hunt has 1,046 yards, joining the late Joe Delaney as the only Chiefs running backs to crack the 1,000-yard barrier as a rookie. Delaney ran for 1,121 yards in 1981, and like Hunt, he had five 100-yard rushing performances that season.
— Hunt's total already ranks 15th in franchise history, and he needs just 242 yards over the final three games to pass Jamaal Charles for the eighth-best season.
— Hunt has five touchdowns rushing and two receiving, and needs just two touchdowns to pass Mike Garrett and Johnny Robinson for fourth-most among Chiefs rookies.
— Hunt has carried 218 times this season, second-most by a rookie in franchise history.
“It's a huge accomplishment,” he said of hitting the 1,000-yard mark, which he realized when the astute video board operators showed a graphic at Arrowhead Stadium.
“Nobody can ever take that away from you, and I just want to thank those guys up front. They did a great job.”
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
In 10,000 years no one ever sacrificed their arms, their legs, their family or their life for "progress."
Speaking of Iran's crude nuclear bomb technology and inaccurate delivery systems, "If I were the (west bank) Palestinians, I'd be a little nervous." --John Wohlstetter, a senior fellow at the Discovery Institute
"Goodbye, my beloved friend. A great voice falls silent. A great heart stops. " --Salman Rushdie (On the death of Christopher Hitchens, Dec.,16, 2011)
"The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not."...."To compel a man to furnish funds for the propagation of ideas he disbelieves and abhors is sinful and tyrannical."-- Thomas Jefferson
"If Congress can employ money indefinitely to the general welfare… The powers of Congress would subvert the very foundation, the very nature of the limited government established by the people of America."--Alexander Hamilton:
“You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else." --Winston Churchill
12:26 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Court files indictment against haredi yeshiva dean Read more
Court places haredi yeshiva dean from central Israel under house arrest for criminal acts against minors. ► ◄ Last Briefs
USA
A '90s alt-rock song, a ukulele, a horse, and Prince all loosely factor into the plot of Psych: The Movie, a reunion movie that premiered last Thursday on the USA. It's a bit silly, but silly can be mighty fine sometimes, especially in 2017. During its eight-season run on the USA between 2006 and 2014, Psych combined ebullient charm, a warm approach to pop culture nostalgia, and a frequent embrace of the silly as Shawn (James Roday) and Gus (Dule Hill) eked their way through solving an alarming number of Santa Barbara murders using Shawn's fake psychic detective shtick as an in. Psych wasn't really a ratings juggernaut or a Peak TV critical darling. Alan Sepinwall probably isn't writing a book about this one, but that's okay. Not every show gets to live that life.
Psych found its niche thanks to a dedicated (and social media-savvy) fanbase. It probably made its return last Thursday because of those fans. If the creative team is able to continue making Psych movies every so often (as they've said they would like to), then it will also be because of those passionate fans. That's all the more impressive because the show isn't even available on streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime, or Hulu right now, and hasn't been for awhile. “I don't know how they're watching us, but somehow they are,” Roday said, referencing DVDs and ION reruns as a possibility when Uproxx spoke with him and other members of the Psych cast and crew in the fall at New York Comic Con.
With so much TV in front of us, it can be easy to lose sight of old favorites like Psych. That's especially true if they're not easily available when fans are in the mood for something light before bed or when want to share a laugh with their families during a rainy Sunday binge. Out of sight, out of “favorites,” out of mind. Hopefully, that will change, because we need what Psych can provide right now, be it via reruns or future movies.
The rise of streaming — both as a means of delivering content and stoking affection through a rewatch — has radically changed the way we watch TV since Psych debuted in 2006. Coinciding with this is a growing expectation that comedies (and other shows) need to say something.
There's a long history of issues-oriented sitcoms going back to All In The Family and stretching through Maude, Murphy Brown and, more recently, The Carmichael Show and Black-ish. Late-night hosts often stand as our clear-voiced conscience, while quirky workplace comedies earn praise for dealing with political issues with a light touch, and other shows deal with zeitgeist-y topics like bigotry and gun violence. This isn't the ramp up to a “stick to the jokes” diatribe. None of this is bad. Quite the contrary. Comics can be incisive cultural and political critics. Sitcoms have the ability to, if nothing else, make people laugh and process the world around them at the same time. But it's still nice (and not at all derelict in our duties as conscientious citizens) to crave options sometimes. It's also welcome to feel like we have the ability to resist the urge to soothe ourselves by laughing at someone who mocks our tormentors (which still gives them real estate in our heads), choosing instead to step all the way away and unplug.
There are, of course, plenty of comedies like The Good Place that sidestep the heavier impulses that others embrace (and it's not like shows that get into real issues exclusively reside in that space). The same is true of other sorts of series. But the Psych movie, airing in the midst of another chaotic week of cultural warfare, angst, and abundant outrage, reminded me of the show's specialness and helped me disconnect from reality in a way I haven't been able to recently. It's not just that aforementioned flare for nostalgia, silliness, and charm that makes Psych able to do that. It's grounded by heartfelt creative impulses.
“People can relate to having a best friend or a brother… someone you're close too. Someone you go through crazy wacky experiences with,” Dule Hill said to us recently, echoing his co-star, Corbin Bernsen when we interviewed him at New York Comic Con: “This is a very defined set of characters that everybody kind of says, ‘Oh that was like my dad. My brother was just like him. I know a guy just like Gus.' I think people recognize the characters.” All people, regardless of their politics.
“It's an all-inclusive show,” says Psych creator Steve Franks. “It's not a red-state show or a blue-state show. It's a show for everyone. I think there's something great and unifying about that. At the end of the day, it should make you feel good.” There's a great point here. TV, and especially TV comedy, can and sometimes should make you feel good. More issue-y shows are fine and valuable (even vital), but life can't just be a shuffle between watching the news, reading the news, and watching funny people find ways to repackage and present the news. There has to be a little time for horses and ukuleles.
Researcher Explains How ‘Ogbono' Soup Can Improve Efficacy Of Anti-Malaria Drugs
A Pharmacist, Dr Chukwuma Agubata, has said that taking Irvingia Fat from nuts of Irvingia Gabonensis Var Excelsa, known as ‘Ogbono' soup has helped to improve the efficacy of anti-malarial drugs.
Agubata, a researcher and lecturer in the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, made the assertion when he spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria on Tuesday in Lagos.
He said that eating Ogbono soup while administering Artemether, an Anti-Malaria drug would improve the efficacy of the drug.
He said that Ogbono would assist the drug to pass through all the barriers to get to its destination in the body and start working properly.
According to him, the finding came out of a research work entitled “Novel Lipid Microparticles for Effective Delivery of Artemether Anti-Malaria Drug Using a Locally-Sourced Irvingia Fat from Nuts of Irvingia Gabonensis Var Excelsa (Ogbono).
“Malaria is an endemic disease and is a major cause of morbidity and mortality, and we also know that most malaria drugs are administered by mouth — the Artemether Anti-Malaria drugs. “'But there is a major challenge which is the low water solubility of the drug which limits it dissolution and absorption into the blood stream; all this also affect the efficacy of the drug. “'So, what we have done in this research is to improve the anti-malaria efficacy of Artemether drugs by formulating with Irvingia Fat (Ogbono) which is locally sourced so that there could be improved delivery and efficacy. “In our research, we got a very good result and this shows that our local materials can actually improve the efficacy of some drugs that already exist,'' he told NAN. “The Ogbono was formulated as microparticles, where the fat from it was used to entrap the drug and it became a carrier for the drug to the bloodstream. “So, if you take Ogbono soup while administering or taking Artemether, there should be an improvement as it will assist the drug to pass through all the barriers to get to its destination in the body and start working properly.''
Agubata called for support from the government and private organisations to take the research to the next level.
“We intend to take this research to the next level with the support of corporate organisations and the government. “We will be able to do local mobilisation and mass produce the locally sourced materials so that Nigerians will benefit. “Going forward, there is hope in reducing the burden of malaria with this research,'' he said.
NAN
The post Researcher Explains How ‘Ogbono' Soup Can Improve Efficacy Of Anti-Malaria Drugs appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
James Rodriguez Was Depressed After Leaving Real Madrid – Juup Heynckes
Bayern Munich boss Jupp Heynckes has revealed that James Rodriguez “was a little depressed” when leaving Real Madrid last summer.
James Rodriguez fell out of favour at the Bernabeu last season, making just 13 league starts and being allowed to leave for Bayern on an initial two-year loan.
Following a slow start to life at the Allianz Arena, James has looked a much more complete player since Heynckes replaced Carlo Ancelotti in early October, playing a direct part in 17 goals.
Ahead of Wednesday's Champions League semi-final first-leg clash between Bayern and Madrid in Bavaria, Heynckes told reporters: “He was a little depressed. I took care of him, I had lots of talks with him, and step by step he found confidence.
“He was a little depressed,” Heynckes told reporters at his pre-match news conference.
“I took care of him, I had lots of talks with him, and step by step he found confidence. He is more relaxed within the team.
“Our fans here, when they see him play football, they enjoy it. Above all he is a player who has fantasy, has an overview.
“He is more open-minded and gives the impression he feels well and has settled in Munich. I think this is most fundamental.
“He has been learning German, but as you know with Spanish speaking players it is difficult for them to learn. But I can speak with him.”
The post James Rodriguez Was Depressed After Leaving Real Madrid – Juup Heynckes appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getting his kicks (and hits) in
Phillipsburg senior Billy Oertel came to kicking from an unusual angle.
“A referee in a street hockey game saw me and he thought I could be a kicker, and we worked together throughout the summer,” Oertel said.
That referee was Ryan O'Dowd, now the punter at Sacred Heart. So he'd know what a kicker should look like.
And Oertel has been a fine replacement for last year's standout, Brendan Grube.
The 6-foot, 190-pound Oertel still brings a physical edge to a position not always associated with pounding hits.
“I have two tackles,” Oertel said proudly. “Any chance I get to hit anyone is awesome. I did tackle drills all summer to learn how to do it and now I finally get to hit. I love making tackles.”
Oertel has become a weapon as a kicker as well. He's made 16 of 18 extra points, but has yet to kick a field goal.
“That field goal I missed sticks with me,” he said.
Oertel may be an even more effective weapon on punts and kickoffs. He averages 36.1 yards per punt, and on kickoffs his ability to place the ball on “pop-up” and squib kickoff has frustrated opposition return games and given Phillipsburg the opportunity to recover and get its offense back on the field.
“On Monday after the weight room, (assistant coaches) Rich Guman and Bruce Morgan go over the plans with me, how high, how far the kickoffs should go. It's a matter of getting the ball in the right spot. It really messes with the other team. It's the best feeling in the world when you put right backspin on the ball and watch your team come up with it.”
Oertel also specializes on his punts.
“If I am trying to get it inside the 10 I will use a rugby punt and get the ball to roll off my foot at an angle,” he said, “If not I want to kick it straight with a spiral on it.”
It seems as if Billy Oertel has a kick for whatever the Stateliners need. O'Dowd picked his prospect well.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A woman who was formerly employed as a manager by celebrity chef Mike Isabella sued him and his business partners Monday alleging sexual harassment. Isabella denied the allegations.
Chloe Caras is seeking an unspecified amount for pain and suffering, back pay and punitive damages. Isabella, who competed on the cooking reality shows "Top Chef" and "Top Chef: All-Stars," has about a dozen restaurants in the Washington area.
The lawsuit filed in Superior Court in the District of Columbia says when Caras was fired in 2017 she was the director of operations for the Isabella Eatery in Virginia and the highest-ranking woman in Isabella's organization, Mike Isabella Concepts. The lawsuit says that during Caras' three years with the company she was subject to unwelcome touching, sexual advances, vulgar and explicitly sexual remarks and gestures, and sexists insults and texts calling her a "dumb bitch" and a "whore" and false rumors about her sexual history.
"On multiple occasions, Mr. Isabella sexually propositioned Ms. Caras and subjected her to degrading acts, including pulling her hair while standing behind her in a clear pantomime of having penetrative sex from the rear," the lawsuit says.
The lawsuit says Isabella and his partners created a "sexually hostile work environment and condoned a climate of contempt for women" at his restaurants. It says that on Dec. 5, 2017, when Isabella suggested to a chef that he have sex with Caras she attempted to leave the restaurant and was chased after by a screaming Isabella and fired by him when she reached the door.
In a statement provided to The Washington Post, which was first to report the lawsuit, Isabella, his partners and company denied the allegations. "Simply put, the allegations of an unwelcoming or hostile work atmosphere are false," the statement said. The Maryland-based law firm that provided the statement, Bascietto & Bregman, did not immediately provide the same statement or other information to The Associated Press.
Caras' attorney Debra Katz said in an email that Caras has also filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requesting that it conduct an investigation into allegations that Isabella's organization maintained a sexually hostile work environment.
13:11 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Japan hotel operator under fire for anti-Semitic remarks Read more
Japanese hotel operator says Jews 'control US information, finance, and laws' and 'don't have to pay any taxes.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump on Tuesday said North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un has been “very open” and “very honourable,” and wants an historic, high-stakes meeting as soon as possible.
This is a sharp break from the American president's previous denunciations of Kim Jong-un as “Little Rocket Man.”
The United States and North Korea have been negotiating a summit between Trump and Kim Jong-un to be held in May or June to broker a deal on Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions. Trump, who has struck a decidedly optimistic tone on the situation in recent days, said Tuesday that the United States and North Korea were having “good discussions.”
“We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible. We think that's a great thing for the world,” Trump said at the White House alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. “Kim Jong-un, he really has been very open and I think very honourable from everything we're seeing.”
Trump cautioned that North Korea had not followed through on previous promises, but credited tough steps from his administration — including sanctions and organizing pressure from international allies — for having forced Pyongyang to hold talks. And he again suggested that he would “leave the table” if they negotiations were not productive or if North Korea was not operating in good faith.
“We'll see where that all goes,” the president said. “Maybe it will be wonderful or maybe it won't.”
Trump's comments came days after a flurry of signs from North Korea that the White House was anxious to promote as signs that its coercion campaign was working. On Saturday, North Korea announced it will close its nuclear testing facility and suspend nuclear and intercontinental ballistic missile tests — a move welcomed by Trump as “big progress.”
However, the North stopped short of suggesting it will give up its nuclear weapons — as Trump suggested in a tweet — or scale back its production of missiles and their related components.
Asked if the suspension of tests was a positive sign, Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said Monday, “Right now, I think there (are) a lot of reasons for optimism that the negotiations will be fruitful and we'll see.”
This week, U.S.-allied South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim will hold a summit in the demilitarized zone between the Koreas that could lay the ground for Trump's planned meeting with the North Korean dictator. The leaders of the U.S. and North Korea have never met during six decades of hostility since the Korean War.
The exact date and location of the possible summit has not been determined.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that the U.S. goal was the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. When asked if the president was willing to accept anything short of that goal before lifting sanctions or was willing to go incrementally, she told reporters: “Certainly no sanctions lifted until we see concrete actions taken by North Korea to denuclearize.”
Last year, the U.S. spearheaded through the U.N. Security Council the toughest international sanctions yet against North Korea in response to three long-range missile launches and its most powerful nuclear test explosion yet. The Trump administration supplemented those restrictions with unilateral U.S. sanctions against firms that had conducted illicit trade with the North.
This year, Kim has pivoted from confrontation to diplomacy and, according to South Korea and China, has expressed a commitment to denuclearization. There is still uncertainty about what he seeks in return.
Trump's praise for Kim Jong-un on Tuesday stood in stark contrast to his previous bellicose rhetoric toward the North Korean leader. Beyond dubbing him “Little Rocket Man” from the rostrum of the United Nations last fall, Trump has threatened to deliver “fire and fury” upon North Korea and taunted Kim Jong-un on Twitter that his nuclear “button” was larger than the one in Pyongyang.
——
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Ken Thomas contributed reporting.
EPA To Ease Back Emissions Standards for Cars and Trucks
Environmental regulators announced this past Monday they will ease emissions standards for cars and trucks, saying that a timeline put in place by President Barack Obama was not appropriate and set standards "too high."
The Environmental Protection Agency said it completed a review that will affect vehicles for model years 2022-2025 but it did not specify details on new standards, which it said would be forthcoming. Current regulations from the EPA require the fleet of new vehicles to get 36 miles per gallon in real-world driving by 2025. That's about 10 mpg over the existing standard.
The agency said in its decision that the regulation set under the Obama administration "presents challenges for auto manufacturers due to feasibility and practicability, raises potential concerns related to automobile safety, and results in significant additional costs on consumers, especially low-income consumers."
The EPA, in partnership with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, will work to come up with new standards.
Automakers applauded Monday's decision, arguing that the current requirements would have cost the industry billions of dollars and raised vehicle prices due to the cost of developing the necessary technology.
"This was the right decision, and we support the Administration for pursuing a data-driven effort and a single national program as it works to finalize future standards," said Gloria Bergquist, vice president, communications and public affairs for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, in a statement. "We appreciate that the Administration is working to find a way to both increase fuel economy standards and keep new vehicles affordable to more Americans."
Environmentalists, meanwhile, warned the proposed rollbacks will make U.S. cars more expensive to fill up.
"No one in America is eager to buy a that gets worse gas mileage and spews more pollution from its tailpipe," said Fred Krupp, president of the Environmental Defense Fund. "Designing and building cleaner, more cost-efficient cars is what helped automakers bounce back from the depths of the recession and will be key to America's global competitiveness in the years ahead."
Any change is likely to set up a lengthy legal showdown with California, which has the power to set its own pollution and gas mileage standards and doesn't want them to change. About a dozen other states follow California's rules, and together they account for more than one-third of the vehicles sold in the U.S. Currently the federal and California standards are the same.
Some conservative groups are pressing EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt to get rid of the waiver that allows California to set its own rules. Pruitt said in a statement Monday that the agency will work with all states, including California, to finalize new standards.
"Cooperative federalism doesn't mean that one state can dictate standards for the rest of the country," he said. "EPA will set a national standard for greenhouse gas emissions that allows auto manufacturers to make cars that people both want and can afford -- while still expanding environmental and safety benefits of newer cars."
California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said his team is reviewing the EPA's determination.
"We're ready to file suit if needed to protect these critical standards and to fight the Administration's war on our environment," Becerra said in a statement. "California didn't become the sixth-largest economy in the world by spectating."
A joint statement by the governors of California, Oregon, and Washington, as well as the mayors of Los Angeles, Oakland, San Francisco, Portland and Seattle, also decried the EPA's decision.
"This move sets us back from years of advancements by the automotive industry put in motion by states that took the lead in setting emission standards," the statement said. "These standards have cleared the haze and smog from our cities and reversed decades of chronic air pollution problems, while putting more money in consumers' pockets."
Sen. Edward J. Markey said the existing standards are "technically feasible and economically achievable," and added that he would use every legislative tool to block the moves.
"Slashing these standards would amount to turning the keys to our energy policy over to Big Oil and the auto industry," said the Massachusetts Democrat, who is a member of the Environment and Public Works Committee and chair of the Senate Climate Task Force.
According to Markey, the standards are projected to save nearly 2.5 million barrels of oil a day by 2030, around as much oil as is imported from OPEC countries every day.
It could take a couple years for the EPA to propose new rules, gather public comment and finalize any changes. In the meantime, automakers have to proceed with plans for new cars and trucks under the current gas mileage requirements because it takes years to develop vehicles.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Read more on: Environment, Emissions, Pollution, Automotive, Government, NHTSA
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
NORTHFIELD, N.J. (AP) - A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit his head on a floor after authorities say she kicked a chair he was leaning back in.
The Press of Atlantic City reports that 41-year-old Kimberley Peschi was ordered Wednesday to pay about $200 in fines and fees but the forfeiture of her teaching license is still being deliberated.
The Galloway Township resident was suspended from her job as a music teacher at the Belhaven Middle School in Linwood after the February 2017 injury to the sixth-grade student.
Northfield Municipal Judge Timothy Maguire says surveillance video was the strongest evidence. The judge will rule on the teaching license by July 15.
Peschi's defense attorney says she will appeal.
___
Information from: The Press of Atlantic City (N.J.), http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO — Hamilton Tiger-Cats quarterback Jeremiah Masoli was named a CFL top performer of the month on Wednesday along with wide receiver D'Haquille (Duke) Williams and quarterback Mike Reilly of the Edmonton Eskimos.
Masoli leads the league with 1,045 passing yards and a completion percentage of 70.8. He threw four touchdown passes last month and orchestrated nine TD drives in all.
Reilly is second overall in passing yards with 1,020 and has a completion percentage of 69.8.
Williams made 14 catches and scored two touchdowns last month. He leads the league in receiving yards with 308 and in average yards per catch with 22.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
All 13 people charged in a $1 million a year heroin distribution operation in upper Bucks County have now been arrested after supplier Antoine Hakim Harris, 29, was recently taken into custody, authorities say.
Harris was picked up Thursday by U.S. marshals in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and is being held in lieu of $1 million bail in Davidson County Detention Center as he awaits extradition to Pennsylvania, the county district attorney's office said.
The case has progressed without Harris and all defendants tentatively face trial Oct. 12 in the county court of common pleas, the district attorney's office said.
Brothers Sheamus Patrick McCarthy, 27, and Casey James McCarthy, 22, originally from Richland Township, headed the ring that supplied heroin to the Quakertown area, authorities charge.
The enterprise "led to widespread addiction amongst young citizens of the Quakertown area" and resulted in "numerous overdoses" and at least two deaths, the district attorney's office said.
Casey McCarthy would travel every few days to West Philadelphia where he would typically buy 100 bundles of heroin -- each bundle contained 10 to 14 individual packets -- from Harris for $5,300 to $6,300, authorities said.
EARLIER: 13 charged in $1M heroin ring
A county investigative grand jury in a 195-page presentment said Harris sold as many as 400 bundles a week that the McCarthys put out on the street through dealers, the district attorney's office said.
Harris is charged with three counts of corrupt organizations, one count of possession with intent to deliver heroin, five counts of conspiracy and related offenses, court papers say.
Quakertown police last week received a tip that Harris and his girlfriend had fled Maryland to a home in North Carolina, authorities said. Police contacted the marshals' office in Philadelphia, leading to the arrest, the district attorney's office said.
Harris doesn't have an attorney listed in Bucks County court papers.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Snowflakes have yet to fly, but the airlines serving Reno-Tahoe International (RNO) have added several flights to their winter schedules to make it easier to reach the slopes of the Sierras this upcoming ski season.
It has been more than a decade since RNO offered such a large number of airline seats for the winter season.
Following last year's record winter snowfall, the airlines are offering additional seasonal service to RNO from around the country. With nine airlines now providing air service, RNO is truly the Gateway to Tahoe and the nightlife of Reno.
Atlanta – Delta Air Lines resumes daily non-stop service from late December to early January, then once a week from mid-January to the end of March.
Chicago O'Hare – Originally scheduled for summer 2017 only, United Airlines' offers twice a week non-stop service in late December to the beginning of April.
Denver – Frontier Airlines begins new non-stop service three times a week in late November.
Recommended Stories For You
Houston – United offers non-stop daily service from late December to the end of April.
Las Vegas – Allegiant Air increases service to six times per week from mid-November to February.
Long Beach – Jet Blue increases service to twice a day for a short period in February.
Minneapolis – Delta offers non-stop service five times per week late December through early January, and then once a week service through the end of March.
"All of these airlines stepping up to offer additional flights during the busy winter ski season is a testament to the growth in this region and the great relationship the airport has built with our carriers," said Marily Mora, Airport Authority President/CEO. "Now we hope our community will help fill these seats and support these flights in our region."
Manchester United have completed the signing of defender Victor Lindelof from Benfica for £31m.
The Sweden international, 22, travelled to Manchester on Wednesday to discuss terms and have a medical.
Lindelof, who has won 12 caps for Sweden, becomes United's most expensive defender, overtaking the £29.1m paid for Rio Ferdinand in 2002.
“I'm thrilled,” said Lindelof, who joins on a four-year contract with an option for a fifth year.
“I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho. I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies,” added the centre-back, who made 47 appearances as Benfica won a Portuguese domestic double last season.
“Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of him at United. Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer,” said Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho. BBC Sport
Lightning — once one of nature's biggest killers —is claiming far fewer lives in the United States, mostly because we've learned to get out of the way.
In the 1940s, when there were fewer people, lightning killed more than 300 people annually. So far this year, 13 people have died after being struck, on pace for a record low of 17 deaths. Taking the growing population into account, the lightning death rate has shrunk more than forty-fold since record-keeping began in 1940.
People seem to be capturing the phenomenon more on camera than before, making it seem like something new and sizzling is going on in the air. Separate videos last month of a Florida lifeguard and an airport worker being hit by lightning went viral. Both survived.
Lightning strikes have not changed — they hit about the same amount as they used to, said Pennsylvania State University meteorology professor Paul Markowski.
A big difference: Fewer of us are outside during bad weather. If we're not huddled indoors, we're often in cars. Vehicles with metal roofs — not convertibles — are safe from lightning, experts say.
"As a society we spend less time outside," said Harold Brooks, a scientist at the National Weather Service's National Severe Storms Laboratory. "Especially farmers. There aren't just many farmers around."
Decades ago, farmers would be in fields and were the tallest object, making them most likely to get hit, said National Weather Service lightning safety specialist John Jensenius Jr.
That helps explain the drop in yearly lightning deaths from about 329 in the 1940s to about 98 in the 1970s. The numbers have kept plunging since. From 2007-2016, average yearly deaths dropped to 31.
Improved medical care also has played a key role, including wider use of defibrillators and more CPR-trained bystanders.
When Dr. Mary Ann Cooper started out in the emergency room in the 1970s, there was nothing in textbooks about how to treat lightning victims.
Now instead of treating lightning patients the same way as people who touch high-voltage wires and are burned, doctors focus more on the neurological damage, said Cooper, professor emerita of emergency medicine at the University of Illinois in Chicago.
Perhaps the biggest reason deaths are down is because of efforts to teach people not to get hit in the first place.
"We've equipped the public by saying, 'When thunder roars, go indoors.' Three-year-olds can remember that," Cooper said.
Men are four times more likely to be killed by lightning in the U.S. than women, statistics show. Men do riskier things that get them in trouble in storms, Cooper and Jensenius said.
"Our victims are at the wrong place at the wrong time. The wrong place is anywhere outside. The wrong time is anywhere that you can hear thunder," said Jensenius.
In July — the deadliest month for lightning in the U.S. — vacationers Andre Bauldock and Lamar Rayfield were on a beach in Florida when a thunderstorm rolled in.
"We ignored it. We were just thinking it was going to pass over soon," recalled Bauldock. "We could see the sun in the distance. I was admiring the lightning out in the ocean and I thought it was far away."
The next thing Bauldock remembers is waking up in a parking lot surrounded by people. He was told the lightning struck his friend's stomach and then hit him. They both fell over. Rayfield eventually died.
An analysis of 352 U.S. lightning deaths from 2006 to 2016 found people were most often doing something near water — fishing, camping and beach activities— when they were hit. Golf doesn't even crack the top dozen activities, but soccer does, said Jensensius.
James Church was hit earlier this year in Florida as his first cast of the day flew through the air.
"I woke up. I couldn't move. It was like an elephant sitting on me, not a single muscle would work," Church recalled. "My eyes were working, my brain was working ... I couldn't feel anything."
———
Video journalist Joshua Replogle contributed to this report. Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @borenbears. His work can be found here.
———
This Associated Press series was produced in partnership with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – It was a tragedy that shocked the Tampa Bay area years before last week's triple-fatal crash on the Selmon Expressway.
Summer Moll, four-years-old at the time, was left with two broken arms, legs, pelvis, eyeball socket and a cracked skull, after a drunk driver slammed into the car she was riding in with her mother.
Her mother was killed in the accident.
Last week's tragedy brought back clouded memories for Moll, who says she misses her mother every day.
Jenn Holloway has much more on this story in the video above.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
KATY, TX (WCMH) – A groomer is out of a job after she was caught abusing a small dog during a grooming session.
When Terah Leder walked through the grooming area of a Katy, Texas PetSmart on Thursday, she immediately knew something was wrong. She saw a groomer working on a small dog, but the aggressive way the groomer handled the dog didn't sit right with her.
So she pulled out her phone and started recording.
“I was trembling, freaking out,” Leder told CNN affiliate KTRK. “I couldn't believe what I had just seen.”
Leder is heard shouting at the groomer in the two-minute video before she went to the manager to explain what was happening. After she spoke with the manager, she waited for the dog's owner to arrive.
“If that were my dog, I would want to know that that happened to her,” Leder said.
An hour later, Brooke Vowers came to pick up the dog – a Shih Tzu named Boo. She had dropped Boo off hours earlier and had no idea what had happened since.
“I was like, ‘Are you kidding?' Just kinda like confused, you know,” Vowers said.
After she watched the video Leder recorded, she posted it to social media.
“Because that was just a tidbit of the video. I'd hate to think what would happen in four hours,” Vowers said. “The fact that that could happen to anyone else's dog is just concerning to me.”
PetSmart told KTRK that the way the dog was treated is “completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated.” The company also said that the groomer in question has been fired.
Photo: Getty
In a candid interview, best supporting actress nominee Octavia Spencer gently corrects the notion that this year's Oscar nominees are not a direct reaction to last year's #OscarsSoWhite brouhaha because that's not how movies work.
Advertisement
Spencer sat down with Deadline's Joe Utchi to talk about her role in Hidden Figures with the candor and grace she has become known for. And, much like Moonlight's Naomie Harris did in New York last week, she quickly shut down the notion that this year's spate of films featuring people of color is a reaction to last year's lily-white Oscar nominations.
So now you contrast that with the urgent conversation we're having in the arts today. This year has offered an eclectic mix of movies that some have argued addressed #OscarsSoWhite. I think that's what you guys are thinking, but when you know how movies are made, the explosion of films with people of color is not a reaction to #OscarsSoWhite. I know, and I don't mean to say that. But when I see a movie like Hidden Figures, I hope that it's a sign that these kinds of stories won't be ignored anymore. I know that I have projects coming up, and I know that Viola [Davis] and Taraji [P. Henson] have projects coming up. I know Idris Elba is headlining a few things, and I hope Mahershala Ali and André Holland and David Oyelowo have things coming up. And also, you know, I'm taking a more active role in producing, and so is Viola. I can't see this year being an isolated thing, but then, I thought Hillary was going to be president, so I can't tell you for sure.﻿
Speaking to the power that the public has via their money and what films they choose to support with it, she presented a simple strategy for seeing more of the diversity audiences desire on screen.
Advertisement
I mean, when I look at the people that are underrepresented in the film industry, I've got to tell you, if I look down a list of characters on a film, and it doesn't have gay, African-American or Latin characters, I'm probably not going to spend my money on the ticket. I'm going to be real honest with you. I see enough of the homogeneity, and I don't need to support it with my dollar. And when we stop supporting things with our dollars that don't represent all of us, then you'll see an explosion of diversity. Art is about reaching people that you wouldn't normally reach. It's about bringing us together.
Other topics discussed include how she first thought the true story behind Hidden Figures was “historical fiction,” the importance of optimism and the true meaning of diversity. Like Spencer herself, it is a delight. Read the interview here.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Kentucky coach Mark Stoops believes his team is capable of winning decisively despite its history of squeaking by opponents.
The Wildcats' four wins have come by a total margin of 32 points. A last-second interception preserved last week's 24-20 escape of Eastern Michigan and left players and Stoops feeling they should have played much better.
But Kentucky has held the lead in most of its games and the Wildcats (4-1, 1-1) believe they are on the verge of a breakout performance. The Wildcats are determined to be more dominant from start to finish in Saturday night's Southeastern Conference game against Missouri (1-3, 0-2).
“After watching the film, we played very good on defence and very good on special teams,” said Stoops, whose team had a season-low 228 yards on offence. “Offensively, we'll get it fixed but there's no (pressing the) panic button.
“You just look at the things and get them fixed and move on. Some are easy and some are difficult. There's going to be games when we're going to have to outscore people.”
Homecoming should add motivation for Kentucky to put it all together. The contest is the first of six consecutive SEC matchups the Wildcats hope will vault them into Eastern Division contention after a crushing loss to Florida. They lead the series 4-3, and a third straight win against Mizzou can even their SEC record at 6.
The Tigers had a bye following three straight losses, including SEC defeats to South Carolina and No. 12 Auburn . They were outscored 117-30 in that stretch, which made the off week welcome.
Mizzou coach Barry Odom said the downtime has allowed his team to heal after the opening month left them banged up. The Tigers also look forward to beginning road play.
But Odom doesn't want players to press in search of their first SEC win.
“If you've prepared the right way, you let it happen and go make plays and don't stress too much,” Odom said. “Usually when that happens, you can play freely.”
——
Here are other things to watch as Kentucky hosts Missouri:
SPECIAL MOMENTS: Kentucky's special teams have been impressive the past two weeks, especially against Eastern Michigan. The Wildcats converted a blocked punt into the decisive touchdown against the Eagles and recovered a fumbled punt. Kicker Austin MacGinnis (298 points) is just seven away from becoming the Wildcats' career scoring leader after breaking the record for field goals. Charles Walker has also had several good punt returns that have shortened the field for the offence. “We can do a lot better, but I like where we are,” special teams coach Dean Hood said.
ROAD WOES: The Tigers struggled offensively while losing all five road games last season, averaging 18 points per game compared to 41 points at home. This year, Missouri scored 72 points in a season-opening win over Missouri State but has averaged just 10 points per game in losses to South Carolina, Purdue and Auburn. “It may be good for us, because on either side of the ball we haven't played that well at home” this season, Odom said.
GROUND IT OUT: Kentucky is anxious to reboot its rushing game after gaining a season-low 53 yards on 37 carries last week. The Wildcats gained 377 yards rushing against Mizzou last year in Columbia including 192 by Benny Snell.
DefenceLESS: Missouri enters the game ranked last in the SEC and 109th nationally in total defence with an average of 452.5 yards allowed per game. The Tigers are coming off a loss in which they yielded 482 yards of offence and allowed Auburn to score on all four red zone chances in the first half of a 51-14 rout .
——
AP Sports Writer Kurt Voigt in Columbia, Missouri contributed to this story.
——
More AP college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@APTop25
As a licensed marriage and family therapist and former psychology professor, I have spent years telling people that we all make sense when properly understood. Our lives are like a puzzle and we just need to understand the various pieces of our past to understand where we are today. But when I began studying hypnosis, a whole new world opened up for me, literally. I discovered that this lifetime is just one piece of a much bigger puzzle that includes many lifetimes. Hypnosis can help us access those other lifetimes. In the past-life hypnosis session included here, Ken* returns to a previous life where he focused mainly on work. At the end of that lifetime, he wonders if he might have missed out on something. Then he connects with his spirit guide who tells him that his task in this lifetime is to focus on love.
Ken emerges in 1880 as a medium-built 40-year-old man with tan skin, short dark hair and dark eyes. He is standing in a countryside of rolling hills, outside a village, in the United States. In this 1880s life, Ken is particularly proud of his business, which involves “construction … building something.” His wife, Mary, is the most important person in his life. She is a white woman with brown hair. He can see her laughing. A very important moment in Ken's life is when Mary gives birth to their son. Ken is the only one there with her. He describes the scene as “very loud” and himself as “very nervous.” He doesn't know what to do. But, he says, “She's got it under control. She's the strong one.”
As Ken is nearing the end of that life, he reflects, “I didn't do enough. I would have liked to have been there for her more — meet her more halfway because she was giving me a lot and I didn't give her enough back.” After that life ends, Ken says, “It feels good. But maybe I missed something.” He feels “relief, clarity, regret.”
Once that life is over, Ken is able to communicate with his spirit guide and to share with me the messages he is receiving. I ask how Ken did in that lifetime. Ken relays, “He was honorable.” According to Ken's guide, his main purpose in that lifetime was “survival on his own” and he did “very, very well.” His guide explains that the reason Ken was shown that particular life is because he's struggling with those same issues today. His current life task is “to do more, to do the things he didn't do before — show the love he was afraid to show with her (Mary).” Ken is reminded that he learned how to survive during that previous lifetime. Now, he is instructed to stop worrying about that. He is told to “Live an honest, rigorous, loving life. Show love and be present.” Ken says, “Do the things I'm afraid of.” His guide's advice to help him do these things is to love himself.
After Ken's past-life session is finished, he shares that the most important message he received was that he has been focusing on the wrong thing. He already knows how to run a business. He needs to focus on his relationships.
I checked back with Ken a couple of months later to find out how the session impacted him. He revealed that for the last several years he has been obsessing about his business — constantly working on it and trying to fix it. But since his session, that pressure has all been lifted. Work is easier now and he trusts that everything will work itself out. He realizes that worrying about his business was actually a distraction, a way to avoid the “relationship work,” which is scary for him. Ken believes he has a mandate to focus on his relationships, to take emotional risks — not just with his wife, but also in his friendships and in his relationships with his siblings and his parents. He wants to be more present, “to get more out of that part of life.” Ken was initially skeptical of past-life hypnosis so I asked him what he thinks of it now. He said, “It's an extraordinary gift for those who buy into it. It's great. It's amazing.”
Not everyone will buy into past life hypnosis. But for those who do, it can be life changing.
*”Ken's” name has been changed and he has granted permission to share his story.
Vondie Lozano, Ph.D., is a Ventura resident.
COMMENT: Behind Africa rising story
A narrative trapped between elite pseudo optimism and hard realities of citizens
By Elijah Kisembo
Africa is not one country. It is a collection of many countries. A good defence put forward when one writes a story about the continent that is deemed damaging and retrogressive by the political elites that have the power of counter media. They demand the continent not to be generalised. They remind everyone of the world full of catastrophes and bad stories. The problems of the world are not exclusive to Africa. That is true. The question is; who should tell the African story?
The story of the continent has two dominant narratives, that is, the narrative of the political elites, and that of the ordinary citizens. Unfortunately, the story of the ordinary citizens is a silent story, mainly highlighted if it is in the interests of the political elites. The elites with privilege of power tell an African story full of pseudo optimism that is always eroded with the realities of the day.
In the recent past, the story of the continent has been marked by enthusiastic pronouncements of “Africa is raising”. A story partly aimed at rehabilitating the political, socio and economic image of the continent. For example, on December 3, 2011, at the peak of the Africa is raising narrative that started in early 2000, the Economist published a story that summarised the hopeful continent: “Africa's enthusiasm for technology is boosting growth. It has more than 600m mobile-phone users—more than America or Europe. Since roads are generally dreadful, advances in communications, with mobile banking and telephonic agro-info, have been a huge boon. Around a tenth of Africa's land mass is covered by mobile-internet services—a higher proportion than in India. The health of many millions of Africans has also improved, thanks in part to the wider distribution of mosquito nets and the gradual easing of the ravages of HIV/AIDS. Skills are improving: productivity is growing by nearly 3% a year, compared with 2.3% in America. All this is happening partly because Africa is at last getting a taste of peace and decent government”.
This is a great narrative told about Africa. It can even be treasonous for one to think otherwise. It is a narrative of a hopeful continent. Defensible statistical figures back up the story of a rising continent. Intellectual machinery is lined-up to tell and defend the story of a rising continent.
However, a true and complete story is that story that ordinary citizens can relate to beyond the statistical figures. For example, according to the world employment Outlook 2016 by the International Labour Organisation, 2016, in Northern Africa, the incidence of unemployment among youth in the region was expected to remain elevated at 29.3 per cent in 2016, representing the second highest rate across all regions. In Sub-Saharan Africa, the youth unemployment rate was expected to continue on its downward trajectory, which began in 2012, reaching 10.9 per cent in 2016. A youthful population is on a move: economic migrants. The continent is inhabitable for them. In some countries, the quality of life is worse than it was at independence. A sense of powerlessness is evident in conversations with ordinary citizens. There are not conversations of a rising continent. Famine still affects a number of countries. The challenges faced by the populations in South Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Eretria, Zimbabwe, Democratic Republic of Congo, Central African Republic, Mali, Chad, and Burundi among others make the story of a rising continent far from reach .
Optimism is good, but it should be anchored in truthfulness, realism and progressive engagement aimed at changing the bad stories on the continent about the continent. This story would be of good governance, democracy and citizen-centered leadership.
****
Elijah Kisembo is a social commentator
The post COMMENT: Behind Africa rising story appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TOMS RIVER – Voters will be deciding on fire commissioners and fire department budgets in two districts this weekend.
Elections will take place on Saturday, February 18, from 2 p.m. to 9 p.m.
Toms River District 1
In District 1, three people are running for two, three-year terms as fire commissioners: Mark Autenrieth, David Burns, and Jesse Sipe.
There are five questions on the ballot.
Question No. 1 asks voters to approve the $8,079,874 budget, of which $5,314,850.47 would be raised by taxes.
Question No. 2 asks if the fire district should include $12,201.36 from previous years' capital questions into the general budget.
Question No. 3 asks if the district can appropriate $450,000 to buy replacement fire apparatus.
Question No. 4 asks if the district can appropriate $44,800 toward the total cost of $70,000 for two vehicles for the Bureau of Fire Prevention. This amount is District 1's portion of the cost. District 2 would be responsible for their portion.
Question No. 5 asks to appropriate $120,320 for interior lighting enhancements, a high pressure breathing air compressor and refill station, surface replacement and additional upgrades at the Toms River Township Fire Training Center. This amount represents District 1's portion of the cost. District 2 would be responsible for their portion.
Toms River District 2
In District 2, there are three people running for two, three-year terms as fire commissioners: Joseph G. Duff, Richard Heroy, and Christopher Silva.
There are four questions being put to voters.
Question No. 1 asks voters to approve the $4,603,451.83 budget, of which $3,228,000 would be raised by taxation.
Question No. 2 asks authorization to upgrade the Opti-Com system, expected not to exceed a cost of $77,893. This work would be done in 2018.
Question No. 3 asks if the board can authorize $25,200 for two vehicles for the Bureau of Fire Prevention. This is District 2's portion of the cost. District 1 would be responsible for the rest.
Question No. 4 asks if the district can appropriate $67,680 for interior lighting enhancement, a high pressure breathing air compressor and refill station, surface replacement and additional upgrades at the Toms River Township Fire Training Center. This is District 2's portion of the cost. District 1 would be responsible for the rest.
Renowned Nollywood actor, Chinedu Ikedieze, popularly known as Aki, has been blessed with a child. The diminutive actor took to his Instagram page @chineduikedieze to make the announcement, although he did not disclose the sex of the child. With a photo attachment of the baby, he wrote: “UNTO US A CHILD IS BORN.” Recall that […]
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Riding a tsunami of moral conservatism and anti-gay prejudice, Indonesia's Islamic political parties appear on the cusp of a major victory: outlawing all sex outside marriage.
Revisions to Indonesia's criminal code being considered by Parliament would allow prison sentences of up to five years for sex between unmarried people. Those changes would also criminalize gay sex, the bugbear of Indonesia's Islamic and secular political parties.
Right groups and legal experts fear a profound setback to human rights and privacy in Indonesia, one of the world's largest democracies, and the spread of vigilantism, already common in parts of the sprawling Muslim-majority nation of more than 250 million people. They are racing to organize opposition. An online petition launched this week has gathered more than 20,000 signatures.
"Indonesia, whose constitution guarantees human rights and has ratified many human rights covenants, will be ridiculed by the world for creating a law that is potentially violating many of those rights," said Said Muhammad Isnur, head of advocacy at the Indonesian Legal Aid Institute Foundation.
While the possible criminalization of sex between unmarried consenting adults has grabbed attention, the revised criminal code, which has nearly 800 articles, also contains changes that could weaken checks and balances in Indonesia's young democracy. One article potentially makes criticism of the president defamation and other articles could be used to weaken the Corruption Eradication Commission, one of Indonesia's most effective public institutions.
Asrul Sani, a lawmaker from the Islamic-based United Development Party, has told reporters that a 25-member parliamentary working committee has agreed on nearly all the articles in the revised code. It and another Islamic party are seeking longer prison sentences for gay sex in circumstances that involve force, public acts or pornography and that is still being argued, he said.
Statements from different committee members indicate there isn't total agreement but a majority of parties appear to have swung behind at least criminalization of gay sex. Bambang Soesatyo, the speaker of Parliament and a lawmaker from the major secular party Golkar, said same-sex relationships should be criminalized because they could "corrupt the morality of the nation." A few politicians outside the committee have raised concerns about the fundamental threat to privacy.
One of the obstacles in the way of the Islamic parties is President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo's power of veto. But with provincial elections due this year and a presidential race in 2019, it's unclear whether Jokowi is willing to risk political capital on protecting a hated and misunderstood minority or being seen as soft on morality issues.
"The Islamic parties are really using this issue as their marketing going into the political years, this year and next year," said Bivitri Susantri, a constitutional law expert who helped establish the Indonesian Center of Law and Policy Studies.
"The only thing we can do is to push the government, the president, to stop this," she said. "Because if we see how the political parties, both the secular ones and the Islamic ones discuss this, I think this draft law will be passed as it is now."
Islamic parties make up four of the 10 factions in Indonesia's Parliament and due to the popular vote threshold being raised to 4 percent, are at risk of losing their seats in Parliament next year if they can't rouse their bases.
They have typically commanded far fewer votes than secular parties, but their concerns resonate with a broad cross-section of Indonesians. Hard-line Muslim groups considered fringe a decade ago, such as the Islamic Defenders Front, have moved into the mainstream and shook Jokowi's government last year with a mass movement against the minority Christian governor of Jakarta, who was subsequently imprisoned for two years for blasphemy.
Conservative groups such as the Family Love Alliance believe Indonesia is being overwhelmed by immoral behavior such as sex between unmarried young couples, and in December nearly succeeding in convincing Indonesia's Constitutional Court to outlaw gay sex and sex outside marriage.
Moderate groups, meanwhile, have struggled to muster their forces. While many speak out online, that has little impact compared with the ability of Islamic groups to summon tens of thousands for mass protests.
The Islamic parties' message is perhaps at its most politically potent when aimed at Indonesia's besieged LGBT minority, which for the past two years has been the target of an escalating campaign of raids, arrests, hateful rhetoric from government officials and vigilante attacks.
Police in the conservative province of Aceh, which practices Shariah law, over the weekend rounded up 12 transgender people who worked in hair salons and publicly humiliated them by forcing them into men's clothing and cutting their hair.
Susantri and other legal experts said enforcement would be a huge and impossible burden on police and encourage vigilante acts from self-appointed "guardians of morality," undermining an already fragile rule of law in Indonesia.
She said people who practice religions not recognized by the state could also be criminalized because their marriages aren't recognized.
"The president should say no to this law," Susantri said. "But looking at how Jokowi is handling issues related to Islam I think he wouldn't do that."
___
Associated Press writers Niniek Karmini and Ali Kotarumalos contributed to this report.
FARGO, N.D. — A North Dakota woman accused of killing a pregnant neighbour so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby is set to change her plea.
Brooke Crews, 38, was scheduled to appear in state district court in Fargo on Monday. Her attorney has said Crews doesn't have a plea agreement with prosecutors.
She and her boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, have pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit murder and kidnapping in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind. Investigators haven't said how Greywind was killed, but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said her death was a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared on Aug. 19. Her body was found eight days later in the Red River, wrapped in plastic and duct tape. Her baby was found alive in the apartment where Crews and Hoehn lived, in Greywind's building.
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents. Crews told police she arranged to have Greywind come to her apartment and told her how to induce labour. Greywind came back two days later to give her the newborn baby, Crews said.
But Hoehn told police a different story, according to the documents. He said he came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: “This is our baby. This is our family.”
Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex, according to the court documents. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
The baby is now in the custody of her father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.
ATHENS, Ga. — Leaonna Odom scored 16 points and fifth seed Duke's defence was dominant, holding fourth seed Georgia to two second-quarter points in a 66-40 women's NCAA Tournament second-round win on Monday night.
Lexie Brown and Erin Mathias each had 14 points for Duke (24-8), which will play UConn in the Albany Regional on Saturday.
Georgia (26-7) made only 1 of 19 shots in the second period. The Lady Bulldogs set season lows for fewest points in a period and game and lowest field-goal percentage (24.0) in a game.
The Lady Bulldogs missed their first 13 3-pointers before Simone Costa sank a 3 midway through the final period.
The shooting woes even carried over to the free-throw line, where the Lady Bulldogs made only 7 of 14 shots.
While Georgia struggled, Duke shot 50 per cent from the field to overcome 21 turnovers.
Caliya Robinson led Georgia with 11 points and 12 rebounds. No other Georgia player had more than five points.
Georgia missed its first 13 shots of the second period. Que Morrison ended the drought, but not the scoring problems, with her layup with 2:34 remaining in the period.
Georgia's shooting woes continued, with Taja Cole and Mackenzie Engram missing layups on the Lady Bulldogs' final two shots of the half. Overall, Georgia made only 1 of 19 shots in the period.
After a sluggish start in the first quarter, when it was slowed by nine turnovers, Duke took advantage of Georgia's cold shooting. After leading 15-12 following the first 10 minutes, the Blue Devils pulled away to lead 35-14 at halftime.
Rebecca Greenwell was Duke's fourth scorer in double figures with 11 points.
Duke's defence also was the difference in the second half of its 72-58 first-round win over Belmont when the Blue Devils limited the Bruins' 3-point shooting.
BIG PICTURE:
Duke: The Blue Devils are 4-0 against Georgia in NCAA Tournament games. Odom, who scored a career-high 25 points in the first-round win over Belmont, had only four points in the first half before scoring 10 points in the third period. … The Blue Devils had 9 turnovers in the first quarter after having eight for the game in their 72-58 first-round win over Belmont.
Georgia: The Lady Bulldogs' previous low for points in a quarter this season was five in a win at Florida on Jan. 28. … Engram and Haley Clark each played the full 10 minutes of the fast-tempo first quarter in which the Lady Bulldogs played strong defence with four steals and forcing the nine turnovers. Georgia appeared drained in the second period, perhaps contributing to the flurry of missed shots.
UP NEXT
Duke will play UConn, which beat Quinnipiac in the second round on Monday night, on Saturday in the Albany Regional.
DHAKA, Bangladesh — Shakib Al Hasan has been reinstated as Bangladesh's test captain to replace Mushfiqur Rahim for next month's series against Sri Lanka.
The Bangladesh Cricket Board announced the decision after a weekend board meeting, with president Nazmul Hassan saying it was designed to allow Mushfiqur “to focus on his batting and remain pressure-free.”
Mushfiqur was under serious pressure in the last series when South Africa swept Bangladesh in all three formats in October, including two lopsided defeats in the test matches.
It was a turbulent year for Bangladesh in the longest format as it lost seven of the nine test matches it played against New Zealand, India, Sri Lanka, Australia and South Africa, although it did produce its first ever test win against Australia.
Mushfiqur led Bangladesh in 34 test matches overall after replacing Shakib in 2011, losing 18, winning seven and drawing nine.
Mahmudullah was promoted to the vice-captaincy, replacing Tamim Iqbal.
Shakib was not part of Bangladesh's two test losses in South Africa, having requested for leave after the drawn home series against Australia.
The 51-test veteran has scored 3,594 runs and taken 188 wickets. He led Bangladesh in nine test matches between 2009-2011, a tenure that included eight losses.
U.S. stocks are sinking Tuesday as investors fear that growth in company profits will slow down. The worries began to set in after construction and mining equipment maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of this year. Industrial and basic materials companies and technology firms are taking some of the worst losses as the Dow Jones industrial average fell as much as 619 points.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index sank 42 points, or 1.6 percent, to 2,626 as of 2:15 p.m. Eastern time. It was up as much as 13 points in the morning. The Dow Jones industrial average was down 503 points, or 2.1 percent, to 23,945. The Nasdaq composite dropped 144 points, or 2 percent, to 6,984.
Small-company stocks held up slightly better than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index declined 13 points, or 0.9 percent, to 1,548.
INDUSTRIAL WEAKNESS: Caterpillar had a strong first quarter, but company executives told analysts on a conference call in the late morning that the company doesn't expect to report a larger per-share profit for the rest of the year. The stock dropped 6.6 percent to $143.76.
Wall Street had cheered Caterpillar's results earlier in the day. The company said the strong global economy helped its sales of construction and energy industry machinery and it raised its forecasts for the year.
3M, which makes Post-it notes and industrial coatings and ceramics, shed 8.6 percent to $197.35 after cutting its annual forecast. 3M said raw materials costs are rising, especially for materials derived from crude oil, whose price has been rising, and transportation and logistics expenses are rising as well. Chemical companies and other materials makers could also see their profits affected as oil prices and other expenses rise. DowDuPont shed 4.4 percent to $62.73.
Elsewhere, defense contractor Lockheed Martin sank 7.3 percent to $332.28 and Boeing lost 4.3 percent to $324.40.
THE QUOTE: Stocks shot up at the end of 2017 and the start of 2018 as investors bet that the recent corporate tax overhaul would lead to bigger profits for American companies and greater economic growth. Gina Martin Adams, chief equity strategist for Bloomberg Intelligence, said that hasn't happened yet.
“We're not yet seeing a very strong recovery in the broader economic numbers that would suggest the impact of tax reform is more than just temporary,” she said. “The market is very impatient.”
Adams said the tax cuts may help stocks later on, but investors always want to see better and faster growth, and now they're not sure where that improvement will come from.
MISPRINT: Alphabet slid 5.3 percent to $1,017.05 after the company said ad revenue climbed, but expenses also rose. Google's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change.
Facebook fell 3.8 percent to $159.50 and Microsoft skidded 2.7 percent to $92.77. Another market favorite, Amazon, shed 4.3 percent to $1,452.47.
BONDS: Bond prices were little changed after an early dip. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note stayed at 2.98 percent, matching Monday's close. Earlier it peaked at 3 percent for the first time since January 2014. Low interest rates have played an important role in the economic recovery of the last decade by making it cheap for people and companies to borrow money.
The yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, and it's been climbing because investors expect greater economic growth and faster inflation.
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09, a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low, but they have climbed this year as inflation has picked up.
RINSE CYCLE: Appliance maker Whirlpool surpassed Wall Street's expectations in the first quarter. The maker of Maytag and KitchenAid products rose 5.5 percent to $158.58.
CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 108.59 yen from 108.65 yen. The euro rose to $1.2244 from $1.2205.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil shed 1.3 percent to $67.78 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 0.8 percent to $74.13 per barrel in London.
METALS: Gold rose 0.7 percent to $1,333 an ounce. Silver climbed 0.7 percent to $16.70 an ounce. Copper rose 1 percent to $3.14 a pound.
OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX lost 0.2 percent while the French CAC 40 added 0.1 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent, helped by the weaker yen. The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent.
Edgar Esqueda's body, showing signs of torture, found in San Luis Potosí
Esqueda had received threats from investigators over photos of shootout
Barbed wire surrounds a construction site on the outskirts of San Luis Potosí. The city, where journalist Edgar Esqueda was murdered, has been plagued by drug cartel violence. Photograph: Rebecca Blackwell/AP More
A Mexican photographer who was abducted at gunpoint from his home has been found dead, the seventh journalist to be killed this year in one of the world's most dangerous countries for media workers.
The body of Edgar Esqueda was found Friday morning near the airport in the industrial city of San Luis Potosí, some 200 miles (350 kilometres) north of Mexico City, according to local media.
Esqueda covered police and crime for the digital outlets Vox Populi SLP and Metrópoli SLP.
His family said he had been dragged from their home on Thursday morning by gunmen wearing police uniforms. The San Luis Potosí state attorney general's office tweeted a statement saying its officers were not involved in any abduction.
Vox Populi SLP reported on its Facebook page that Esqueda's hands had been bound and his body showed signs of torture.
Jan-Albert Hootsen, representative in Mexico for the Committee to protect journalists, said Esqueda had said he had been threatened by investigators over photos he had taken of a shootout.
State officials told the Associated Press no lines of investigation were being ruled out.
News outlets in San Luis Potosí reported that the photojournalist had reported the threats to the authorities.
“He was approached by five detectives [on 4 July] who threatened to take his camera and beat him up if continued taking photos,” according to a statement by a federal agency responsible for providing journalists with protection. “They made him erase material and ran him off.”
Esqueda was later confronted by state investigative police while covering another event 13 July and was asked to show his ID – which was photographed – and told by the officers that they would be watching him and his home, Mexican media reported.
The officers also suggested – without presenting proof – that Esqueda might be using his work to pass along information to criminals, the Associated Press reported.
Esqueda was the seventh journalist murdered in Mexico this year, according to CPJ. Four of those cases are confirmed to be related to the victims' work as journalists.
In March, the reporter Miroslava Breach was murdered as she drove her eight-year old son to school in the northern city of Chihuahua. The gunmen left a note saying: “For being a loud-mouth.”
Soon afterwards, Norte, the Ciudad Juárez newspaper she contributed to, closed down; explaining the decision, its editor Oscar Cantú Murguia said in a statement “there are neither the guarantees nor the security to exercise critical, counterbalanced journalism.
In mid-May, Javier Valdéz, founder of the Sinaloa state newsweekly Ríodoce, was pulled from his car as he left his office in the northwestern city of Culiacán and shot 12 times at close range.
Both journalists investigated drug cartel issues, though Valdez always expressed uneasiness with the confluence of political corruption and organized crime.
As in many previous attacks on media workers in Mexico, both crimes remain unsolved an unpunished.
On Friday around 100 people, most of them journalists, joined a protest in San Miguel Potosí. Some waved signs reading: “No more dead journalists” and “Am I next?”
“It continues being a matter of impunity,” said Javier Garza, a journalist in the northern city of Torreón.
“After all the outrage [over Valdez's murder], nothing happening. Anybody thinking about killing or kidnapping a journalist will say, ‘If they didn't do anything with a high-profile person like Javier Valdez, then they won't do anything in other cases.”
Mexico has registered 26,984 homicides in the first eight months of 2017, at 17 percent increase over the same period in 2016, according to government statistics.
San Luis Potosí state has boomed economically with the arrival of automotive investments in recent years, but also been plagued by drug cartel violence.
News of Esqueda's murder came on the same day Mexico squares off in a World Cup qualifying match against Trinidad and Tobago in San Luis Potosí.
Experimental outfit Animal Collective are coming back with The Painters EP, a companion project to last year's LP Painting With. The EP comes with three original songs recorded during the Painting With sessions. “Kinda Bonkers,” a trip of a song with a title that undersells itself, is out now. Listen to the new song and view the EP's track list—which includes a cover of Martha and the Vandellas' “Jimmy Mack”—below. The Painters are set to drop via Domino on February 17, two days before Painting With's anniversary.
The Painters track list:
1. “Kinda Bonkers”
2. “Peacemaker”
3. “Goalkeeper”
4. “Jimmy Mack”
Congressman Introduces PRIDE Act to Combat Violence Against LGBT People
‘Orphan Black' Star Jordan Gavaris Comes Out as Gay
Donald Trump delivered a statement reacting to the Congressional baseball shooting this morning in Alexandria, Virginia.
Trump reported that the shooter died from his injuries.
Alabama Historic NASA Photos
Marshall Space Flight Center
by Tim Lennox
NASA has organized millions of images it has collected from space and on the ground and posted them in an amazing searchable website. There are more than 800 images with an Alabama connection!
Here's the link to the NASA website:
https://images.nasa.gov/#/
Travellers stranded for over 20 hours – The Standard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
I have been interested in photography since I was a teenager. However, as so often happens to all of us, life gets in the way of our interests and passions sometimes. Jobs, mortgages, kids, and family responsibilities become our priority in what I have come to call the “First Act” of our lives. Having successfully raised two children into adulthood and recently retired from our jobs, my wife and I have now entered what I refer to as the “Second Act” of our lives.
I am in my fifties now, and in 2014 I retired from a career of being a police officer for 29 years. Being a police officer had also been one of my passions since I was a young man. During my 29 years of law enforcement, I always felt privileged and fulfilled to be doing the work, and I enjoyed every moment of it. However, at times it was tough, because as a police officer you can see some of the more sad and tragic sides of life.
Having completed that phase in my life, I turned my time to enjoying my family and grandchildren. I also turned to my photography with enthusiasm like I had never been able to do before. As those of you who are retired know, there often is a need to fill the void left from a successful career once that career has ended. Enjoying family and photography has become an important part of that fulfillment for me in this second phase. Through photography, I am now able to see more of the positive and beautiful sides of this world and life.
I enjoy all types of photography, but especially enjoy landscape photography. Since retirement, my wife and I have now been able to travel more often. In addition to seeing some amazing places here in the U.S., I am able to work on my landscape photography skills. However, you don't have to travel to enjoy photography. There are often many things to photograph in your own life, community or backyard. The key is to always be working on your photography and to want to get better at it.
I am continually learning how to become a better photographer. I am also learning how to become better at editing my photographs. I have even taken my photography to the next level by starting to print my own work myself. The learning is endless and should keep you challenged every day.
If you are like me and photography was not your career, or the time wasn't always there during the busy First Act of your life, know that it will be waiting for you. No matter whether you are retired yet or not, take time for your photography when you can, and keep your excitement for the Second Act. In many ways, this time of your life may be the exact opposite of the “previous life,” including the time you get to spend on photography.
Thank you to Photography Life reader Todd Ehrat for this essay and photographs, shared as part of our 2018 guest post contest! You can see more of Todd's images on his 500px page.
CAMDEN, N.J. — A defence lawyer for a woman accused of fatally beating her boyfriend with two metal frying pans claims that she was abused by the man.
A police probable because statement shows that Maleia Cole told police she was angry that Jason Lewis had walked out of the trailer where they lived after an argument.
Public defender Meg Butler said that while Cole wasn't acting in self-defence, she suffered from “more of a battered-woman syndrome.” She claimed that drug use led to outbursts from Lewis.
Superior Court Judge Edward McBride noted that Cole admitted to the Sept. 2 attack and ordered her held in Camden County Jail until her trial.
Lewis died from his injuries on Sept. 26.
RAMALLAH, Palestinian Territory — A young Palestinian-American is the driving force behind a nascent #MeToo movement in this patriarchal corner of the world, selling T-shirts, hoodies and denim jackets with the slogan “Not Your Habibti (darling)” as a retort for catcalls and writing down women's complaints from her perch in a West Bank square.
Yasmeen Mjalli wants to encourage Palestinian society to confront sexual harassment, a largely taboo subject.
“What I am doing is to start a conversation that people are really afraid to have,” said Mjalli as she put her merchandise on hangers in a clothing store.
The 21-year-old has faced backlash from conservatives and from some activists who say fighting Israel's occupation is the priority for Palestinians.
Her parents, who grew up in a Palestinian farming town, immigrated to the United States and returned to the West Bank five years ago, weren't pleased, either.
“To be able to have peace with them, I have to check my feminism at the door, which is very difficult because that's really who I am,” said Mjalli, who moved to the West Bank last year, after graduating from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro with a degree in art history.
Mjalli and other activists say that starting a conversation about sexual harassment doesn't mean copying the #MeToo movement in the United States, where victims are speaking out in growing numbers.
Cultural differences require a different approach.
Women across the Arab world have made strides toward equality, outnumbering men in many universities and joining the work force in growing numbers. Yet they struggle to break free from the constraints of patriarchy.
Traditional Arab societies assign rigid gender roles, with men as guardians of their female relatives' “honour” — effectively a ban on male-female friendships or sex outside marriage. Women violating those rules risk being ostracized or — in extreme cases — being killed by male relatives, who count on leniency from the courts.
Rules are looser among urban elites. But even in Ramallah — the most liberal West Bank town with many Western-educated Palestinians and foreigners — women watch their step.
Women risk getting blamed if they complain, said Wafa Abdelrahman, who runs a closed Facebook group for female journalists. “The blame will be, ‘for sure, you did something wrong or you gave the wrong signal, the way you dress, the way you talk',” she said.
University student Nadine Moussa, 22, said women know the trouble spots.
“I never ever walked in the city centre of Ramallah without being harassed verbally, but I don't face that in the neighbourhoods,” she said, adding that her co-ed campus is relatively safe.
Palestinian police receive few complaints about street harassment, said spokesman Loay Irzeqat. He believes some women fear unintended consequences, such as male relatives attacking accused harassers.
Police mostly deal with online harassment, with about one-third of some 2,000 electronic crimes cases in 2017 revolving around men blackmailing women for sexual or financial gain, he said. Typically, extortionists threaten to publish photos deemed compromising, such as showing a traditional woman without her headscarf.
Women lack legal protection, despite improvements such as the establishment of a police sex crimes unit, said Amal Kreishe, founder of the Palestinian Working Woman Society for Development to which Mjalli donates some of her proceeds.
Reforms of the penal code have been held up by the collapse of Palestinian parliament as a result of a decade-old split between President Mahmoud Abbas' West Bank autonomy government and the militant Hamas group in Gaza. Abbas has ignored appeals to change the code by decree in the meantime.
“All the talk about women's equality and rights is lip service,” said Kreishe.
Still, Kreishe has witnessed gradual changes. More women seek counselling from her group, which has referred about 200 complaints to police over the past two years — compared to a few dozen in previous years.
Across the Arab world, the prevalence of street harassment varies.
In Egypt, it remains widespread despite pushback from civil society and a 2014 law threatening up to five years in prison. Cairo has been described by some as the world's most dangerous mega city for women.
In the conservative Gulf Arab region, street harassment is relatively uncommon in smaller countries where religious and tribal codes restrict interactions between unmarried men and women.
In Saudi Arabia, it has become an issue of debate, as women prepare to drive for the first time this June, following the lifting of a government ban. In recent years, several videos went viral showing Saudi women in long black robes being heckled by men. Saudi King Salman has approved legislation criminalizing sexual harassment.
In the West Bank, Mjalli is pushing boundaries with what she calls “typewriter events.”
On a recent day, she sat behind a table in Ramallah's Clock Square, taking notes on a typewriter — chosen over a laptop as an attention-getter — as women sitting across from her shared stories about harassment. The event was also meant to generate support for passing laws protecting women, she said.
Her idea of designing clothes with a feminist message goes back to college.
At the time, she decorated her denim jacket with “Not your Habibti,” a take on the popular “Not Your Baby” slogan that reflected her Arab roots. Mjalli posted a photo of the jacket online last year for International Women's Day, stirring interest from potential buyers.
For a few months, she bought, transformed and sold second-hand jackets. In August, she launched her business, Baby-Fist, with workshops in Gaza and the West Bank making T-shirts, hoodies and jackets.
Mjalli estimates she has sold close to 500 pieces, with about 70 per cent of her sales in the diaspora.
Skeptics expect limited impact on Palestinian society.
Nader Said, a Palestinian pollster, said public discourse is crowded with issues seen as more pressing, mainly Israel's occupation of the West Bank and other lands Palestinians seek for a future state. Respondents listing top concerns in a survey ranked women's rights near the end, he said.
Abdelrahman, the activist, cheered on Mjalli.
“I am open to all things that will open up this dark closet that we prefer to hide in, pretending that everything is alright,” she said. “Let's open it and see what comes out of it.”
——
Follow Karin Laub on Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/karin–laub
——
On the Web:
http://www.pwwsd.org/
https://baby-fist.com/
——
Associated Press writers Mohammed Daraghmeh and Areej Hazboun in Ramallah, West Bank, Sam Magdy in Cairo and Aya Batrawy in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.
The senator, who alongside other public officials, was stoned by irate protesters in his constituency has given reasons for the Saturday incident.
According to Premium Times, Abu Ibrahim (APC, Katsina south) blamed his political opponents for the disruption of Saturday's All Progressives Congress, APC, rally in Funtua.
Amiru Tukur, the member representing Bakori/Danja federal constituency in the House of Representatives also narrowly escaped the mob action at the rally in Funtua, Katsina.
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that it took a combined team of security personnel to rescue notable politicians, including the governor's entourage, as they came under attack from protesters.
Stones and shoes were reportedly used in attacking the dignitaries.
Some vehicles in the entourage of the governor were smashed by irate youths while security personnel had to use tear-gas to disperse the crowds and free the dignitaries.
The event, according to NAN, was an APC rally where the ruling party was accepting defectors from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) and the Peoples Democratic Movement (PDM) and other parties into its fold.
The event however ended abruptly.
MARIANA, Fla. (AP) — Florida authorities say an inmate who killed his cellmate last month while awaiting trial for killing another cellmate in 2015 is now in solitary confinement.
The News Herald reports 21-year-old Frederick Patterson III said he killed his 82-year-old cellmate Arthur Williams on Jan. 15, and told correctional officers that “now there's one less child molester on the streets.”
Patterson, a convicted burglar, was sentenced Thursday to life in prison for killing 45-year-old Scott Collinsworth, a convicted robber, in the Apalachee Correctional Institution.
Patterson now faces a first-degree murder charge. Williams, who allegedly tried to lure a 9-year-old boy into his car, had been ruled incompetent 10 days earlier and was being held in the Jackson County Correctional Facility awaiting transfer to a mental facility.
WASHINGTON -- After a student gunned down 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida, talk turned to training and arming teachers so they could intervene in a school shooting. Even President Donald Trump endorsed the idea, saying it could make a school "a hardened target."
But what if students were taught, too, about gun handling and safety? What if that were part of the school curriculum?
The goal wouldn't be "to create Rambo," said Jon Godfrey, of Parish, New York. Rather, it would be "to create safe life knowledge."
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept & have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big & very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States. -- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 24, 2018
This is not an idea specifically prompted by Parkland.
Rather, it is the result of ongoing conversations that involve more than school shootings. A number of gun owners -- people who target-shoot and hunt or keep guns for protection -- say they see the need for young people who may handle guns to learn to handle them safely.
A gun is a powerful and deadly weapon, they acknowledge, but that's exactly why more training is needed. There are "millions and millions of guns in America; chances are, you will come in contact with one, one way or another, in your lifetime," said Ambar Ramos of Boston. "Therefore, I think people should know at least basic safety."
Today's topic: Should gun safety training be taught in schools?
The comments in this story are not just random. They were among those given in the course of "Guns, An American Conversation" an initiative by Advance Local newsrooms from across the country in partnership with Spaceship Media.
The monthlong project has brought together 150 engaged readers with a broad spectrum of opinions to talk about guns in an honest and civil way through a closed Facebook group
"It's not that you are promoting or demoting guns, it would just be educating on safety," said Vanessa Kooper, of Slidell, Louisiana. It would be "kind of like you teach kids about water safety."
Or, adds Ade Kelly, of East Orange, N.J., it could be "similar to how driver's ed is mandated at least in my state."
No way, said a Cleveland, Ohio teacher, Charles Ellenbogen. It's not as if teachers have time to add to the current school curriculum, he said.
"Don't expose my kids to gun culture," said Joe Vargo, of Columbus, Ohio. "It's not part of us and we're not part of it."
Should the AR-15 be regulated? More from "Guns, an American conversation"
The conversation is still continuing, and it involves parents, students, police officers, teachers, a resolution-conflict advocate, gun-rights advocates and proponents of more gun regulation. This is not just a pro-or-con gun dialogue. It is seldom that simple.
But ideas and seeds of ideas emerge in the the project's closed, moderated Facebook group, and the use of school curriculum has come up twice in these extended conversations. Critics may scoff, but proponents say guns are so prevalent in American society, whether they're legally owned or stolen, that it might be wise to make sure students know about their safe handling.
"There are around 400,000,000 guns in the US with another 20,000,000 being added every year," said Dan Zelenka, a Louisiana attorney, firearms rights activist and participant in the gun conversation. "It is not possible to completely insulate anyone from coming into contact with them. Gun safety training, including hunter's education classes, has led to a significant decrease in the number of gun accidents in the country. It is actually at a 115 year low with 495 in 2016. Why wouldn't gun safety classes be a good idea for everyone?"
Should America try a gun buy-back program? "Guns, an American conversation"
Pew Research Center polling shows that 58 percent of rural households have at least one gun, and 48 percent of suburban households say the same. The number drops to 28 percent when only urban residents are asked.
Inside the conversation
Here is a taste of how this conversation arose and played out.
It was sparked in part when Robert Davis, of Winter Haven, Florida, asked, "If 'education beats fear and ignorance,' why can't we talk about teaching kids gun safety and responsibility at schools? If a large part of the gun problem comes from kids, why don't we start there?"
Todd Bozes, of Fountain Hill, Pennsylvania, replied, "I think that is a very complicated proposition. I'm also not sure if a large part of the gun problem comes from kids."
In a subsequent email discussion, he explained what he meant. School boards would have to come up with a plan implement such training, including how it would be funded. School districts could face insurance ramifications for districts that wanted to offer this, Bozes said, and there could also be "major pushback" from parents in many areas of the country, especially if districts planned to have have real guns in the classroom. "I think it would have to be an optional course in most areas," he said.
Annie Du, of Cleveland, Ohio: "I agree. Many mass shootings are committed by adults, and they do not just occur in schools, but a variety of other public settings."
Davis: "If there wasn't a problem with kids and guns, there wouldn't be talk about raising the age to own a rifle... And how many school shootings were done by students?"
Rev. Kris Eggert, of South Euclid, Ohio: "I would not give permission for my kids to take training on guns."
Davis: "Since most propositions when it comes to guns are 'what if' situations, what if it is did help stop school shootings? Possibly other shootings as well? Would it at least be worth a look?"
Charles Ellenbogen, of Shaker Heights, Ohio: "We have enough to do (as teachers). Every time there's a societal problem, our only answer is 'Teach it at school.' I am no more going to teach gun safety than I am going to teach you how to do your taxes or change a tire."
Jon Godfrey, of Parish, NY, brought up the topic in another discussion, saying, "I feel school is an excellent venue, because it exposes the masses and doesn't need to be prolonged. It could also meet a basic requirement for those who need to have a safety standard level of training for responsible ownership. I bet the NRA would even offer instructors. Both my wife and I took our "hunter's safety course" in our schools. My wife's (great state of Wyoming) was done as part of her science class!"
John Noel Bartlett, of Oil City, Pen replied that the National Rifle Association might best be feft out of it.
"I would rather not have the NRA involved," Bartlett said. "I will be the first to say they have excellent programs, but the political baggage brought to the table would likely be bothersome to many. It is to me. Individually, whether you love guns or hate guns, it is imperative that you teach your children at a very young age what to do and NOT do if they find a gun, or one of their friends shows up with one."
Godfrey: "If we are considering parents objecting, how about parents rejecting sex education? It was deemed a public safety risk and the training is still in schools. The argument being, just because kids learn about condoms, doesn't mean they need to have sex. The same argument works here."
Joe Vargo, of Columbus, Ohio: "To be fair, way more people have sex than have guns."
Godfrey: "Do you think guns would be as large a public health issue as teen pregnancy?"
Vargo: "I think safety education is fine, unless it's about actually using or showing real guns. I'd be very against a training from the NRA, or one that glamorizes gun culture... Also, teen pregnancy is not usually fatal."
Vanessa Kooper, of Slidell, Louisiana: "You could always use dummy rounds instead of actual ammo in the classroom."
Ruth Grunberg, of Cortland, NY: "High schools have kids take care of a sack of potatoes, pretending it is their baby for a week. Safe gun storage could be included in that class."
Godfrey: "I look at this much like any other public health crisis. Teenage pregnancy and STD's were much worse until the introduction of sex education in school health classes. I remember parents not wanting that because it was their personal belief that they should be the deciding teacher of their children when and if they felt it appropriate. Public safety won and it's now taught, with limitations. Do you see a parallel?"
Jennifer Brush, of Solon Ohio, replied that she sees a difference, because while she wanted sex to someday be part of her child's life -- "just not yet" -- guns "don't have to be."
Equipment
8 lollipop sticks or popsicle sticks
Ingredients
8 Granny Smith apples
4 (4.51-oz.) bags soft caramels
3 Tablespoons heavy cream
Assorted toppings, such as chopped nuts, sprinkles or melted chocolate for drizzling
Directions
Wash and thoroughly dry the apples then press a lollipop stick firmly into the top of each apple. Line a baking sheet with wax paper.
Unwrap the caramels then place them in a medium saucepan set over medium-low heat. Add the heavy cream and cook the caramels, stirring occasionally, until they melt and the mixture is a smooth consistency. Reduce the heat to low.
Dip each of the apples into the caramel mixture, shaking off any excess and scraping any caramel off the bottoms of the apples. Roll the apples in your preferred toppings then place them on the lined baking sheet. Refrigerate the apples for 15 minutes or until the caramel has firmed up. Serve the apples immediately or store them in the fridge until ready to serve.
President John Dramani Mahama
President John Mahama will be leaving office in January 2017 to be succeeded by President-elect, Nana Akufo-Addo.
Ahead of his exit, the Presidential Emoluments Committee on the conditions of Article 71 office holders has made some recommendations of the package he should be given for his retirement.
The recommendations, which have already been approved by Parliament, include the payment of all utility bills at the residence of the outgoing President.
LAS CRUCES, N.M. — Zach Lofton matched career highs with four steals and seven 3-pointers, and finished with a season-best 34 points to lead New Mexico State in a 90-67 rout of UT Rio Grande Valley on Saturday for its ninth straight win.
New Mexico State (20-3, 7-0 Western Athletic Conference) has won 14 of its last 15 games. UT Rio Grande Valley (12-12, 3-4) had its two-game win streak snapped.
Lofton, who averages 19.9 points and 1.5 assists per game, was one point shy of a career best on 10-of-17 shooting from the field while adding a season-high six assists.
The Aggies' Jemerrio Jones chipped in 10 points and a matched a career-high with 20 rebounds for his 14th double-double of the season.
Nick Dixon scored 15 points and Greg Bowie had 14 for the Vaqueros.
A woman who died in hospital after a three vehicle crash has been named by police.
Julie Marlow, 38, from Pontefract, suffered serious life threatening injuries in the collision, which took place on March 13 at around 7.45am.
She was airlifted to Leeds General Infirmary, but despite treatment, she died later that day.
Officers from West Yorkshire Police's Major Collision Enquiry Team are appealing for witnesses as they continue to investigate the incident, which happened on Wrangbrook Lane in Upton.
Police said the vehicle the victim was driving, a Black Mercedes 4 x 4, was travelling towards the A1 when it was in collision with a Heavy Goods Vehicle travelling in the opposite direction.
This was followed by a collision with a smaller goods vehicle, also travelling in the opposite direction.
Two 42-year-old men remain in hospital receiving treatment for serious injuries, police said.
Sergeant Fiona Hoodless of the Major Collision and Enquiry Team, said: “We are continuing to investigate this fatal collision and would like to speak to anyone who can assist the enquiry.
“We would like to hear from anyone has seen any of the vehicles involved prior to the incident, or who witnessed the collision itself to come forward. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have dash-cam footage of the incident, or any footage that may show the vehicles involved prior to the collision occurring.”
Anyone with footage or information is asked to call 101 quoting reference number 13180119302.
It was not immediately clear whether Mr. Percoco saw the governor during his visits to Mr. Cuomo's offices, but his use of the office seemed to potentially violate laws intended to separate government from campaign activity.
Blair Horner, executive director of the New York Public Interest Research Group, said the mere presence of Mr. Percoco in the governor's Manhattan office was troubling, indicating that Mr. Cuomo's staff either didn't know about the rules prohibiting a campaign manager from using a government office, or chose to disregard it.
“It's pretty crystal clear you're not supposed to run political campaigns out of the governor's office,” he said. “And that's what this looks like.”
The overlaps are frequent: On May 13, 2014, for example, Mr. Percoco arrived at the Manhattan office at 8:23 a.m., taking an elevator directly to the 39th floor, according to the records of his electronic access card submitted on Monday by prosecutors from the United States attorney's office in Manhattan. And at 9:30 a.m., Mr. Cuomo began a meeting in his office, followed by another at 10:30 a.m., according to his schedule.
And when Mr. Percoco swiped out of the building — at 12:20 p.m. — the governor was also seemingly on the move. At 12:40 p.m., Mr. Cuomo had a Manhattan fund-raiser, an event that Mr. Percoco, as campaign manager, would likely have had a hand in planning.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Two days later, on May 15, Mr. Percoco arrived early again, and stayed till 2:13 p.m. Mr. Cuomo had a 1 p.m. meeting nearby. Two weeks later, Mr. Percoco was back at the office again, staying for an hour and a half during the afternoon while the governor had a 1 p.m. meeting.
Such synchronicities were not uncommon. Of the nearly two dozen days that Mr. Percoco's card was shown to have swiped into 633 Third Avenue from May 5 to July 14, Mr. Cuomo had meetings in the same office almost every day, though his schedules do not indicate how long they lasted, and do not show Mr. Percoco in attendance.
Mr. Percoco returned to Mr. Cuomo's staff on Dec. 8, 2014, according to state payroll records. In the week before that, however, he had apparently been a regular presence on the 39th floor again, with records showing he was in the building for three consecutive days, for hours at a time. And on each of those days, the governor had a series of meetings in his office.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Testimony from his former colleagues bears out that Mr. Percoco was often at the Third Avenue office. “I might see him for two or three days in the office and then not see him for a long time, and then he might be there again,” said Linda Lacewell, the governor's chief of staff, who testified last week.
Circumstantial evidence suggested that Mr. Percoco conducted business while at the Manhattan office; prosecutors presented evidence that from May 1 to Dec. 7, 2014, 837 calls, made over 68 days, were placed from the telephone on the desk that Mr. Percoco used at 633 Third Avenue.
Federal investigators have accused Mr. Percoco of receiving more than $300,000 in bribes in return for official actions on behalf of developers and a power company during his time working for the governor. Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat seeking a third term in the fall, has not been accused of any wrongdoing.
The governor's office has not commented on the Percoco trial, which is to start again on Monday in Federal District Court in Manhattan with the expected testimony of Todd R. Howe, a former aide of Mr. Cuomo's and a friend of Mr. Percoco's. Mr. Howe, who has pleaded guilty to corruption charges, is testifying for the prosecution.
Mr. Cuomo's office has not commented on the case, and declined again to do so on Friday.
Midzi death inquest postponed indefinitely
NewsDay
THE inquest into the death of former Zanu PF Harare provincial chairman, Amos Midzi, who is suspected to have committed suicide at his Beatrice farm in June 2015, has been postponed indefinitely although police say they have completed investigations …
False start to Midzi death inquest The Herald
all 2 news articles »
SPOKEN WORD OF THE DAY. Troye Sivan recites “Mystery of Love” from Call Me By Your Name.
ADAM SCHIFF. On the GOP standing by Trump: “I think one of the really sad realizations over the last year is not what kind of president Donald Trump turns out to be — I think it was all too predictable — but rather, how many members of Congress would be unwilling to stand up to him, and more than that, would be completely willing to carry water for him…I thought there would be more Jeff Flakes, more John McCains, more Bob Corkers — people who would defend our system of checks and balances, would speak out for decency, who would defend the First Amendment.”
LIES EXPOSED. Ben Affleck's midlife crisis back tattoo is real.
PROFILE OF THE DAY. What Hope Hicks Knows.
TONI ATKINS. California to get first female and first LGBT Senate leader: “San Diego Sen. Toni Atkins will make history Wednesday when she becomes the first woman and first lesbian to hold the California Senate's top job. A former Assembly speaker, Atkins is taking over the post of Senate president pro tem from fellow Democrat Kevin de Leon as the chamber gears up for election season and faces a number of thorny challenges, including a reckoning over sexual misconduct, a loss of the Democratic supermajority and an icy relationship with the state Assembly.”
SNAPPED. Snapchat's stock lost nearly $800 million in value after Rihanna denounced the app.
CHARLES DJOU. Former GOP Congressman leaves Republican Party, lashing out at Trump: “I can no longer stand with a Republican Party that is led by a man I firmly believe is taking the party of Lincoln in a direction I fundamentally disagree with, and a party that is unwilling to stand up to him. It disturbs me that the Republican Party under President Donald Trump is now defined as a party hostile to immigration.”
NEW ZEALAND. Gay rights activists demand compensation for convictions: ‘Following decades of petitioning by campaigners the government is working towards expunging the criminal records of convicted men, but has ruled out financial compensation, as have the British and Australian governments in similar circumstances. But veteran gay rights campaigner Bill Logan says New Zealand should follow the “civilised” example of Germany and Canada in awarding compensation to the hundreds of men whose lives were “ruined”.'
TOUCHED BY AN ANGEL. KennethInThe212 offers his thoughts on Angels in America on Broadway.
BREAK-UPS. Gay porn power couple Brent Corrigan and JJ Knight split.
My heart is heavy as I share the news that @JJKnightXXX & I are no longer taking on the world together. All the good in JJ will shine bright now that he has chosen make a new life for himself. Please be considerate of our privacy in the meantime. Thank you. pic.twitter.com/e79xsn891H — Brent Corrigan (@BrentCorrigan) March 18, 2018
TEASER OF THE DAY. Queens, a new web series.
BOOK REVIEW OF THE DAY. Jake Shears “Boys Keep Swinging”.
MONDAY MUSCLE. This couple all dolled up for St. Patty's Day.
PITTSBURGH — Evgeni Malkin had two goals and two assists, Phil Kessel added two goals and an assist, and the surging Pittsburgh Penguins rolled past the Washington Capitals 7-4 on Friday night.
Bryan Rust, Carl Hagelin and Patric Hornqvist also scored for the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, who won their fourth straight to pull within four points of first-place Washington in the crowded Metropolitan Division.
Sidney Crosby had two assists to push his scoring streak to 11 games, the longest active streak in the NHL. Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for Pittsburgh, which won its seventh consecutive home game by jumping on the Capitals early then pulling away late.
Alex Ovechkin scored twice to push his season total to an NHL-best 32 and Dmitry Orlov and Evgeny Kuznetzov also scored for the Capitals. Braden Holtby finished with 27 saves but gave up three goals in the opening 8 minutes of the third period before being pulled in favour of Phillpp Grubauer as Pittsburgh broke open a tight game.
WILD 5, GOLDEN KNIGHTS 2
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Eric Staal had two goals and an assist to lead Minnesota past Vegas.
Charlie Coyle, Tyler Ennis and Jared Spurgeon also scored, Jonas Brodin had three assists and Matt Dumba added two to help the Wild win their second straight after the All-Star break. Devan Dubnyk stopped 22 shots.
Eric Haula had a goal and an assist, Nate Schmidt also scored, and Colin Miller added two assists for Vegas, which remained a point behind Tampa Bay for the best record in the league. Malcolm Subban made 30 saves.
RED WINGS 4, HURRICANES 1
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Darren Helm had a goal and two assists, Petr Mrazek stopped 36 shots, and the Detroit Red Wings beat the Carolina Hurricanes 4-1 on Friday night.
Gustav Nyquist, Danny DeKeyser and Trevor Daley also scored for the Red Wings, who won their second straight after dropping six of eight.
Helm was at the centre of it all, assisting on DeKeyser's tying goal and Daley's go-ahead score before finding the net himself on a breakaway late in the third period.
Sebastian Aho scored for the Hurricanes, who snapped a three-game win streak. Scott Darling made 34 saves while losing for the sixth time in his last seven starts.
SHARKS 3, BLUE JACKETS 1
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Kevin Labanc had a goal and an assist, and Martin Jones stopped 28 shots to help San Jose snap a four-game losing streak.
The Sharks' first two goals came on power plays, with Labanc getting a wide-open look at the net with a 5-on-3 advantage in the second period. Logan Couture and Marc-Edouard Vlasic also scored for San Jose.
Sergei Bobrovsky had 25 saves for the Blue Jackets, who have lost two in a row and five of their last seven. Boone Jenner had the lone goal as Columbus continues to struggle offensively.
President Donald Trump and his allies are trying to use a congressional memo that alleges FBI surveillance abuse to raise questions about the origins of the investigation into his campaign's possible Russia ties. But that memo includes revelations that might complicate efforts to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry.
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI, when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate, relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats. At the same time, the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier, and was “triggered” by information involving a different campaign aide.
Christopher Steele, the former spy who compiled the allegations, acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments. But he also was a “longtime FBI source” with a credible track record, according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and his staff.
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request, but was approved by a judge on four occasions, the memo says, and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general.
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo. As a result, the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited.
Some Republicans are citing the memo, released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department, in their arguments that the Mueller investigation is politically tainted. Even before Trump declassified it, he was telling confidants he believed the memo would validate his concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him.
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture.
“Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative,” Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email.
The memo's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page's communications, failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI's suspicion had been partially funded by Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee.
Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer.
Republicans say a judge should have known that “political actors” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation has consistently and strenuously denied.
Steele's research, according to the memo, “formed an essential part” of the warrant application. But it's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon.
The FBI this week expressed “grave concerns” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work.
For one, Democrats said Friday that it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016, months before the surveillance warrant was sought, and was “triggered” by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos. He pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI and is co-operating with Mueller's investigation.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump's inner circle, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence.
The memo focuses on Page, but Democrats on the House committee said “this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture.”
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias. The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions, meaning that judges approved it four times. One of the Justice Department officials who signed off on it was Rosenstein, a Trump appointee.
Trump, who lambasted the FBI and Justice Department on Twitter, was asked if he was more likely to fire Rosenstein and if he still had confidence in the official. The president simply said, “You figure that one out.”
The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release.
That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump's law enforcement leaders.
Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo's disclosure, arguing it could set a dangerous precedent.
The memo's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation. His probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign co-ordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller, Jill Colvin, Catherine Lucey, Matthew Daly, Desmond Butler and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Jeremy Lawrence Caradonna, Adjunct Professor of Environmental Studies, University of Victoria
One of the biggest knocks against the organics movement is that it has begun to ape conventional agriculture, adopting the latter's monocultures, reliance on purchased inputs and industrial processes.
“Big Organics” is often derided by advocates of sustainable agriculture. The American food authors Michael Pollan and Julie Guthman, for example, argue that as organic agriculture has scaled up and gone mainstream it has lost its commitment to building an alternative system for providing food, instead “replicating what it set out to oppose.”
New research, however, suggests that the relationship between organic and conventional farming is more complex. The flow of influence is starting to reverse course.
Practitioners of conventional agriculture are now borrowing “organic” techniques to reduce the use of pesticides, artificial fertilizers and excessive tillage, and to increase on-farm biodiversity, beneficial insects and soil conservation.
All of a sudden, many conventional vegetable farms are starting to look organic.
Organic goes mainstream
Next to nothing has been written on this subject. A rare exception is a 2016 article in the New York Times that profiled conventional farmers in Indiana who had started to use “cover crops.”
These non-commercial crops build organic matter into the soil, fix atmospheric nitrogen and add biodiversity to an agroecosystem, while allowing farmers to reduce artificial fertilizer inputs.
As organic agriculture has scaled up, it has gained credibility in the marketplace as well as on the farm. Organic farming has roots in market gardens and smaller farms, but there is nothing that prohibits organic production at larger scales.
That often means bigger farms, hundreds — or thousands — of acres in size.
This move toward the mainstream has caught the eye of many conventional farmers, who have either transitioned to certified organic production or begun to integrate organic practices on conventional plots.
Market share not the whole story
Even with the upscaling, the market position of organic agriculture remains limited.
In Canada, organic sales grow by nearly 10 per cent per year, and the total value of the organic market is around $5.4 billion. Yet the reality is that the industry is still dwarfed by conventional agriculture.
There are more than 4,000 certified organic farms in Canada, totalling 2.43 million acres. But this accounts for only 1.5 per cent of the country's total agricultural land.
Also, aside from the two organic heavyweights — coffee (imported) and mixed greens (mostly imported) — the market share of organic groceries is pretty small, at around three per cent.
Yet the influence of organics is felt well beyond its own limited market.
Testing the market
Many growers divide their farms into separate conventional and certified organic zones. This “split production” is a way to learn organic growing, test the market and hedge one's bets against yield issues.
In 2017, as part of a research project on organic transition funded by the Canadian Organic Growers (COG), I travelled across the country and conducted in-depth interviews at farms that had recently transitioned from conventional to organic farming.
Half of the 12 farms I visited practised split production. What's significant (and totally unanticipated) is that all of the farms in split production had also introduced organic techniques to the conventional portions of the operation.
With familiarity came trust.
Adopting organic techniques
These are not mom-and-pop operations. The list includes Canada's biggest organic vegetable operation — Kroeker Farms/PoplarGrove in Winkler, Manitoba — and many other large vegetable farms across the country.
They used compost, manure and/or cover crops, had cut back on toxic and persistent pesticides, reduced tillage and embraced longer and more biodiverse crop rotations. In the process, they had also protected and promoted pollinators and beneficial insect predators.
Kroeker Farms, a megafarm that has 4,800 acres under organic production and another 20,000 or so in conventional production, is leading the trend toward a more organic-like conventional system.
“We try really, really hard to use organic-type pesticides or biological 1/8control agents3/8 in our conventional, because once you spray with a more lethal spray that's a broad spectrum 1/8pesticide3/8, the pests flare up after that,” the CEO of the company, Wayne Rempel, told me.
Trending nationally
Similar trends are found across the country.
In Prince Edward Island, Red Soil Organics has begun to plant fall rye — a classic organic cover crop — as part of the rotation on its conventional side, a bit like those farmers in Indiana.
Another PEI farm, Square One organic, uses cover crops, manure and tine weeding (a common, low-impact, mechanical weeding technique used on organic farms) on their conventional plots.
The cover crops and manure have allowed the farm to reduce its use of nitrogen fertilizer by about 10 per cent. This reduces nitrogen runoff into waterways, which can cause algae blooms and kill aquatic species.
The combination of tine weeding and perennial cover crops has also allowed the farm to reduce or eliminate herbicide use on the conventional side of the farm. “We're managing our soil organic matter in totally different ways,” says owner Matt Ramsay.
It's impossible to know the cumulative ecological benefits of this growing trend. Organic techniques, such as composting and the use of cover crops, are not tracked closely by Statistics Canada. With more research, we might have a better sense of the benefits.
Grounds for action
The motivations are easier to define. Farmers have made it clear that organic techniques work well, organic inputs are generally cheaper than conventional ones, and organic practices have a beneficial impact on the agroecosystem.
Yet until a conventional farmer begins the transition to certified organic growing, he or she often knows or cares little about organic practices. Right now, the best way for a farmer to learn about organic growing is by reading handbooks, attending conferences and taking courses.
It might be the case that Big Organics has begun to look like conventional farming. But it appears to be the case that, at least on some Canadian farms, Big Conventional is starting to look like organic.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/organic-agriculture-is-going-mainstream- https://theconversation.com/organic-a
DICKSON, Tenn. — A Tennessee sheriff's deputy was fatally shot during an altercation Wednesday, and police were searching for a suspect believed to be “armed and dangerous,” authorities said.
Authorities identified the suspect as Steven Wiggins, who is described as a white male with balding brown hair.
The deputy was killed following a traffic stop early Wednesday, authorities said.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and other police agencies searching for Wiggins say he's armed and dangerous.
MELBOURNE, Australia — Melbourne will test a terrorism alarm system this month after police thwarted two alleged plots targeting Christmas-New Year crowds and a lone driver killed six pedestrians in the last year in Australia's second-largest city.
Loudspeakers are being installed at more than 90 sites across downtown Melbourne as part of the alarm system that will be tested on Dec. 28, Victoria state Acting Police Chief Commissioner Shane Patton said.
The speakers will sound a siren and police instructions to the public in the event of a terrorist attack.
Patton told reporters in Melbourne, the state capital, that even though Victoria “is essentially a very safe place,” action must be taken to “make sure that we are resistant to terrorism.”
Police last month charged a 20-year-old Australian-born citizen with Somali parents with preparing to commit a terrorist attack in Melbourne. Police allege he planned to use an automatic rifle to shoot ad many people as possible in downtown Federation Square on New Year's Eve.
Four men are waiting to stand trial on terrorism charges after they were arrested in December last year over a similar alleged plot to attack Federal Square and other public places in Melbourne over the Christmas-New Year period. The four will stand trial next year on terrorism charges.
A 27-year-old man has been charged with six counts of murder and 28 of attempted murder after allegedly driving a stolen car along a Melbourne pedestrian mall on Jan. 20. His lawyers have told the court he is unlikely to be mentally fit to enter pleas.
Welland Civic Square could see an upgrade if council approves the development of a concept plan for changing the public area in front.
A report from city staff says the civic square has the potential to be a landmark in the downtown core and that downtown revitalization is an important part of the overall health of a community.
It says the space has seen an increasing in interest, with events such as movie nights and community events broadcast on the big screen bringing in local residents.
“In order to continue the growth of these events, and to attract future community gatherings, a revitalization strategy for (the) civic square is necessary,” the report says.
It adds that Niagara Region has contributed, in kind, an architect holding the position of manager of urban design, to work on the project and produce the concept drawings, and renderings for the revitalization of the civic square.
Click image for a larger image
Spithill: “This is the boat we're going to use to win the America's Cup”
The boat will be officially launched and christened with champagne tomorrow. It will go for its first sail as soon as the weather permits.
Click image for a larger image
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
G New
15 February 2017 6:24 GMT
Authorities in Saudi Arabia have announced that the ban on public cinemas will be lifted after more than 30 years.
The movies will return to the country in March, 2018, following news that the building of new cinema facilities in the capital of Riyadh was announced in October.
Cinemas have been banned since 1982, after clerics pressured the government into doing so.
It was among a number of measures taken that both discouraged public entertainment, and also the mixing of men and women.
Though some censorship of material could be possible, Deadline reports that the country's General Entertainment Authority wants the new output to be ‘like 99% of what is going on in London and New York'.
“Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification,” said the Minister of Culture and Information Awwad bin Saleh Alawwad.
“By developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities, as well as enriching the Kingdom's entertainment options.”
Alawwad added that it would be ‘a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the Kingdom'.
It's thought that by 2030, there could be over 300 cinemas in the country, with over 2000 screens in all, while the plans could bring in as much as $24 billion to the economy and create 30,000 jobs.
The British chain of cinemas Vue is among those who are aiming to get involved, its founder Tim Richards saying: “They have some incredible plans in place and we would very much like to be a part of that going forward.”
The move has been met with widespread approval.
Haifaa al-Mansour, the female Saudi director of the upcoming Mary Shelley and the country's first Oscar contender Wadjda in 2013, called it ‘a beautiful day'.
It marks another notable shift in the culture of the ultra-conservative country.
In September, 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman Al-Saud, who is being seen as a more progressive force in the Saudi royal family, issued a royal decree that allowed women to drive for the first time.
Read more
First reactions for Star Wars: The Last Jedi
Former Dustin Hoffman co-star alleges sexual misconduct
Bryan Singer wants to work with Kevin Spacey again
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — The Washington Nationals' competition for the fifth starter spot could run beyond opening day.
The Nationals signed eight-year veteran Jeremy Hellickson to a minor league contract over the weekend, adding him to the mix that already included A.J. Cole and Erick Fedde. He would get a $2 million, one-year deal if added to the 40-man roster and the chance to earn $4 million in performance bonuses.
“We like the rotation we have,” Washington general manager Mike Rizzo said. “This just adds another layer of depth for us.”
The 30-year-old Hellickson is scheduled to make his first Grapefruit League appearance in one of Friday's split squad games. Cole will start the other game.
Depending on how that outing goes, the NL East champions might leave Hellickson behind at the spring training facility when they break camp on Sunday, allowing the right-hander to continue to build arm strength in the minor league camp.
Rizzo cited past experiences rushing Joe Blanton and Matt Wieters through camp as reasoning for not pushing Hellickson, who says he's ready, to join the rotation sooner. With that in mind, the Nationals gave Hellickson an opt-out clause in his contract that can be executed later than the traditional date prior to opening day.
“When you don't have your spring training, it just snowballs and you never catch up,” Rizzo said.
The Nationals have some leeway in the decision's timetable should Rizzo want more time. Off days early in the schedule could allow Washington to skip the fifth starter the first time through the rotation and still allow Max Scherzer to make his second start of the season on his full four days of rest.
Washington attempted to do something similar last season, sending scheduled fifth starter Joe Ross to the minors to start the season and calling up Jeremy Guthrie from the minors to make a spot start. Guthrie surrendered 10 runs while getting only two outs and didn't pitch again.
“I don't know if we're going to play any games with not having a fifth starter and kind of piecing it together,” Rizzo said. “That backfired on us last year when we tried to do that. I learned my lesson with that one. Tried to be too cute.”
The Nationals don't have to get as cute this season. Cole pitched well on Sunday, striking out six while allowing only one run in four innings. If Cole doesn't win the rotation spot, he'll be in the Nationals' bullpen.
“Oh, he's going to make the team,” Rizzo said of Cole. “He's out of options, he's got a great arm, he's a good prospect.”
On Monday, manager Dave Martinez officially announced Max Scherzer as the opening day starter in Cincinnati. Stephen Strasburg gets the second start, followed by Gio Gonzalez and Tanner Roark.
Hired in late October, Martinez may have waited until the Grapefruit League's final week to officially announce Scherzer as his opening day guy, but he made the decision much earlier.
“The day I got the job,” he said.
Fedde, a former first round pick, still has options and is likely ticketed for the minors.
Hellickson arrived in camp on Saturday bent on showing he's not the same pitcher who struggled so badly during his short stint with Baltimore.
The 2011 American League Rookie of the Year while with Tampa Bay, Hellickson went 8-11 between Philadelphia and Baltimore last season. After the trade to the Orioles on July 28, Hellickson posted a 2-6 record with a 6.97 ERA.
“I just put a little too much pressure on myself, I think,” Hellickson said. “Once things started going bad it just kind of snowballed. Obviously, the numbers weren't good.”
The Nationals have reason to believe Hellickson can rebound this season.
“We found a couple of differences in his delivery that I know he's worked on in California and he's taken here,” Rizzo said. “Hopefully he can make that little adjustment.”
NOTES: Shortstop Trea Turner left Washington's clubhouse on Monday to take care of an ingrown nail on his right big toe. He could return to the lineup as early as Tuesday, Martinez said. Earlier this spring, star outfielder Bryce Harper had the same problem.
“That's been the trend of spring,” Martinez said.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Comment:
Name:
9,000 FCT Register for Anchor Borrowers' Programme
The FCT Administration has said that about 9,000 farmers in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) have so far been registered to participate in the CBN's Anchor Borrowers programme.
The acting Secretary, FCT Agriculture and Rural Development Secretariat, Dr. Musa A. Aliyu who made this disclosure during a press briefing on the activities of the Agric Secretariat in the last two years, said 16 Village Extension Agents and 800 farmers from the Area Councils have been trained and will be issued certificates on the day of formal launching in the FCT.
The Anchor Borrowers programme he explained was targeted at small holder farmers who are into crops where FCT enjoys comparative advantage like rice and soya beans production.
He said: “In line with the mandate of this sub-sector in driving programmes in the agricultural sector, the FCT Agricultural Development Project continued to provide innovative advisory services on global agricultural best fit technologies to about 200,000 farming families. The achievements so far include: The average yield of rice increased from 2.0 metric tons/hectare to 3.5 metric tons per hectare; cassava witnessed upward review from 16 metric tons/hectare to 20 metric tons/hectare.”
Aliyu said the FCT Administration has also strengthened the capacity of 2,000 farmers associations by way of training and linkage to agricultural finance.
He said: “The FCT ADP continued to collaborate with the Japan International Cooperation Agency, Competitive Africa Rice Imitative, British America Tobacco Nigeria Foundation, United States Agency for International Development, Food and Agricultural Organisation, the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, Central Bank of Nigeria, Notore Fertilizer Company, National Association of Nigeria Traders etc.”
The Secretary also stated that pest management control has helped to curtail the spread of the tomato pest otherwise referred to as “Tuta Absoluta” which affected farmers in 2016.
On the release of counterpart funding for the World Bank/Fadama III additional financing programme, Aliyu disclosed that the FCT Minister, approved the release of the counterpart funding for the commencement of the World Bank-assisted Fadama III Additional Financing project. Already, about 200 farmer groups have been registered to benefit from the project, he said.
According to him, “The success recorded during the implementation of the project, informed the decision of government to seek its extension of the project period to December 2017, with an additional financing of $200 million which is hinged on ramping up production and development of the value chains for four selected staple crops which are Rice, Sorghum, Cassava and Horticulture (tomato).”
“Third National Fadama Development Project Additional Financing (FADAMA III AF) came into effect by 2014 nationally. However, in the FCT, the project did not take off due to the non-payment of outstanding counterpart fund (part 2011, 2012 and 2013).
“The Minister of FCT, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello on assumption to the mantle of FCTA leadership immediately saw the need to enable FCT Fadama III AF to come to effect, thus approved the immediate payment of outstanding amounts up to 2013.”
“In order to boost fish production, the FCT was selected as one of the 5 states to benefit in the cage fish farming project. The Minister has already directed the Secretariat to key into the project and ensure that youths and fisher-folk communities are carried along.
“To develop and manage forest resources on a sustainable basis, the FCTA in line with its forest conservation policy, raised 30,000 seedlings of different species of forest trees in Bako Bwari Nurseries and distributed to schools and individuals for planting” Aliyu stated.
He also disclosed that the FCT minister recently approved a complete ban on unauthorised transportation and selling of fresh meat into FCT markets from neighbouring states, stressing only live animals can now be brought into the territory for slaughtering and inspection before sale at the markets. This became necessary in order to stem the sale of donkey and horse meats in the FCT meat markets.
The Secretary stated however that where such demand to bring in fresh meat into the territory is deserving, the operator will have to seek official approval from the Agric Secretariat before doing so.
In his words, “…the Minister in 2015 directed the Secretariat to embark on the clean-up of abattoirs within the Territory. The exercise, which is aimed at evacuating the pile up of abattoir waste as well as remove the illegal structures has helped to reduce congestion and has enhanced effective monitoring of all activities in the abattoirs to ensure that they conform with acceptable hygienic standards.”
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Groundbreaking System Could Help People with Locked-In Syndrome Doctors have used a brain-reading device to hold simple conversations with “locked-in” patients in work that promises to transform the lives of people who are too disabled to communicate. The groundbreaking technology allows the paralyzed patients -- who have not been able to speak for years -- to answer “yes” or “no” to questions by detecting telltale patterns in their brain activity. Three women and one man, aged 24 to 76, were trained to use the system more than a year after they were diagnosed with completely locked-in system, or CLIS. The condition was brought on by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, a progressive neurodegenerative disease which leaves people totally paralyzed but still aware and able to think. “It's the first sign that completely locked-in syndrome may be abolished forever, because with all of these patients, we can now ask them the most critical questions in life,” said Niels Birbaumer, a neuroscientist who led the research at the University of Tübingen. “This is the first time we've been able to establish reliable communication with these patients and I think that is important for them and their families,” he added. “I can say that after 30 years of trying to achieve this, it was one of the most satisfying moments of my life when it worked.” All of the patients, who are fed through tubes and kept alive on ventilators, are cared for at home by family members. To train the patients on the system, doctors asked them to think “yes” or “no” in response to a series of simple questions, such as “Your husband's name is Joachim” and “Berlin is the capital of France.” During the sessions, the patients wore a cap that uses infrared light to spot variations in blood flow in different regions of the brain. As they answered the questions, a computer hooked up to the cap learned to distinguish the blood flow patterns for “yes” and “no” in each patient. When the patients scored at least 70% on the training questions, the doctors moved on to more personal questions. The most important of these were about quality of life. Perhaps unexpectedly, all four patients indicated that they were “happy” with life, suggesting that locked-in syndrome might not be the living hell many presume it to be. But while the renewed ability to communicate with the world was a boon for the patients and their carers, not all of the answers went down well. One patient was a 61-year-old man whose 26-year-old daughter asked whether she should marry her boyfriend, “Mario”. Her father said “no” nine times out of ten. “She went ahead anyway,” Birbaumer told the Guardian. He did not ask if she regretted ever posing the question. The findings, reported in the journal Plos Biology, do not mean that all locked-in patients are content with their lives. The four patients involved in the study had all chosen to be kept alive on a ventilator once their own breathing had failed, a decision that suggested they did not wish to die. Only a small percentage of CLIS patients who are moved on to ventilators survive the transition. “We have never had a patient who survived outside family care,” Birbaumer said. But patients with locked-in syndrome have reported a good quality of life before, even matching that of healthy people of the same age. Birbaumer said the reasons are unclear, but he wonders if patients become focused on the good social interactions around them, and even experience something akin to a state of meditation because they cannot feel or move their bodies. “We find that they see life in a more positive way,” he said. For his next project, Birbaumer wants to build a system that allows patients to communicate more proactively, rather than simply answer questions. In the 1990s, the French journalist, Jean-Dominique Bauby, who became locked-in after a massive stroke, dictated his bestselling memoir, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, by blinking his left eye to select letters from the alphabet. Birbaumer believes a system that reads brain activity could achieve the same ends for completely locked-in patients who cannot even move their eyelids. Adrian Owen, a neuroscientist at the University of Western Ontario, has been exploring whether the same technology, known as functional near-infrared spectroscopy, or fNIRS, can be used to communicate with other kinds of brain-injured patients, including those who are presumed to be in a vegetative state. “The results of this study suggest that we are on the right track,” he said. “Finding a portable, cost-effective and reliable means for communicating with patients who are entirely physically non-responsive is the holy grail for those of us working in this field. If these findings can be replicated in a larger group of patients they suggest that fNIRS may be the answer. “One of the most surprising outcomes of this study is that these patients reported being ‘happy' despite being physically locked-in and incapable of expressing themselves on a day-to-day basis, suggesting that our preconceived notions about what we might think if the worst was to happen are false. Indeed, previous research has shown that most locked-in patients are actually reasonably satisfied with their quality of life,” he added. Image Credit: Model wearing CLIS (pictured). Photograph by: Wyss Center, www.wysscenter.ch. © 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Health, Brain, Biology, Disease, Scientists, Researchers
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Today Thumbtack, the app that finds you local professionals for almost anything, releases its latest research on Millennial entrepreneurs. Thumbtack surveyed 4,000 small business owners between the ages of 18 and 35 across the U.S. and found Millennials are leaving traditional jobs and utilizing technology to start their own business, pursue professional passions and to find personal fulfillment.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005433/en/
“Millennials are motivated by much more than financial success,” said Lucas Puente, Thumbtack's Lead Economist, who conducted the survey. “This cohort finds being an entrepreneur financially rewarding, but they are most focused on being able to pursue their individual passion.”
Highlights from the research:
Increasingly, Millennials choose independent work and entrepreneurship over traditional 9-5 employment. 40 percent of Millennials plan on leaving their full-time employers to work as a freelancer within five years. (Only 23 percent of workers in Gen X and 13 percent of Baby Boomers say the same.) Millennials use technology to help grow their business, utilizing social media for marketing (84 percent) and platforms like YouTube to answer customer questions. Financial incentives are not the main factor in starting a business for Millennials — three in five report starting a business to be more fulfilled, not to make more money. This group is focused on work they are passionate about and quality of life in choosing how and when to work. Millennial entrepreneurs are not tied down to a traditional office setting. Only 11 percent of Millennials report working from an office, while 27 percent work from home. Twenty-seven percent use public spaces like coffee shops or libraries and 11 percent use co-working spaces. And for those whose craft doesn't require a desk at all? They reported working from dance studios, flower shops, tennis courts and swimming pools — teaching, coaching and making their products by hand.
“Photography is my passion. I can do whatever I want in my own space and I'm the one ultimately deciding my destiny,” said Danielle Powell, a Thumbtack Pro photographer in Kansas City, Mo. “Having my own company is very liberating. The sky's the limit. And being self-employed, you don't experience age discrimination or workplace politics.”
In terms of the best cities for Millennial entrepreneurs to start, operate and grow a small business, this year Kansas City, Mo. ranked first for small business friendliness. Sixty-one percent of the Millennials running a small business in Kansas City told us that their local government was “somewhat” or “very supportive” of businesses like theirs. Additional top cities include: Seattle, San Antonio, Minneapolis and Nashville, Tenn.
For more details about top cities for small business friendliness for Millennial entrepreneurs, please visit our interactive survey results page. For the full report, visit our https://www.thumbtack.com/blog/millennial-entrepreneurship/.
Top Cities for Millennial Entrepreneurs
1. Kansas City, MO
2. Seattle, WA
3. San Antonio, TX
4. Minneapolis, MN
5. Nashville, TN
6. Atlanta, GA
7. Tampa, FL
8. Austin, TX
9. Washington, DC
10. West Palm Beach, FL
11. Charlotte, NC
12. St. Louis, MO
13. Houston, TX
14. Sacramento, CA
15. Dallas, TX
16. Phoenix, AZ
17. Miami, FL
18. Philadelphia, PA
19. Boston, MA
20. Anaheim, CA
21. Denver, CO
22. Fort Worth, TX
23. San Francisco, CA
24. Chicago, IL
25. Orlando, FL
Top Occupations for Millennial Entrepreneurs
(By volume)
1. Photographer
2. Landscaper
3. Handyman
4. General Contractor
5. Cleaner
6. Painter
7. Personal Trainer
8. Videographer
9. Junk Remover
10. Carpenter
Survey Methodology
Thumbtack Lead Economist, Lucas Puente, PhD, surveyed 4,000 skilled professionals between the ages of 18 and 35 from across the U.S., operating across hundreds of categories, including as electricians, music teachers, wedding planners, wellness professionals and more. The survey asked about the policies of their states and cities toward small business, as well as what it's like to start and run a small business in their community. For the survey methodology, please visit: https://www.thumbtack.com/survey. Thumbtack additionally conducted focus groups of Millennial pros across the country for insights.
About Thumbtack
Thumbtack, headquartered in San Francisco, was created to solve a seemingly simple problem: local professionals need customers so they can run and grow their business. Customers need local pros too, but have trouble finding the right ones. So in 2008, the Thumbtack founders developed a marketplace bringing the two together. Since then, the platform helped hundreds of thousands of skilled professionals build successful businesses and help 25 million customers with everything from plumbing, to catering, to personal training to math tutoring. Learn more at www.thumbtack.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005433/en/
CONTACT: Thumbtack
Justine Gananian
press@thumbtack.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET SOFTWARE SMALL BUSINESS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
SOURCE: Thumbtack
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 12:00 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 12:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005433/en
Adopt New Business Strategies Or Lose Jobs, ARIAN Tells Insurance Agents
With the incessant increase in the number of online agents ready to offer services such as; insurance, and so on, the President, Association of Registered Insurance Agents of Nigeria(ARIAN), Mr. Gbadebo Olameru, has warned his colleagues to embrace new business strategies or lose their jobs.
Olameru, who was speaking at the 7th Annual Conference and Award Ceremony in Lagos, noted that the era of traveling from one place to the other to close insurance business deals is fast fading away, as most multi-billion naira deals are now being sealed on iInternet and social networks.
This, he said, means some agents might be out of jobs sooner than later, if insurance agents refused to accept this change.
According to him, “The dynamics of our business climate is gradually changing where everything that matters is in the cloud, the internet and social media campaign are gradually building multi-billion naira organisations with their skyscraper head office solely built in the cloud without any physical office.”
He cited an example of an Insurance Agent, Omolola Omogoye, who brought a whooping N70 million insurance premium in one transaction, a transaction that was closed through Facebook platform from someone she has never met. “I can imagine how many bus stops she has to pass through to meet this man if Facebook was a street in Lagos,” he added.
Stating that the business is changing, he stressed that if agents want to maintain their relevance in the insurance industry, they must research more, increase their appetite for knowledge by becoming a professional in the industry and a taste of great ambition.
He urged insurance agents to be the only reliable and relevant stakeholder to move the industry to its next level because retail business is the only access that can grow the industry.
The director, Insight and Customer Strategy, Oracle Corporation, Mrs. Genevieve Mbama, said the era of face to face marketing, moving from one office to the other in search for business, is gone, as internet is gradually taking over that job.
“While will you be walking round the streets of Lagos, under a scotching sun to look for customers that are in their offices. There are millions of people already on social media that are using Internet-enabled gadgets and needs your service,” she said.
She urged insurance agents to increase insurance awareness, build trust, ensure they are visible to the people as well as change the negative perception of the people about insurance, through delivery of quality service to insurance consumers.
On his part, Founder & Lead Strategist, Hexavia, Mr. Eizu Uwaoma said: “ The world is changing and this change means internet and social media are going to be taking over some jobs. You have to restrategise your business model to stay afloat of the change that will be coming in the next five to 10 years.”
He was unhappy that insurance industry in the country is still focusing majorly on Oil and Gas sector for business, when the world is gradually moving away from oil, noting that retail market is the future of insurance business.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
Moon Alert
We have the “all clear” today to shop and do business. The Moon is in Taurus.
Aries (March 21-April 19)
Remember that you are the artisan of the zodiac. Today when you handle physical items or objects that you own, you might see creative uses for them. Or you might see a way to change them or redecorate them or make money from your ideas. Who knows?
Taurus (April 20-May 20)
Today the Moon is in your sign dancing with Neptune, which makes you feel sympathetic and kind hearted to everyone. Don't overreact. Don't give away the farm. However, look for ways to practice small kindnesses with others because this will make you feel wonderful.
Gemini (May 21-June 20)
Today you're willing to put your needs and wants second to the needs and wants of someone else. Sounds like a noble decision. But do not do this with any kind of resentment or expectation. You might also tie up some loose ends today – if you have enough string.
Cancer (June 21-July 22)
Relations with a friend, especially a female, will be warm and cozy today. You will each have each other's back. (And if you're the same size, you can even exchange jackets.) Good day to discuss your hopes and dreams for the future to try on ideas.
Leo (July 23-Aug. 22)
Because the Moon is at the top of your chart today, personal details about your private life might be public, especially in the eyes of bosses, parents and VIPs. This might be minor or it could mean you are front-page news. Either way, people will feel sympathetic to you.
Virgo (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
You will enjoy travel today. You will also delight in any chance to admire the beauty and creations of other cultures whether it is their architecture, their jewelry, their clothing or their arts and crafts. You might also fall in love with someone who is “different”.
Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
You might encourage others to help someone who needs assistance today by doing fundraising or using your influence. If you have to decide how to share something with someone, you will be more than fair because you are in a generous and sympathetic mood.
Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
Be accommodating and helpful with others because the Moon is in a sign that is opposite your own sign today. That's just how it works. When the Moon is your own sign, then others must accommodate you. But that's not the case today. Therefore, be giving.
Sagittarius (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
If you are at work today, someone might come to you for advice or want to confide their problems to you. Personally, you will use this day to mull over ideals that you have – thoughts about how to live the perfect life and all that. One can dream, can't they?
Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You are in touch with your muse today, which is why you are full of wonderful, creative, sensitive ideas! If you work in the arts – trust your impulses. You will also be successful dealing with children today. Likewise, romance will be the stuff of movies.
Aquarius (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
You will be generous with a family member today if you can. If necessary, you will listen patiently to offer your counsel, sympathy or support – physical or otherwise. Your aim is always to think globally but act locally.
Pisces (Feb. 19-March 20)
Your imagination is heightened today, which is why this is a great day for writers, poets and artists. But even in your everyday activities, you might see an entirely new approach to something or a new way of doing things.
If Your Birthday Is Today
Actor Dylan Baker (1959) shares your birthday today. You are determined about getting what you want. However, you are charming and tactful. This year you will take inventory and view your past triumphs and failures because you are finishing a nine-year cycle. Some of you will let go of people, jobs, places and things in order to move on to something new. Fortunately, it's a time of also moving away from heavy burdens.
IDF Chief of Staff Lieutenant-General Gadi Eizenkot has decided to make changes to the Joint Service Order in the wake of scathing criticism of the order by Religious Zionist rabbis.
The new order allows an officer of career soldier placed in a mixed unit to apply for transfer based on the recommendation of the Army Chief Rabbi. It also states in contrast to the previous order that "the order will be implemented while maintaining the honor and beliefs of all soldiers."
IDF spokesman Brigadier-General Ronen Manalis said that the new order maintains Jewish identity while allowing for joint service.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov speaks with his Senegalese counterpart during a meeting in Moscow on April 17, 2017 (AFP Photo/Vasily MAXIMOV)
Russia on Monday warned Washington against launching a unilateral strike on North Korea, after US Vice President Mike Pence said the era of "strategic patience" with Pyongyang was over.
"This is a very risky path," Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a news conference in Moscow.
"We do not accept the reckless nuclear missile actions of Pyongyang that breach UN resolutions, but that does not mean that you can break international law," he said.
"I hope that there will not be any unilateral actions like the one we saw recently in Syria."
Pence on Monday warned North Korea not to test President Donald Trump's resolve, declaring that "all options are on the table" for curbing its missile and nuclear weapons programmes.
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Defying international pressure, the North on Sunday tried to test-fire another missile in an attempt that failed, but which fuelled fears that it may be preparing for its sixth atomic weapons test.
Pence said that the era of US "strategic patience" in dealing with the North was over, after more than two decades.
"In the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan," Pence said.
"North Korea would do well not to test his resolve, or the strength of the armed forces of the United States."
The Road to WrestleMania got a little shorter Wednesday as WWE SmackDown LIVE came to the Honda Center in Anaheim.
John Cena, Bray Wyatt, American Alpha and The Ascension showed their stuff along with many other fan favorites.
Click through the slideshow to see the highlights.
Las Vegas Strip headliner David Copperfield is due to return to the witness stand in a lawsuit by a British tourist who claims he was seriously hurt in a fall while taking part in one of Copperfield's signature illusions in 2013.
The magician resumes testimony Tuesday after last week revealing secrets behind a trick that appears to make volunteer audience members vanish onstage and appear a few moments later in the back of the theatre.
Plaintiff Gavin Cox of Kent, England, alleges he fell after being hurried by stagehands through an MGM Grand hotel alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin.
Copperfield's lawyers lost pretrial bids to close proceedings to the public to avoid revealing performance secrets
Cox and his wife are seeking unspecified damages.
Watching Fall leaves turn colors is amazing but when they fall to the ground raking & bagging them is no fun. But fortunately Lifestyle Expert, Stefaney Rants stopped by to share some handy tricks from Greenworks Tools to make Fall cleaning a breeze! Visit lowes.com for easy Fall clean-up!
Advertisement
The Fast and Furious movies have gone through several cast changes and genre evolutions over the last decade and a half, but one thing has remained the same: Dom's necklace. The silver cross first worn by Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel) in 2001's The Fast and the Furious has taken on a greater significance with every new film. A symbol of his love for Letty, and a constant reminder that Dom is the Jesus figure of his crew, the necklace (custom-made for the films, per costume designer Sanja Hays) plays a key role in the events of the eighth movie The Fate of the Furious (in theaters now). Here, we trace the evolution of Dom's necklace from flashy accessory to unofficial cast member.
Warning: This post contains spoilers for every ‘Fast and Furious' film to date.
—The necklace makes its debut when Dominic, an auto mechanic secretly running a crime ring, challenges Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker), an undercover cop, to a quarter-mile race in Los Angeles in 2001's The Fast and the Furious. Dom wears it in just that one scene with a black sleeveless t-shirt, later to become a signature look.
—Dom and his crew move to the Dominican Republic, where they're living undercover at the start of Fast & Furious (2009). Unbeknownst to the audience until 2015's Furious 7, Dom privately marries longtime girlfriend Letty Ortiz (Michelle Rodriguez) while they're in the Caribbean. In lieu of a ring, he wraps the necklace around their hands.
—During a traditional “Our fuel tanker heist went really well!” celebration in the Dominican Republic during Fast & Furious, Dom learns that the police are closing in on his crew. For Letty's protection, he decides to leave her…with the necklace wrapped around a pile of cash on the bedside table.
—With Dom gone, Letty returns to Los Angeles and works on restoring Dom's 1970 Dodge Charger (which crashed dramatically during the climax of the first film). She hangs the necklace from the rearview mirror. Dom finds it there after he learns of Letty's “death.” The necklace remains a car ornament for the rest of Fast & Furious, except when Dom is fidgeting with it (as he does during a rendezvous with Gisele Yashar, played by Gal Gadot, who leads him to Letty's murderer).
—At the start of 2011's Fast Five, fugitive-from-the-law Dom makes his grand entrance wearing the cross with a black muscle tee. It stays put when Dom takes a flying leap off a bridge into a river and survives: our first indication that the cross may have quasi-supernatural powers of protection.
Read More
Barcelona Appoints Eric Abidal as Club Ambassador
Eric Abidal has been appointed an ambassador at Barcelona, the club where he played for six seasons.
Abidal, who won the Champions League with Barcelona in 2011 despite undergoing surgery to remove a tumour on his liver two months earlier, rejoined the club on Wednesday.
The 37-year-old made 193 official appearances for Barcelona, winning four LaLiga titles in his time at Camp Nou, but the Frenchman played down his status at the club.
“It's a joy to return to officially form part of the club,” Abidal told Barça TV. “We had been talking for a while and now today it's gone through. As ambassador I am going to represent the club in the best possible way in other countries.
“It will always be a pleasure to share moments with the club's former players and, above all, to transmit the message and values we have around the world – but I am not a legend.
“It's true my story marked a lot of people at the club, above all on a football level, but also on a personal level because of my illness.”
After leaving Barcelona in 2013, the former France international went on to play for Monaco and Olympiacos before announcing his retirement from the game.
Abidal follows Ronaldinho in returning to Barcelona to take up an ambassadorial role at the club after the Brazilian's appointment was confirmed in February.
“Éric Abidal has come back home and as FC Barcelona ambassador he'll help us to promote the club's values around the world,” QUOTE FROM OFFICIAL TWITTER HANDLE OF THE CLUB.
The post Barcelona Appoints Eric Abidal as Club Ambassador appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – It's that time of year again, high school football season is underway in the Tampa Bay area!
To celebrate, each Friday morning, WFLA News Channel 8's Anthony “Double-A” Allfred will visit one local high school for a pep rally to remember.
This week, Double-A stopped by Robinson High School to see how the Knights are getting pumped up for their game Friday night against the Brandon Eagles.
Check out the video above and be sure to tune in and watch more high school football coverage from WFLA News Channel 8 during football season-
High School Blitz Pep Rally
Friday mornings from 6:30 to 7 a.m. on WFLA News Channel 8
Friday mornings from 7 to 9 a.m. on WFLA News Channel 8
High School Football Team of the Week
Thursdays from 4 to 6 p.m. on WFLA News Channel 8
Game of the Week
Fridays from 4 to 6 p.m on WFLA News Channel 8
Friday Night Blitz Show (Game highlights and scores)
Fridays at 11:15 p.m. on WFLA News Channel 8
The Atlanta rapper dropped a freestyle over Kendrick Lamar‘s “DNA” during a visit to the L.A. Leakers show on Power 106. On it he raps: “Half a million for the restaurant, I have to renovate / Man, I got so many demons please don't make me demonstrate.”
After the freestyle 2 Chainz gives the TDE rapper a shout out, saying “shout out to Kendrick. He is the illest one doing it in the game.”
Watch 2 Chainz freestyle over “DNA” below.
DETROIT — Audi is recalling about 1.2 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the electric coolant pumps can overeat and possibly cause a fire.
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4, the 2013 to 2017 A5, the 2012 to 2015 A6, and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017. All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines.
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in U.S. government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris, or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short. An Audi spokesman in the U.S. said there have been reports of fires but he had no details.
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners. The spokesman said Tuesday that redesigned parts won't be ready until November, but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available.
Audi recalled the same vehicles last year and dealers did a software update. But the company says in documents posted Tuesday by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that pump problems continued.
Audi will send out recall letters on or before June 11.
LANSING, Mich. — Local crackdowns on short-term housing rentals have ignited a fight in Michigan's Capitol, with homeowners and lobbyists lining up for and against legislation that would allow the rentals in all residential zones and prohibit treating them differently through zoning.
The bills are being pushed by the Michigan Realtors group, which accuses municipalities of trampling on property rights with overly restrictive and unfair rules. On the other side are lodging, tourism and local officials who worry about the unrestrained growth of short-term vacation rentals through online platforms such as Airbnb and HomeAway. Each community, they contend, should be free to regulate the rentals as they see fit without state interference.
Short-term rentals have become an increasingly contentious issue at the local level, especially in summer tourist destinations along Lake Michigan. Grand Rapids, Traverse City, Holland and Grand Haven are among communities with regulations such as requiring owner occupancy or special use permits.
The legislation would define a short-term rental as any rental of a single-family residence, one- to four-family house or any condo lasting under 28 days at a time. The rental of a dwelling would be deemed a residential and permitted use in all residential zones statewide. It could not be deemed a commercial use of property. Local regulations for noise, advertising, traffic and “other conditions” would be allowed if applied consistently.
Supporters and opponents are mobilizing ahead of potential legislative hearings on the House and Senate bills this fall. The Realtors association — whose political action committee is among the most prolific fundraisers of cash that can be spent on candidates and elections, according to the Michigan Campaign Finance Network — has run one-minute radio ads across the state. Tourism and local leaders held a news conference with some frustrated lakeside homeowners in recent days to express their “deep concerns” with the legislation.
“This is a one-size-fits-all solution being imposed out of Lansing and it isn't the right way to go,” said Deanna Richeson, president and CEO of the Michigan Lodging and Tourism Association, which says the bills would silence the concerns of year-round residents. It worries that unregulated short-term rentals undercut hotels and the tax base.
Suzanne Schulz, managing director of design, development and community engagement for the city of Grand Rapids, said homes in residential neighbourhoods are increasingly being “converted into hotels” by people who own multiple properties — making it even tougher for families to find affordable housing in tight markets particularly in Grand Rapids, Ann Arbor and Traverse City.
But the bills' backers say cities and townships have overstepped and should instead address nuisance and occupancy complaints through enforcement actions. Real estate agents report uncertainty by potential homebuyers who are anxious about being unable to rent out their second home to help cover the taxes and other expenses.
One of the bill sponsors, Republican Rep. Jason Sheppard of Temperance, said there are “a lot of misconceptions” about the legislation. The intent is to pre-empt local governments from banning short-term rentals through zoning while still allowing them to have registration and other policies, he said.
“If it's your property and you own it, I think you should be allowed to do with it what you want to do with it — following guidelines. What those guidelines would be is occupancy guidelines, making sure you're not being bad neighbours just like any other rental of a home,” Sheppard said.
Brian Westrin, public policy and legal affairs director for the Michigan Realtors, said communities have been reinterpreting their zoning laws, allowing short-term rentals in some zones but not others, or banning them as a commercial use.
“The bills are intended to do that one thing — prevent outright bans of this longstanding practice through zoning,” he said.
The issue is not just significant in western and northern Michigan. Two of Airbnb's top four Michigan markets are Detroit and Ann Arbor.
Though the fate of the legislation is uncertain, it could receive a friendly reception from majority Republicans who have disregarded “local control” arguments when passing business-backed laws that overrode local wage requirements and plastic bag limits. Other pre-emption bills, such as a proposed ban on potential local food and beverage taxes, may be enacted soon.
——
Online:
House Bill 4503: http://bit.ly/2wCW51r
Senate Bill 329: http://bit.ly/2yvMTAw
——
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert
MOSCOW — The wine was flowing under the chandeliers of the luxury London hotel ballroom when Gareth Southgate was given a painful reminder of the most agonizing moment of his playing career.
Surrounded by current and former players, Southgate was trying to look forward to his World Cup as England coach when he was taken back 22 years.
Inside the awards' dinner speech at the Grosvenor House in April, Southgate had to endure the penalty miss that led to England losing the 1996 European Championship semifinal being a punchline in a speech by Professional Footballers' Association chairman Ben Purkiss.
Many athletes would have recoiled at being the object of derision in an audience of their peers. Purkiss later felt compelled to contact Harry Kane to explain a joke at the England striker's expense.
But Southgate hasn't tried to hide away from his own misfortune in the glare of the world — from the self-deprecating Pizza Hut advertisement at the time to talks with the England squad now under his command.
“When something goes wrong in your life,” Southgate advises, “it doesn't finish you.”
You can even lead the national team.
Progress at the World Cup in Russia has been secured by the shootout that has haunted England for so long. A victory over Colombia on Tuesday carried the English into their first World Cup quarterfinal since 2006 and was the work of meticulous planning.
England teams have been practicing penalties for years without being able to find a way of coming out on top when games end tied after extra time and the winner is determined by a test of strength between a striker and goalkeeper separated by 12 yards (meters).
So much of Southgate's job has been about changing the mindset of a country that is credited with inventing soccer but has been scarred by failures on the international stage, aside from the senior team's only title at the 1966 World Cup.
Players had been told for years that penalties were a lottery. Southgate told them it was a process they could own.
“It's not about luck,” he said ahead of the 4-3 shootout win over Colombia. “It's not about chance. It's about performing a skill under pressure. There are individual things you can work on within that. We have to know who is in charge, who needs to get out of the way, who can speak with clarity to the players.”
Not fearing failure was a significant psychological hurdle to overcome.
Southgate embraced his own public humiliation to help the current generation of players prepare to cope with setbacks. At the St. George's Park training complex in central England, the messages and tactics have been transmitted through the age groups of England teams.
Slowly, England is shaking off its losing mentality. Victory in the under-20s World Cup in June 2017 was followed by glory in the under-17s edition in October, and now Southgate's squad remains on track to add a third FIFA title.
Whereas past England sides might have recoiled after conceding a stoppage time equalizer to Colombia, this group held on through extra time and broke the penalties' curse.
Before Tuesday night in Moscow, England since 1990 had been knocked out of three World Cups on penalties and three European Championships. The only success came at the Euro '96 against Spain before Southgate's miss in the semifinal against Germany.
With England fans outnumbered by Colombians in the Spartak Moscow stadium, it was an even greater test of nerves for Eric Dier to make the winning kick against Colombia.
“It was like an out-of-body experience,” Dier said Wednesday. “I just tried to stay in the moment.”
Southgate has been working to remove players from their comfort zone after seeing — as a UEFA technical observer — how Roy Hodgson's England froze under pressure and was eliminated by Iceland in the Euro 2016 round of 16. Players were taken last year to the Royal Marines' Commando Training Centre. One exercise at the boot camp saw players submerged in water.
“(Southgate) wanted to change the way we are and try something different,” Kane recalled. “Because in recent times we haven't been great for England in tournaments. It's about trying to change that mental attitude.”
Southgate had initially rejected the chance to succeed Hodgson after the Euro 2016, believing he lacked experience, having only coached a senior team for three years at Middlesbrough until 2009.
But after three years as England's under-21s coach, Southgate was jettisoned into the top job in September 2016 by an unexpected vacancy when Sam Allardyce lasted just one game before his brashness and unguarded bar talk forced the English Football Association to part company.
At 47, Southgate has been keen to look beyond soccer for inspiration, particularly on trips to NBA and NFL games. He has retained steeliness while bringing compassion and warmth to the job.
The defining image, perhaps, of Tuesday in Moscow was not Southgate celebrating but of him consoling Mateus Uribe, whose eyes were covered by his Colombian jersey after his missed kick. That's a reflection of the human touch England players have come to expect from Southgate.
“We have spoken a lot about togetherness,” Kane said, “and we've got a great bond off the pitch.”
——
Rob Harris is at http://www.twitter.com/RobHarris and http://www.facebook.com/RobHarrisReports
——
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
17:49 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Shaked rebukes Natalie Portman Read more Justice Minister visits Tanzanian hospital whose doctors were trained in Israel, tells actress who refused Genesis prize that is Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
INDIANAPOLIS — Dr. Henry Bock, a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier, has died. He was 81.
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with his caregiver, who was working directly with the family.
Bock served as the track's senior director of medical services from 1982-2006. He held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996-2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring.
Though he developed new treatments for drivers, Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks.
Transcript for NYC police respond to reports of explosion at Port Authority Bus Terminal
This is an ABC news. And we're coming on the air right now because there's been an explosion at the Port Authority bus terminal here in New York just about a half mile hear from Times Square you see the scene. Right there police reporting an explosion believed to be according to police sources from a pipe bomb. A suspect reported to be in 'cause he would district ABC's GOP NATO's on the scene at the Port Authority bus terminal. Hey dork right now we're seeing a lot program Yorker who locked locked the police are all walks going here if you don't Port Authority and order authority is the lady took what terminal here in New York City. It goes on perp walk the block. And right now police say they're over audit report. That I Walt end or cold here that a little topical pipe bomb detonated have to wait. Below ground over Port Authority so that's where all of the puppet and don't eat well but we don't note that looked. You know boss or your beat but the open who has been so few people look we're out of Port Authority you know that one person had been cut the lead at the quarry equally important. All you you heard right out the work but holy crap video they are confident that we can say quite doubt doubt that a court as you know. If you're rapid alert gulf according to there and all of the exploit could only those who. We have had no question about that meantime subways have been diverted away from the terminal. That's right and you could be equally that the Baltic we have low traffic area directly at the time of the morning or you have people going to work all be commuter. Rely on Port Authority the people are dead police are doing their best try to get people away from the area just to make sure that they have the Balkan period. That is a live look at the scene at the Port Authority bus terminal here in New York City or deport an explosion. Earlier this morning as we just heard from police won custody. I won one suspect is in custody right now some people have been injured. Just getting the report seeing right now we're gonna stay on top of this all morning long we've got that on Good Morning America. This has been a special. From BP.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Edo APC abandons Oyegun, endorses Oshiomhole for national chairman
Edo State caucus of the
Progressives Congress, APC,
yesterday, unanimously endorsed
former Governor Adams
Oshiomhole to contest for the
national chairmanship of the party
in the forthcoming convention.
State Chairman of the party,
Anselm Ojezua, who disclosed
this after a meeting of party
chieftains at the Government
House in Benin City, said the
party resolved to proceed with
the congress at the wards, local
government and state levels.
“The state chapter of the party
unanimously resolved to support
the former governor to vie for
the position of national chairman
at the national convention billed
to hold on May 14 in the Federal
Capital Territory, FCT.”
Senate Deputy Chief Whip,
Senator Francis Alimikhena, said
Comrade Oshiomhole is the right
man to take over the leadership
of the party at the national level
when the tenure of the present
Chairman, John Odigie-Oyegun,
ends in June.
Member representing Etsako
Federal Constituency at the
House of Representatives,
Johnson Oghuma, said the state
caucus of the party agreed that all
votes from Edo State should be in
support of Comrade Oshiomhole.
“The position of the state caucus
is not negotiable. Oshiomhole has
the experience to take the party
to the next level, especially as the
2019 presidential election draws
close.”
Member representing
Egor/Ikpoba-Okha Federal
Constituency, Ehiozuwa
Agbonayinma, also said
Oshiomhole has the charisma to
comfortably lead the party at the
national level.
“The state caucus has
collectively done the needful by
requesting Comrade Oshiomhole
to assist in re-organising and
preparing the party for the 2019
presidential election.”
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LEEDS, Ala. — Police say an Alabama man has been fatally shot after he began firing at officers.
Leeds police Chief Ronald Reaves told AL.com the man was killed Thursday night when he opened fire despite instructions to put down his weapon. Reave says an officer fired two rounds at the man before he died at the scene. No officers were hurt.
The deceased man's name has not been released. The officer who fired the gun is on administrative leave until an investigation is complete. The races of the men were not available.
The officers had been called out about a dog being shot and were talking to witnesses when they heard gunfire. After going toward the sounds, they found an armed man who lived in the area.
State investigators and the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office are assisting with the probe.
