ISTANBUL: Turkey announced on Wednesday (Feb 15) an ambitious bid backed by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to host the Euro 2024 football tournament, brushing off concerns over security and infrastructure.
The football authorities hope it will be second time lucky for the bid after losing out to France to host the 2016 event by one vote, but Turkey is likely to face strong competition from Germany.
Turkey in 2014 withdrew its bid to host final stage matches of Euro 2020 -- which uniquely will be held across Europe -- in favour of focusing on a one country bid for 2024.
Turkish Football Federation (TFF) chief Yildirim Demiroren said the bid would be formally presented to UEFA on March 2, just before the March 3 deadline for candidates.
"This time it is our right to host the championships," he told reporters at TFF headquarters.
He thanked Erdoğan for the support, adding: "I believe we are moving together on this path."
Sports Minister Akif Cagatay Kilic said that Turkey now had the best stadium infrastructure in Europe and its only rival in terms of recently built venues was the United States.
"In the last years, Turkey has made a great step forward in terms of stadiums," he added. "Turkey is able to organise anything on a world sporting level."
Turkey has in the last years embarked on a massive spree of stadium building, opening a new 42,000 seat venues in Konya in 2014, a similar size venue for Istanbul side Besiktas last year and most recently a new stadium for Trabzonspor by the Black Sea.
- 'Olympics bid taught us' -
The Turkish authorities were bitterly disappointed that Istanbul lost out to Tokyo in the race to host the 2020 Olympics and believe the country now has the infrastructure in place to host a global sports event.
Turkey had also in 2010 lost out narrowly by one vote -- and in controversial circumstances -- to France in the bidding to host the 2016 Euro competition.
It had also been keen to host Euro 2020 and the Turkish authorities were angered by UEFA's decision to hold the competition across European cities.
Kilic did not rule out another bid in the future to host the Olympics, saying the failed 2020 candidacy "taught us a lot" and helped "increase our capabilities".
In the 2024 race, Turkey will face competition from 2006 World Cup hosts Germany -- which has already confirmed its interest -- as well as possibly a joint bid from Scandinavian nations.
But the bid may be shadowed by concerns over security after the July 15 failed coup and a slew of terror attacks in 2016 that left hundreds dead, as well as whether Turkey's transport infrastructure is up to hosting a nationwide tournament.
"I don't think there will be any problems with transport," said Kilic.
He compared the rapid construction of Istanbul's third airport -- due to open next year -- with the repeated delays in opening Berlin Brandenburg airport in Germany.
The country has seen in the last years a massive overhaul of its infrastructure in projects spearheaded by Erdoğan as he seeks to make Turkey a top 10 global economy.
Screening for colon cancer should begin earlier, at age 45 instead of 50, due to an uptick in colorectal tumors among younger people, the American Cancer Society said on Wednesday.
The new guidelines came after research showed a 51 percent increase in colorectal cancer among people under 50 since 1994, and an accompanying rise in death rates.
“When we began this guideline update, we were initially focused on whether screening should begin earlier in racial subgroups with higher colorectal cancer incidence, which some organizations already recommend,” said Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer for the American Cancer Society.
Groups known to suffer disproportionately high rates of colon cancer include African-Americans, Alaska Natives, and American Indians.
“But as we saw data pointing to a persistent trend of increasing colorectal cancer incidence in younger adults, including American Cancer Society research that indicated this effect would carry forward with increasing age, we decided to reevaluate the age to initiate screening in all US adults.”
The new guidelines do not specify which kind of test people should get, but includes options such as a traditional colonoscopy — which should be done every 10 years — or high-sensitivity stool analysis which depending on the type, could be done every year to every three years.
Regular screening should continue until age 75, and “clinicians should discourage individuals over 85 from continuing colorectal cancer screening,” because the risk of complications outweighs the benefits at that age, said the report.
– Mysterious rise in cancer –
Experts say it is unclear why colon cancer rates are on the rise in younger people.
Research shows that adults born around 1990 have twice the risk of colon cancer and four times the risk of rectal cancer than adults born around 1950, who have the lowest risk, said the report in CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians, a peer-reviewed journal of the American Cancer Society.
Meanwhile, colon cancer rates in people older than 55 are declining, largely due to screening and removal of precancerous polyps.
According to Elena Ivanina, a gastroenterologist at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York, the 51 percent increase in colorectal cancer among those under age 50 since 1994 is an “alarming” trend.
“The reason for the increase is currently not known but possibly associated with obesity and sedentary lifestyles, heavy alcohol use and chronic inflammatory conditions, which are all on the rise,” said Ivanina, who was not involved in crafting the guidelines.
She applauded the move toward earlier screening, saying it “will benefit the general public.”
Another widely respected medical group which issues screening recommendations, the United States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF), decided not to recommended in 2016 that colon cancer screening start at 45, saying any additional benefit would be “modest.”
The American Cancer Society urged people to talk with their doctors about which kind of screening to pursue, based on risk factors like family history, diet, alcohol consumption and exercise patterns.
“I would say an actual colonoscopy would be the best for multiple reasons,” David Bernstein, chief of hepatology at Northwell Health in New York, told AFP.
“It is the only one of those tests that actually prevents cancer. It allows you to find polyps before they become cancer.”
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's Reliance Communications (RCom) (RLCM.NS) said on Wednesday it expects to complete its asset sale to Reliance Jio Infocomm and Canada's Brookfield (BAMa.TO) in coming weeks, after the bankruptcy appeals court halted insolvency proceedings against the debt-laden company.
A man speaks on his mobile phone as he walks past a closed shop painted with an advertisement of Reliance Communications in Mumbai, January 29, 2018. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files
The 181 billion-rupee ($2.7 billion) asset sale by businessman Anil Ambani-controlled RCom includes airwaves, fibre, mobile masts and real estate assets in Delhi and Chennai, the company said in a statement, as it aims to prune its debt pile.
Telecom assets such as towers and airwaves will be sold to Jio, RCom has previously said. Brookfield is involved in a small real estate transaction with RCom, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. An email from Reuters seeking comment was not answered by RCom outside of business hours, while Brookfield did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Jio is the telecoms venture of Reliance Industries (RELI.NS), controlled by Ambani's elder brother and India's richest man Mukesh Ambani.
The asset sale follows a settlement with telecom gearmaker Ericsson (ERICb.ST) for partial payment of dues owed by RCom to the Swedish company.
An appeals tribunal in New Delhi on Wednesday put on hold insolvency proceedings against RCom as part of the settlement and asked it to pay Ericsson 5.5 billion rupees ($81.5 million) by the end of September.
The National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) also asked RCom and Ericsson to file an affidavit by June 7 stating they will abide by the settlement.
RCom had filed an appeal with the NCLAT after the National Company Law Tribunal earlier this month admitted an insolvency plea against the company filed by Ericsson.
Ericsson, which signed a seven-year deal in 2014 to operate and manage RCom's nationwide telecom network, was seeking 11.55 billion rupees from the company and two of its subsidiaries.
On Tuesday, RCom said its unit Reliance Infratel had reached a settlement with its minority shareholders in relation to the sale of its tower and fibre assets.
With debt of 457.33 billion rupees at the end of March 2017, RCom is the most-leveraged listed telecoms carrier in India.
Like other Indian telecoms firms, RCom has been hit by a fierce price war over the last year, especially after the entry of Reliance Jio, which offered free voice and cut-price data plans. Once India's second-biggest phone carrier, RCom shut down its mobile business late last year.
Separately, RCom's consolidated net loss widened to 198.27 billion rupees in the quarter to March, compared with a loss of 11.12 billion rupees a year ago, as the company provisioned for asset impairments.
($1 = 67.4900 Indian rupees)
CTV London
A 17-year-old boy is recovering in hospital after being thrown off a sea-doo on Lake Erie Tuesday.
Air ambulance was called to Turkey Point after off-duty officers witnessed the incident.
The officers and other bystanders immediately helped pull the boy from the water before he was taken to hospital in London.
His injuries are described as serious but non-life threatening.
Provincial Police are reminding everyone to put safety first whether on land or water.
No. 4 seed Oklahoma softball (55-3) opens play at the 2018 Women's College World Series Thursday at 1:30 p.m. CT against No. 5 Washington (49-8) on ESPN.
The back-to-back defending national champions, the Sooners are making their seventh WCWS appearance in the last eight years and 12th trip overall.
This will be the fifth time the Sooners face the Huskies in the WCWS and 10th postseason meeting overall. The two programs last met at the 2017 WCWS, with OU claiming a 3-1 victory.
In their second game of the double-elimination tournament, the Sooners will face either No. 1 Oregon (52-8) or No. 8 Arizona State (48-11). A win over Washington would have OU play on Friday at 6 p.m. CT, while a loss would see Oklahoma play its second game Saturday at 11 a.m.
All-session tickets are sold out, as are all single-sessions except for session 1. A limited number of standing room only tickets will be made available for each sold out session. They will be made available at the stadium on the day of the respective session. Fans can also look for tickets on NCAA.com/Exchange, the NCAA-approved secondary ticket marketplace.
Staff writer, with CNA
While voicing his support for constitutional change, Premier William Lai (賴清德) yesterday said that public consensus is critical to deciding whether the nation needs to redefine its territory.
“Society and the nation are progressing, and the Constitution should advance with the times,” Lai said in response to questions from Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) Legislator Jason Hsu (許毓仁) at the Legislative Yuan in Taipei.
Lai, who took office on Sept. 8, has sparked debate with his comments advocating Taiwanese independence, saying that his views would not change whatever office he holds.
“Taiwan is a sovereign state and its name is the Republic of China. The two sides [of the Taiwan Strait] have no links with each other,” he said.
Questioning the premier further on the issue, Hsu said that since the Republic of China (ROC) exists on Taiwan and Taiwan is the ROC, does the nation need to revise its Constitution to alter how its territory is defined?
Lai said that amending the Constitution to redefine the national territory would need a public consensus.
A proposal to amend the Constitution has to be decided via referendum, but prior to that, it has to be approved by lawmakers, with three-fourths of the legislature forming a quorum and at least three-fourths of participants approving the proposal, the premier said.
The ROC Constitution defines the nation's territory as the “territory of the Republic of China according to its existing national boundaries.”
The Additional Articles of the Constitution describes the territory as having two distinct parts: a “free area” and a “mainland area.”
Any move to more clearly define Taiwan's territory as limited to its current boundaries, completely separate from China, would be seen as a form of indirectly asserting independence, risking retaliation from Beijing.
Hsu asked Lai if he supports a proposal by Democratic Progressive Party Legislator Su Chiao-hui (蘇巧慧) to amend the Additional Articles of the Constitution by adding a clause that defines cross-strait relations as relations “between our country and the People's Republic of China.”
Lai sidestepped the question, saying only the president has the power to decide the nation's future direction or national policies and that it was “inconvenient” for him to express his opinions at this moment.
SINCLAIRVILLE, N.Y. (WIVB) — Getting called to the principal's office isn't a bad thing if you're a student at Sinclairville Elementary.
Dozens of students at the Cassadaga Valley school recently learned that, thanks to a unique program called “Be clean. Be caring. Be confident.” They got fresh haircuts and new clothes!
Hair stylists volunteered their time to transform principal Josh Gilevski's office into a makeshift salon. “It's really important at the elementary level that these kids look good – and when they look good, they feel good, and when they good they perform,” Gilevski observed.
“We've definitely done it up here with the salt rock, plants, lights,” school pyschologist Amanda Myles said. She invited News 4 to see the program in action.
“We have an innovative team, and this is one of the programs that we are doing as part of that – kind of thinking outside of the box, so we can help the students in kind a non-traditional way,” Myles sxplained.
Stylist Lauren Fenton came up with the concept of bringing beauty into the school. “I tell them it's important for confidence to be clean, and that you should be caring – meaning that you are tolerant of other people – you don't tease them for their style,” she said.
Ninety students signed up for the chance to sit in this salon. “I want every child to know that having their own style is important – because we don't all need to be the same.”
Fifth grader Isabella Dutton came out of the salon smiling from ear-to-ear. ” I wanted mine trimmed and curled. I love it. I think it's very thoughtful of them to do it as well,” Dutton said.
Fenton admits she was surprised by the amount of interest. “I didn't think I'd get 90 (students). I think that's awesome. I wanted the whole school to do it. I think it's very important for these kids to feel that people care about them.”
School administrators have started discussing expanding the program to the middle and high school in 2018.
Editor's Note: Lauren Fenton may be reached at (716) 397-4602 if you'd like to learn more about the program.
Betty Orr, 92
Sept. 15, 1924 – July 30, 2017
Fort Morgan, Colo.
Betty Orr, 92, died at home in Fort Morgan. She went home to be with the lord on July 30, 2017.
She was born Elizabeth Verlea Wilky to Harold C. and Anna Marie Wilky, Sept. 15, 1924, in Phoenix, Ariz. She attended Fowler Elementary School and later Toleson High in Toleson, Ariz. Betty married Orval C. Griffith on June 28, 1943, in Phoenix.
Her children are Judy Summers, Ralph Griffith, Gary Griffith and Larry Griffith. She worked as a riveter during WWII in Litchfield Park, Good Year, Ariz. She also worked at a plastics factory in Prescott, Ariz., in the '50s. Betty moved her and her children to Denver in the early '60's. She married Lee R. Orr on Dec. 23, 1965 and moved to Franktown, Colo. After Lee retired they moved to the Silverthorne, Colo., area. Following Lee's death in '07 she moved to Fort Morgan to be closer to family. Betty loved to travel, embroidery, collect salt and pepper shakers and walk. She attended Grace Bible Church, and Platte Valley Baptist Church in Fort Morgan.
Betty is survived by her two sisters, Georgia Fleek of Phoenix and Barbara McGinn of Prescott; brother, William Wilky of Texas; children, Judy Summers of Fort Morgan, Ralph Griffith of Commerce City, Colo., Gary Griffith of Live Oak, Fla., 12 grandchildren, 16 great-grandchildren and 3 great-great-grandchildren; Lee's children, Patrica Bader, Jack and (Cheryl) Orr, Craig and (Cindy) Orr, grandchildren and great grandchildren.
Betty was preceded in death by her parents, Orval Griffith; her granddaughter, Tracy Griffith, son-in-law, Robert Summers; son, Larry Griffith and her husband, Lee Orr.
Memorial services were held at Platte Valley Baptist Church, 708 Warner St., Fort Morgan, on Aug. 26.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Platte Valley Baptist Church Building Fund. Betty had hoped to see the building completed in September of this year.
The Convent High School Foundation was launched on Friday to assist in the renovation works of the school.
The Convent High School, which is celebrating its 160th anniversary, suffered severe damage as a result of Hurricane Maria.
Speaking at the anniversary mass at the St Gerald's Chapel this morning the Principal of the Convent High School Isabella Prentice said that: “Hurricane Maria 18th September 2017 dealt us a severe blow we have been battered and bruised but not out, we were hard hit but standing strong.”
She revealed that the foundation will be spearheaded by past students and current teachers of the school.
“The foundation is spearheaded by Daren Grell, Dr. Schuyler Esprit, Kathy Buffong-Royer, Roxanne Linton, Andra Coipel, Josephine Dublin, Josephine Lewis, Joanne Bellot, Pearl Christian, Jennifer White, Rosmund Rolle, Martha Maynard, Kathline Pascal, Lucia Sandy, Jodie Dublin-Dangleben, Leandra Lander, Natasha Nation Andre McCaully, Debra Harris and Ellis Dawton,” Prentice said.
She stated that the funds raised by the foundation will go towards renovating the southern section for the upcoming academic year.
“We need all hands on deck to get involved you can go to the foundation site which has just been set up and working progress its chsfoundation.net,” stated Prentice.
Meantime Prentice has called on the present student body to admire the achievements of past Convent High Schools students.
“As former students, we are all shining examples for you to pattern along just look around and note the many persons that passed through these walls of the iconic institution CHS and seek to emulate their achievements,” she remarked.
Gallery Grid 1/30 Lucy Hawthorne 2/30 Lucy Hawthorne 3/30 Lucy Hawthorne 4/30 Lucy Hawthorne 5/30 Lucy Hawthorne 6/30 Lucy Hawthorne 7/30 Lucy Hawthorne 8/30 Lucy Hawthorne 9/30 Lucy Hawthorne 10/30 Lucy Hawthorne 11/30 Lucy Hawthorne 12/30 Lucy Hawthorne 13/30 Lucy Hawthorne 14/30 Lucy Hawthorne 15/30 Lucy Hawthorne 16/30 Lucy Hawthorne 17/30 Lucy Hawthorne 18/30 Lucy Hawthorne 19/30 Lucy Hawthorne 20/30 Lucy Hawthorne 21/30 Lucy Hawthorne 22/30 Lucy Hawthorne 23/30 Lucy Hawthorne 24/30 Lucy Hawthorne 25/30 Lucy Hawthorne 26/30 Lucy Hawthorne 27/30 Lucy Hawthorne 28/30 Lucy Hawthorne 29/30 Lucy Hawthorne 30/30 Lucy Hawthorne
The team behind Hola Arepa completely transformed 22nd Avenue Station, the notorious former strip club in northeast Minneapolis. Now, Hai Hai brings irresistible cocktails and twists on Vietnamese street food to the neighborhood. Click here to read our full review of the blissful, breezy paradise of flavors, colors, and textures. All photos by Lucy Hawthorne.
The demolition of houses at Katima Mulilo in the Zambezi Region, by the town council, is continuing.
The exercise has moved to New Cowboy where an illegally constructed permanent structure was demolished yesterday.
Information circulating on social media that a boy has died during the demolitions has been rubbished by the police.
The Zambezi Police Regional Coordinator, Deputy Commissioner Evans Simasiku told NBC News on Friday morning that no injuries have been reported or experienced, apart from Mukendwa Christopher Simasiku who sustained a bullet wound in his left leg, when the exercise started last Thursday.
The Katima Mulilo mayor, Geoginah Mwiya-Simataa told the media on Friday that the demolishing of illegal structures will continue until all illegal structures have been destroyed in all areas within town land.
The mayor said council will do what it is supposed to within the confinement of the law adding that lawlessness will not be allowed.
Mwiya-Simata said Katima Mulilo town council is faced with shortage of serviced land due to illegal land occupation.
She emphasised that council is not anti-poor but exercising control and restraint over the “escalating illegal land occupation at the town”.
The mayor said removing illegal structures will pave the way for council to service land.
She assured the nation that council will make sure the issue of illegal land occupation will be resolved amicably.
Abby Lee Miller isn't letting her feud with her ex-students go! The former Dance Moms star slammed Kalani Hilliker, Nia Sioux, Kendall Vertes and Camryn Bridges for leaving the ALDC in a nasty Instagram post.
Miller, 50, posted portraits of her current student on Instagram. But instead of praising her in the caption, she took the opportunity to get back at her ex-members!
“It's amazing to see how much a child can accomplish when they show up, listen, practice, give 100%, attend all rehearsals, show respect and loyalty to all instructors,” Miller captioned the photos. “She doesn't run around to a bunch of other studios to take a class! Never confuse taking a class w/ being trained!”
PHOTOS: Bankruptcies, Fraud & Unpaid Bills! ‘Dance Moms' Biggest Financial Scandals Revealed
But she didn't stop there, as she ended her rant with, “Don't ever think getting free merchandise has something to do with your dance tech! And realize all the social events in Hollywood will never take the place of beautiful flexible legs & feet!”
But fans didn't appreciate her diss, as they slammed her for continuing to trash-talk her former students.
“Can you try to be an adult? You can compliment this girl without trying to throw shade at others. Your main purpose of this post was not to promote this dancer but put down others,” one fan fired, as another slammed, “Typical Abby, you couldn't just praise this kid for her accomplishments, you had to throw shade and bring other kids down. When will you ever learn Abby? How many star dancers have you lost over the decades? Think about that Abby.”
PHOTOS: Dangerous Driver! ‘Dance Moms' Star Kira Girard Busted For Unsafe Traffic Violations
As Radar readers know, Hilliker, Sioux, Vertes and Bridges left the ALDC to compete with Count 8 Dance Academy at Nationals with former Junior Elite Competition Team member Chloe Lukasiak.
According to social media, the feud began when Miller left the team for three weeks, leaving choreographers Laurie-Ann Gibson and Meagan Nugent to take over.
Dance Moms star Kira Girard tweeted that Miller's unexpected return forced the longtime dancers to leave the team.
Miller quit Dance Moms after her remaining students Brynn Rumfallo, Lilliana Ketchman, Elliana Walmsley and Maesi Caes took home first place at Nationals.
PHOTOS: Prosecutor Rips Into ‘Dance Moms' Star Abby Lee Miller During First Hearing
Dancing With the Stars pro Cheryl Burke took over for the remainder of season 7B.
As Radar exclusively reported, Miller pitched a spin off show with another network that will feature her Mini Competition Team.
Miller pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets in June.
She faces up to 30 months in prison when she's sentenced on May 8.
Do you think she betrayed her fans? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
MINNEAPOLIS -- The NFL's effort to make football safer continued on Saturday before Super Bowl LII at the league's third annual "1st and Future" event at the Guthrie Theater.
The NFL teamed with Comcast NBCUniversal and the Mayo Clinic to produce a live pitch competition between nine startup companies offering innovations and game-changing technologies.
"Innovation and what we can do to protect our players is obviously a huge priority for us," NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said during a panel discussion at the event. "I think we'd like to advance technology in a lot of areas of our business, including the media business, with our partners, and there is no bigger stage to bring everyone together and convene everyone than the Super Bowl."
Goodell was joined by Chairman of NBC Broadcasting & Sports Mark Lazarus, Mayo Clinic President and CEO John H. Noseworthy, M.D. and Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson in a discussion about player safety.
Wilson brought a VICIS helmet to the event that helps reduce hit impact. The Seahawks QB said the efforts to make the game safer could hopefully help lead to prolonged careers.
"To think about my career, I'm six years in and hope I've got another 15 more to go. You guys laugh, I'm not," he said slightly chuckling. "I feel like I haven't started. But this is a big part of it, this helmet. Obviously everybody in here knows about the severity of concussions and the reality of that in the National Football League..."
Wilson said the NFL's willingness to put money toward innovation -- the VICIS helmet was aided by the league's Head Health Initiative -- can make football safer for the next generation.
"It actually doesn't stop with football, we're actually doing a lot with other sports as well," he said. "And the even cooler part is we're going to be doing stuff with the military potentially. That's high-level information so I can't say too much."
Goodell reiterated that events like "1st and Future" display the league's willingness to search for ways to make sports safer.
"Our number one priority is player health and safety," Goodell said. "And Russell is one of the most active players, not in just health and safety, but also in every aspect of our business. We talk all the time about different ideas that he has on the business. That makes us better. We appreciate that. These guys are on the field, they give us a perspective, they give these technologies an opportunity to be put on the biggest stage. And all of that is our number one priority, to make this game safer for those players. We've invested over $200 million. We are the largest research funder for concussion research. ... And I think that's because we believe we are in a leadership position. We have to do that for our players, but also to a point Russell made, we share that data. We share that with every level of football, we share it with every sport, we share it with our military because all of this is about learning. All of this is about getting a better understanding of the brain, traumatic injuries, and frankly all injuries. This is not exclusive to concussions, this is really about injuries to every part of the body. And we can all learn together and make every sport, frankly life, better for everybody."
On Saturday, the NFL and its partners awarded $50,000 prizes and Super Bowl tickets to three winners in the categories of Advancements in Protective Equipment, New Therapies to Speed Recovery, and Technology to Improve Athletic Performance, in a "Shark Tank" style pitch contest.
This year's winners:
Advancements in Protective Equipment: Impressio, Inc., which utilizes liquid-crystal elastomers (LCEs) to design equipment that can help absorb energy from hits. The group hopes it can one day replace the foam padding in helmets with their product.
New Therapies to Speed Recovery: RecoverX, which designed a hot-cold therapy device that allows athletes to better control their recovery. The current model on display Saturday specifically targeted knee physical therapy.
Technology to Improve Athletic Performance: Curv.ai, which developed an augmented reality application that utilizes the camera on any mobile device to capture human motion, measure athletic ability, and evaluate injury risk.
Getty Images
The names of the new Hall of Fame class officially will be announced soon. Which means that unofficial news about the new class will emerge.
Here's one, which is unofficially official given the source: Former NFL defensive back Everson Walls has disclosed via Twitter that he didn't make it.
Walls expresses a positive attitude in his tweet, vowing to launch a campaign to get a bronze bust in 2019. But the glass will be far less than half-full. It was his final year of eligibility for a spot as a modern finalist; he'll now have to try to make it through the Seniors Committee.
While it's typically much easier to get in once a player becomes a Seniors Committee finalist, it's enormously harder to become a Seniors Committee finalist, with a rotation of two and one ultimately receiving the up-or-down treatment each year.
Walls spent 13 years in the NFL. His first nine game with the Cowboys. He then played for the Giants (winning Super Bowl XXV) and the Browns. He has 57 total career interceptions (part of a five-way tie for 13th on the all-time list), after getting 11 as a rookie.
LOS ANGELES: The Golden State Warriors shrugged off the absence of Stephen Curry to edge past the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday (Dec 11) as a depleted Boston Celtics crashed to defeat against the Chicago Bulls.
The injured Curry and Draymond Green were both missing from the Warriors line-up in Oakland but Kevin Durant stepped up with 28 points as the NBA champions claimed a 111-104 win at the Oracle Arena.
Klay Thompson also grabbed 24 points for the Warriors, who remain second in the Western Conference standings with a 22-6 record behind first place Houston.
The Warriors recorded their seventh straight victory after overcoming a virtuoso performance from Portland's Damian Lillard, who finished with 39 points.
The Rockets head the standings in the Eastern Conference after vanquishing the New Orleans Pelicans 130-123 at the Toyota Center.
The Rockets had a late scoring spree from guards James Harden and Chris Paul to thank for the win, which saw them overturn a 13-point third quarter deficit to claim a 10th straight victory.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Harden scored 26 points - 12 of them in the fourth quarter - while also notching a career-high 17 assists.
Paul also left his scoring late, with 16 of 20 points in the fourth.
Harden later revealed he had urged Paul to raise the tempo in the fourth quarter.
"I told him to be aggressive. He was passive throughout the entire game," Harden said of Paul.
"I told him, 'Be aggressive, take your shots.' He made some big threes, got to the basket a couple times, and gave us some momentum offensively. And then defensively we got stops."
New Orleans were without talisman Anthony Davis, struggling with a left adductor strain. Pelicans coach Alvin Gentry was left impressed by Houston.
"You can see why they have the best record in the league," Gentry said of the Rockets. "I thought we did everything we had to do to try and put ourselves in a position to try to win it."
MIROTIC, PORTIS, DOUBLE-ACT
Elsewhere on Monday, Nikola Mirotic and Bobby Portis provided further proof that their violent altercation in October had been forgotten after teaming up to inspire the Chicago Bulls' victory over the Boston Celtics.
Mirotic and Portis came to blows before the season started in a clash that left Mirotic with multiple facial fractures and a concussion.
However the two Bulls players provided the bulk of the scoring - Mirotic with 24 and Portis with 23 - as the Bulls recorded a blowout 108-85 win over the Celtics, who were badly missing the injured Kyrie Irving and forward Marcus Morris.
The Bulls have not lost since Mirotic returned last Friday after recovering from the injuries sustained in his fight with Portis.
"Bobby and I, we are playing good, we are finding each other and we are bringing that energy that the team needs," Mirotic said.
Boston fell to 23-6 with the defeat but remain secure on top of the Eastern Conference table with Toronto (17-8) their nearest rivals.
"Sometimes, you get your butt kicked - it's as simple as that," Celtics coach Brad Stevens said.
"Chicago dictated the whole game, they played harder than we did, they played with more presence than we did, they played more competitive than we did, they played with more authority than we did.
Meanwhile the Toronto Raptors missed the chance to close the gap on Boston in the Eastern Conference after being pipped 96-91 by the Clippers in Los Angeles.
Participants in Wednesday's Democratic debate recounted some urban mythology, stretched some statistics far beyond their meaning and got in some whacks at Gov. Larry Hogan that were based on facts — if perhaps lacking in context:
Valerie Ervin: The former Montgomery County councilwoman said private prisons were tracking elementary school reading schools to decide where to invest in building their next projects.
Facts: Unlike many other states, Maryland does not contract with private prisons. Ervin is recycling a Democratic talking point that has been repeatedly debunked. Politifact, the nonpartisan fact-checking organization owned by the Poynter Institute, looked into a 2013 statement by a St. Petersburg, Fla., mayoral candidate who said the same thing. Politifact rebuked the candidate for spreading an “urban legend” and rated the statement “Pants on Fire.” The group noted that there is a correlation between poor education and incarceration, but found no evidence to back up a claim that prison systems — public or private — use such data in making their decisions.
Richard Madaleno: Asked about whether the state should help rebuild Ellicott City, the state senator from Montgomery County pivoted to a criticism of Hogan's hiring decisions. He charged that the Republican, “appointed a paralegal to be head of the state planning department."
Facts: Madaleno might not have picked up many votes among paralegals, but he is correct that Hogan appointed Wendi Peters, who worked as a paralegal before joining the Hogan administration, as deputy secretary of the Planning Department. Then, when Secretary David Craig left in 2016, Hogan nominated her to run the department. The Senate's majority Democrats, unimpressed with her qualifications and performance as acting secretary, rejected her nomination. Hogan, after a bitter fight, named Peters special secretary for smart growth. Peters brought to the job her credentials as a town council member in Mount Airy, but it's fair to say her credentials as a planner fell short of those of previous secretaries. Scott Sloofman, a spokesman for the Hogan campaign, objected to Madaleno's criticism of Peters, calling her “a highly qualified and incredibly dedicated public servant” whose experience “includes years of planning expertise on the local level.”
Jim Shea: The former managing partner of the Venable law firm slammed Hogan for his funding of public schools: "Our governor has underfunded education. It hasn't even kept pace with the increase in general fund."
Facts: It seems every Democrat in the race is accusing Hogan of failing to fully fund education. As always, the accuracy of the charge depends on how one defines “fully fund.” Hogan can accurately claim to have fully funded education under current formulas for his last three budgets. Coming into his first budget facing a serious shortfall, he did not fully fund an index that helps Baltimore and counties with higher-than-average education costs. Fully funding that index is now mandatory, unless the governor can get the legislature to waive the requirement. Hogan hasn't tried. Where Shea is correct is his assertion that school spending — up just under 9 percent percent under Hogan — hasn't grown as much as the overall budget's increase of nearly 10 percent. Sloofman points out that Hogan has proposed record education spending, but that's something he was required to do. The spokesman also noted that Hogan has budgeted $55 million over the minimum over the past three years. That was discretionary.
Krish Vignarajah: The former aide to Michelle Obama said that "as a mother, we have to address school safety because right now, it is deadlier to stay in a school classroom in a school rather than be a member of the military."
Facts: This is an example of how imprecise wording can turn something factually accurate into something clearly false. Politifact looked into a case where a Democrat running for governor of Florida said “so far this year, more students have been killed in schools than in combat zones.” It rated the statement “mostly true” because in this unusual year, 26 students had been killed in school shootings as of May 18 — most of them in Parkland, Fla., and Santa Fe, Texas. Meanwhile, Politifact found, 13 service members had been killed in combat zones over the same period. The Florida candidate based her statement on a Washington Post story that explicitly stated that the figures “do not suggest schools are more dangerous than combat zones.” The Post, noting the relative numbers of soldiers and students, reported that a service member is 40 times more likely to be killed than a student.
Ben Jealous: The former NAACP president said teachers in the District of Columbia start at $20,000 more than Maryland teachers.
Fact: Jealous's campaign didn't get back to The Baltimore Sun with an explanation of his assertion, but it appears that his figure is inflated. There is no question that Washington teachers' starting salaries are higher than those of Maryland teachers. Figures from a Washington Teachers Union web site show the starting pay for a teacher with just a bachelor's degree is $55,209. In Maryland, where teacher pay varies by county, it ranged from $42,370 in Dorchester County to $49,013 in Montgomery. So the discrepancy between D.C. and Maryland counties is roughly $6,000 to $13,000.
mdresser@baltsun.com
twitter.com/michaeltdresser
Papa John's employee carjacked during Lehigh Acres pizza delivery
A pizza delivery driver said someone robbed his car and his belongings after he made a stop at a home on Henry Avenue.
Bill Solomon arrived at work just before 12 p.m. Tuesday at the Papa John's on Lee Boulevard. He was set to make his first delivery of the day, but didn't realize he would be set up for a robbery.
Solomon noticed the house on Henry Avenue and West 17th Street in Lehigh Acres seemed abandoned, but stepped out of his car to deliver the pizza anyways.
“I went up to the door, knocked on it. It didn't seem like anybody was going to answer, so I turned around, and that's when I saw the guy getting into my car and he drove off,” Solomon said.
The suspect took off with Solomon's car, wallet, cellphone, keys and a $1,000 deposit he was supposed to make for his employer.
Solomon now fears the incident could cost him his job, but he said this taught him a valuable lesson.
“Lock your car, no matter what. No matter what you're doing or how long it is, because the bad guys are always behind you,” Solomon said.
Authorities have not located the car at this time. It's a dark gray Suzuki SUV.
Anyone with information is asked to call police.
Reporter: Oliver Redsten
Writer: Katherine Viloria
Rodney Keith Fly, age 64, of Harrison, Arkansas, passed away Monday, December 26, 2016, in Branson, Missouri. He was born June 5, 1952, in Springfield, Missouri, the son of George Edward Kirkendall and Joyce Fly. Rodney and Dorothy King began dating in 1984 and were joined in marriage in 1992. Arrangements and cremation are under the direction of Cremations of the Ozarks.
Rodney proudly served his country in the United States Marine Corps during the Vietnam War. He was a truck driver by trade. After retirement, Rodney enjoyed playing Wii Resort Golf and watching orchids bloom. Most of all, Rodney loved his wife and family and will be missed by all who knew and loved him.
He was preceded in death by his father and a brother, David Lyndon Fly.
Rodney is survived by his wife and love of 32 years, Dorothy Fly of the home; his children, Wendy Bassett and husband Harold of Tyler, Texas, T.J. McPherson of Reno, Nevada; his granddaughters, Shellbee and Sydnee, both of Tyler, Texas; his mother, Joyce Fly of Joplin, Missouri; and his siblings, Cheryl Elaine Fly of Joplin, Missouri, Juana Joy Fly, Leslie Renee Fly-Coble and Gae Michael Fly all of Springfield, Missouri.
No services are planned at this time. For online condolences please visit www.cremationsoftheozarks.com.
EASTENDERS' Kush Kazemi is back with a bang in next week's episodes.
EastEnders' Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami) is finally returning to the cast in upcoming scenes, after months off-screen. Actor Davood, 35, took time away from the soap for last year's Strictly Come Dancing, where he landed in sixth place. But EastEnders spoilers have revealed that his hiatus is well and truly over with and he'll be arriving with an explosive storyline next Thursday. When Kush makes a comeback to Walford, he finds himself in the middle of drama as he discovers his girlfriend Denise Fox (Diane Parrish) has been comforting Kim Fox-Hubbard (Tameka Empson).
BBC RETURN: Kush comes back to Albert Square next week
Kim is convinced that her hubby Vincent (Richard Blackwood) has left her following their spiralling money problems. The now-single mum is trying her best to put on a brave face for daughter Pearl, but needs her sister by her side as the going gets tough. Enter Kush. The Walford lothario returns back from his lavish holiday in Dubai with a huge bombshell, only to be greeted by a bucketload of family mayhem. He later finds out that Vincent has gone and so keeps his big news from his girlfriend and decides to open up to his mum Carmel (Bonnie Langford) instead..
BBC HEARTBREAK: Kim thinks her hubby Vincent has left her
Soap hunks Check out the hottest hunks in your favourite soap operas. 1 / 27 ITV Soap Hunks
BBC DESPERATE: Kim asks Vincent's sister Donna about his disappearance
And disaster strikes when the local busybody spills Kush's secret to Denise. Seriously, when will people learn that no one can keep quiet in soap land? A furious Denise storms over to confront Kush, and he is completely taken aback by her rage. Will he be able to settle the bad blood and explain what his bombshell could mean for their future? Elsewhere in Albert Square, Kim is set for further heartbreak when she begins to think Vincent's sudden exit could have a darker explanation.
EastEnders' hottest actresses EastEnders' hottest actresses in pictures 1 / 8 Getty Images EastEnders' hottest actresses
BBC SUSPICIOUS: Phil hands Kim the money he owes Vincent in a turn of events
First pitch at Dunkin' Donuts Park is a mere 58 days away.
Construction crews have been working each day to make sure the park is ready for baseball, after the entire 2016 was lost, due to construction delays and tension between the City of Hartford, and previous developer, Centerplan, which was fired last June.
“As I've said all along the way, until that first pitch is thrown out, I'm not waving any banners but I think they continue to make very good progress and it continues to be a good strong partnership between the city, Arch Insurance, and the contractor Whiting Turner," said Hartford Mayor Luke Bronin.
Centerplan now faces a new lawsuit from Webster Bank. In court documents, the Waterbury-based Webster alleges Centerplan has defaulted on more than $5 million in loans split between a term loan, and a construction loan specifically linked to the baseball park construction.
The ballpark was initially supposed to be ready for April 2016, but it was later delayed to May, before eventually being fired by the city.
Centerplan later sued the city for wrongful termination.
NBC Connecticut's efforts to reach Centerplan's attorney were unsuccessful.
Mayor Bronin says he's not shocked Centerplan faces a new legal fight.
“I suspect Centerplan is going to be embroiled in a number of lawsuits for a while,” he said.
The Yard Goats played the entire 2016 season the road. Team officials say they can feel the momentum building with just two months to go.
Video Evacuation Lifted for 200K Threatened by California Dam
"People are talking about how excited they are for baseball to be played in Hartford," said Yard Goats General Manager Tim Restall. “As you drive by the ballpark you see a lot of construction going on. They're wrapping things up which is great. They're round third and heading for home.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Prospective students and families are invited to a free informational event in Edwardsville with Milton Hershey School® admissions counselors.
The informational event will be held at 6 p.m. Tuesday, March 7, at Grotto Pizza, 36 Gateway Shopping Center, Edwardsville.
Families will learn more about how the school's education and structured home life programs for children. The school offers small class sizes, extra study hours, hands-on learning, access to the latest technology and the opportunity to earn scholarships toward continuing education.
MHS is a cost-free, private, coeducational school in Hershey, for children from families of lower income in pre-k through 12th grade. The school provides a positive, nurturing home life year-round, so children have the skills necessary to be successful in all aspects of life.
No registration is required to attend the informational Family Event. Call 1-800-322-3248 or register online at mhskids.org.
STARSPORT brings you the latest transfer news and gossip from Manchester United.
Liverpool winger Mohamed Salah has ‘ordered' his agent to sort a move away from Anfield this summer. And reports in Spain claim Real Madrid, Manchester United and Manchester City are the three clubs that will fight for the his signature. The Egypt international enjoyed a superb season at Liverpool, scoring 44 goals in all competitions. But now Spanish outlet Don Balon, known for their outlandish transfer claims, say Salah is considering moving to alternatives to Real Madrid following the Champions League final. The 25-year-old was forced off early following a crunching tackle from Sergio Ramos.
Man Utd Transfer News: The top five most likely signings before the window shuts - bookies The five most likely players to join Manchester United before the transfer window closes, according to the bookies 1 / 5 GETTY Gareth Bale - Real Madrid - 14/1 (BetStars)
And that has left Salah in a race to be fit for the World Cup in Russia this summer. Arturo Vidal is wanted by Jose Mourinho this summer - but a switch to Manchester United could fall apart because of Alexis Sanchez. Vidal is being chased by some of Europe's biggest clubs this summer according to Chilean journalist Maks Cardenas. K-based Chilean reporter Cardenas revealed on Twitter: “Arturo Vidal's resonance from his knee came back positive. The Chilean has offers from all over Europe and will not sign anything soon. In less than two months he will be available to play.”
GETTY Man Utd transfer news: Liverpool star Mohamed Salah could be on his way to Old Trafford
When told that a move to United was ‘doubtful' Cardenas hit back, but did add Sanchez could prove to be a stumbling block in any deal. He added: “I would stop when is not linked. But Mou wants him. But I doubt he plays in the same team as Alexis.” United are leading Chelsea in the race for Barcelona star Jordi Alba, according to the bookies.
GETTY Man Utd transfer news: Jordi Alba has been linked with a shock move away from Barcelona
RCMP are investigating after graffiti containing offensive language was painted in downtown Peace River on Wednesday June 7.
The graffiti was found on the outside of the former SAAN store on 102 Avenue, and targeted both the LGBTQ+ and Islamic communities.
Autumn Hulme, Communications Coordinator with the Town of Peace River, said that the Public Works department was able to paint over the graffiti on Wednesday.
Photos of the incident sparked debate on social media, with many residents voicing their concerns with the content of the offensive messages on the Peace River's General Forum Facebook group. Those posts were later removed due to further offensive remarks being published online.
“The Town of Peace River is a welcoming and inclusive town,” Hulme said in response to the incident. “We're an accepting, open community.”
The graffiti was painted just days before the Peace Region's Pride Parade weekend.
“Due to the nature of the graffiti, it is being investigated by the local RCMP, they are actively pursuing several lines of inquiry,” the Town of Peace River stated in a press release issued on its website. “This situation is being taken very seriously by all involved agencies.”
The town is encouraging anyone with additional information about the incident to contact Peace Regional RCMP at (780) 624-6677, or anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS)
A Nigerian man who works in a bank has given an outcry about the method used by scammers to commit financial fraud in the country.
The precautionary note shared by a banker on social media to caution the general public reads,
“I work as a Support Staff for a commercial bank, and I have witnessed this New Crime case twice this week alone!!!
This fraud usually occurs at the ATM galleries. An 18-year-old customer and another ‘rich' adult customer were victims and now they have their BVN flagged for live and have cases to answer with the Police, and with their bank accounts on Post-No-Debit.
This is how it works:–
1. You walk to an ATM and someone (fraudster) approaches you. The person may show you wads of cash and claim they have exceeded their withdrawal limit of 150k, and that they still need more cash. They then plead to make a money transfer into your own bank account so that you can withdraw it for them.
2. The TROUBLING thing in this seemingly harmless random act of kindness is that transfers are usually made from STOLEN PHONES or HACKED BANK ACCOUNTS!!!
3. The person who owns the bank account which the money transfer was initiated from would report to his bank, and the bank would send out a circular to the recipient's bank with instructions to be carried out – which usually includes freezing your own account, BVN flagging, and on most times an order for your apprehension.
4. The next thing you would discover is that the next time you try to use your ATM card to withdraw, your transactions will be unsuccessful.
5. You then go to your bank and you get the news. You will thank your stars if there's no MEMO to apprehend you and hand you over to the Police immediately for something you surely don't know about. You may be advised to quickly go get a Police Report.
The 18-year-old boy was sent to withdraw money from his bank account by his Mom. On getting to the ATM, he was held at gun point by the fraudsters and the money transfer was made, money withdrawn, and he was released. The money here was 40k. The boy was advised to report himself to the Police, and he should follow up with the bank.
The adult customer was approached respectfully by a fraudster brandishing loads of cash. So, he felt at ease and ‘helped', not knowing he had been exposed for flagging.
Here, the amount of money involved was 50k. The customer who has about 1 million naira in his bank account has now been undone because of 50k he knows nothing about. Now, there's a MEMO to have the customer arrested anytime he steps into any of the bank branches.
Who knows if the stolen phones were acquired via One Chance armed robbers or the bank transfer details were supplied by Serial Hackers? This is a serious criminal issue.
Remember, if you have your BVN flagged, then you are so done with any legal financial dealings.
DO NOT HELP ANYBODY AT THE ATM!!! NOT EVEN AN OLD FRIEND, CHURCH MEMBER OR WHATSOEVER. SAY NO TO STRANGERS WHO APPROACH YOU FOR ANY TRANSFER FOR WITHDRAWAL AT THE ATM.
Imagine getting locked up over money you know nothing about other than helping someone to withdraw
Read Also
Share this post with your Friends on
Ten athletes from Southern California competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang. Here's how they fared.
*That number doesn't include athletes who were born in Southern California but have made their homes elsewhere, like bobsledder Lauren Gibbs, who was born in Los Angeles but lives in Denver. Gibbs won a silver medal as the brakeman of a sled driven by Elana Meyers Taylor. They finished only .07 seconds behind the German pair that won gold.
Chloe Kim
Snowboarding
USA's gold medallist Chloe Kim poses on the podium during the medal ceremony for the snowboard women's Halfpipe at the Pyeongchang Medals Plaza during the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang on February 13, 2018. KIRILL KUDRYAVTSEV/AFP/Getty Images
Hometown: Torrance, CA
Birthplace: Long Beach, CA
Born: April 23, 2000
2018 Olympic Results: Gold - Women's Halfpipe
The Details: At only 17 years old, Kim was one of Team USA's breakout stars — both in performance and media attention. During her gold medal-winning run, Kim became the first woman to land back-to-back 1080s in Olympic competition. It wasn't her first record-breaking feat. In 2016, 15-year-old Kim became the first person under the age of 16 to win back-to-back gold medals at the X Games. Then she made history again, becoming the first woman to land back-to-back 1080 spins in a snowboarding competition. She earned a perfect score for that impressive run. Snowboarding fans expect her to dominate the sport for years to come. MORE DETAILS
Shaun White
Snowboarding
U.S. snowboarder Shaun White wraps himself in the U.S. flag after winning gold in the men's halfpipe. He was later criticized for dragging a flag on the ground at the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. David Ramos/Getty Images
Hometown: Carlsbad, CA
Birthplace: San Diego, CA
Born: September 3, 1986
2018 Olympic Results: Gold - Men's Halfpipe
The Details: On Valentine's Day, White made history, becoming the first snowboarder to win three Olympic gold medals, after he won the halfpipe final. The 31-year-old White won gold in the halfpipe at both the 2006 and 2010 Olympics. At the 2014 Olympics, he placed fourth in the event, so he had something to prove in Pyeongchang — and it was an emotional win. White wrapped himself in an American flag and wept. MORE DETAILS
Cayla Barnes
Ice Hockey
Cayla Barnes #3 of the United States and Rebecca Johnston #6 of Canada fall on the ice as they battle for the puck in the second period during the Women's Gold Medal Game at the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Gangneung, South Korea. Harry How/Getty Images
Hometown: Eastvale, CA
Birthplace: Eastvale, CA
Born: January 7, 1999
Olympic History: Gold - Women's Ice Hockey
Fun Facts: They're calling it Miracle on Ice, Part II. The U.S. women's team beat their arch-rival Canada on the 38th anniversary of the day the U.S. men beat the Soviet Union's ice hockey team in 1980. It was the first time in 20 years the women's ice hockey team has won gold. The game was a grueling, three-hour match. Regulation time ended with a 2-2 tie. A 20-minute overtime period remained scoreless and a penalty shootout ended in a stalemate, which sent the game to a sudden-death shootout. U.S. goalie Maddie Rooney carried the team to victory by blocking a shot from Canada's Meghan Agosta. At age 19, Barnes is the youngest member of the team. She plays ice hockey for Boston College. MORE DETAILS
Adam Rippon
Figure Skating
Team USA's Adam Rippon competes in the men's short program at the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. Mladen Antonov/AFP/Getty Images
Hometown: Los Angeles, CA
Birthplace: Scranton, PA
Born: November 11, 1989
2018 Olympic Results: Bronze - Team Competition; 10th - Men's Figure Skating
The Details: Rippon only placed 10th but became a social media star, winning famous admirers such as Reese Witherspoon, Busy Philipps and several others. The openly gay skater also turned down a call from vice president Mike Pence before changing his mind and saying he'd take the call.
MORE DETAILS
Mirai Nagasu
Figure Skating
USA's Mirai Nagasu competes in the women's single skating free skating of the figure skating event during the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic Games on February 23, 2018. ARIS MESSINIS/AFP/Getty Images
Hometown: Arcadia, CA
Birthplace: Montebello, CA
Born: April 16, 1993
2018 Olympic Results: Bronze - Team Competition; 10th - Women's Figure Skating
The Details: At her second Games, Nagasu got off to a brilliant start, becoming the first American woman, and third woman overall, to land a triple axel at the Olympics. She helped lead American skaters to a bronze in the team event. In the individual competition, she fell during her triple axel and ended the women's event in 10th place. She later gave a controversial post-skate interview in which she said her free skate was an audition for "Dancing with the Stars." At the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, Nagasu placed fourth. MORE DETAILS
Maddie Mastro
Snowboarding
Maddie Mastro of the United States wipes out in the Snowboard Ladies' Halfpipe Final at the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Olympic Games on February 13, 2018. David Ramos/Getty Images
Hometown: Wrightwood, CA
Birthplace: Wrightwood, CA
Born: February 22, 2000
2018 Olympic Results: 12th - Women's Halfpipe
The Details: Mastro made it to in the finals but she crashed three times in the women's halfpipe to finish 12th and sat in the snow with her head in her hands. A day later, she tweeted: "The sun will rise and again and I'll try again." MORE DETAILS
Chris Knierim
Figure Skating
Alexa Scimeca-Knierim and Chris Knierim compete in the pair skating free skating of the figure skating event during the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic Games on February 15, 2018. JUNG YEON-JE/AFP/Getty Images
Hometown: San Diego, CA
Birthplace: Tuscon, AZ
Born: November 5, 1987
2018 Olympic Results: Bronze - Team Competition; 15th - Pairs Figure Skating
The Details: Knierim and his wife and skating partner, Alexa Scimeca Knierim, helped the U.S. figure skating team earn a bronze medal. They struggled in the pairs figure skating competition, barely making it to the finals, where they eventually placed 15th. But the couple spent a romantic Valentine's Day together, competing on the ice. MORE DETAILS
Hailey Langland
Snowboarding
Hailey Langland of the United Sates practices before the Freestyle Skiing Ladies Slopestyle Qualification at the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Olympic on February 11, 2018. Clive Mason/Getty Images
Hometown: San Clemente, CA
Birthplace: Irvine, CA
Born: August 2, 2000
2018 Olympic Results: 6th - Women's Slopestyle; 14th - Women's Big Air
The Details: In the slopestyle competition, Langland, 17, fell during her first run but had a clean second run that bumped her up to 6th place. She failed to qualify for the finals of the Big Air competition, which only includes the top 12 athletes. MORE DETAILS
Jonathon Blum
Ice Hockey
Brian O'Neill (#9) and Jonathon Blum (#24) of the United States celebrates after O'Neillc scored a goal against Slovenia in the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Olympics on February 14, 2018. Harry How/Getty Images
Hometown: Ladera Ranch, CA
Birthplace: Long Beach, CA
Born: January 30, 1989
2018 Olympic Results: 7th place - Men's Ice Hockey
The Details: The U.S. men's team narrowly lost to the Czech Republic in a tight quarterfinal game that ended in a penalty shootout. The final score was 3-2. No current NHL players are competing the 2018 Winter Games because the league and Olympics officials could not agree on terms. Blum currently plays for Admiral Vladivostok of the Kontinental Hockey League. He previously played with the Nashville Predators and the Minnesota Wild. MORE DETAILS
Carlo Valdes
Bobsled
Justin Olsen, Nathan Weber, Carlo Valdes and Christopher Fogt of the United States compete during 4-man bobsled at the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Olympic Games on February 24, 2018 in Pyeongchang-gun, South Korea. Quinn Rooney/Getty Images
Hometown: Newport Beach, CA
Birthplace: Newport Beach, CA
Born: February 11, 1990
2018 Olympic Results: 21st place - Men's Four-Man Bobsled
The Details: In the four-man bobsled, Valdes pushed a sled piloted by Justin Olsen. They placed 21st, one spot behind the other American four-man team. Valdes, a college football player then a track-and-field athlete, only began competing in bobsled after the 2014 Winter Olympics. MORE DETAILS
Fishing Republic, one of the largest fishing tackle retailers in the UK,​ has opened its ​​sixth ​"​destination​" store this year as it cashes in on the increasing popularity of fishing, driven by programmes such as ITV's The Big Fish Off.​ ​
The Rotherham-based firm​ said the new store in Gloucester ​will expand its presence in the West of England.​
The new 6,000 sq ft store follows the company's expansion into East Anglia and Essex, with new store openings in Kings Lynn and Clavering Lakes in recent months.
An additional store opening, in Cambridgeshire, is planned for the end of August and will increase the firm's store network to 19.
All the ​new ​stores replicate the ​c​ompany's ​"​destination​"​ store format, catering for all types of fishing​ with an extensive product range​.
​They​ are located in light-industrial estates with convenient​ ​access and good car parking facilities.
​Fishing Republic said the new stores will also help drive online sales, as ​it expands its multi-channel growth model.
Steve Gross, CEO of Fishing Republic, ​said:​ ​“Fishing Republic has significantly expanded its store network over the last few months and I am​ ​delighted to announce our latest store opening, in line with our expansion plans for the year.
​"​Located​ ​in Gloucester, it increases our presence in the West of England. By the end of August, a further store​ ​opening in Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire will complement our existing presence in that region and​ ​take our expanding network to 19 stores.”
Fishing Republic is gearing up for a strong year as more people take up fishing as a hobby.
The firm said expansion beyond its Northern heartlands is going well and it is well placed for further growth following the opening of new stores.
The firm's chief executive Steve Gross said: “We are opening stores in the South and they are going very well. All our stores are trading very well."
Over the past year there have been four fishing programmes on TV, led by The Big Fish off on ITV2.
“Carp fishing is the big trend. It's nice to take a picture of a big fish, put it on social media and then put it back.
“Carp are treated almost like royalty. If you see a damaged scale, fishermen will put (medicinal) liquid on the scale before putting it back.”
Fishing Republic reported a year of “strong progress” in 2016 and said the main fishing season started well.
The group's revenue jumped 41 per cent to £5.8m in the year to December 31 and pre-tax profit before exceptionals rose 32 per cent to £400,000.
Like-for-like sales rose an impressive 16 per cent.
Posted by Darin Gantt on April 17, 2017, 12:20 PM EDT
The Panthers threw the big money Kawann Short's way this morning, but he wasn't the only one signing.
The team announced that restricted free agent left guard Andrew Norwell had signed his tender, along with exclusive rights free agent center Tyler Larsen and punter Michael Palardy on the day they opened their offseason program.
Norwell had been tendered at the second-round level, as the Panthers were willing to pay him $2.746 million rather than risk losing the former undrafted rookie for nothing to save a million bucks.
Norwell was the one constant for the Panthers last year, starting all 16 games at left guard, the only start to finish the season in the position he started. They're hoping that by putting free agent acquisition Matt Kalil beside him at left tackle and getting center Ryan Kalil healthy again on the other side that they can protect Cam Newton much better this year.
The fourth-ranked Thomas, the PGA Tour player of the year after winning five times last season, birdied the first six holes to take the lead. But instead of making a run at his second sub-60 round in a little over a year, Thomas had to fight for an even-par 71 that left him eight shots back. He dropped six strokes in a three-hole stretch, making a bogey on the par-4 14th, a triple bogey on the par-5 15th and a double bogey on the rowdy par-3 16th. On Thursday in the first round, he had a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
Tweet February Exhibit at the Geary Gallery in Darien, CT
The Geary Gallery 576 Boston Post Road
Darien , 06820
USA
The Geary Gallery of Darien proudly presents “February Florals” featuring the breathtaking floral still life oil paintings of Bronx native, Sue Barrasi. Her exhibit runs February 1 - 28. The Geary Gallery is open Tuesday through Saturday, 9:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. 576 Boston Post Road, Darien, CT 06820. (203) 655-6633. www.gearygallery.com
Categories:
*Times, venues and event details can change without notice. Please contact the organizer of the event you are interested in. This web site, Canaiden LLC and its affiliates are not responsible for inaccuracies or changes to any of the listed events.
DALLAS (WOOD) — Sunday afternoon saw the first competition between Western Michigan University and Wisconsin.
Both schools' marching bands set up at Klyde Warren Park in downtown Dalls for the annual Cotton Bowl Battle of the Bands. The Broncos and Badgers took turns entertaining a large and energetic crowd of fans.
Cotton Bowl Battle of the Bands View as list View as gallery Open Gallery The annual Cotton Bowl Battle of the Bands in Dallas. (Jan. 1, 2017) The annual Cotton Bowl Battle of the Bands in Dallas. (Jan. 1, 2017) The annual Cotton Bowl Battle of the Bands in Dallas. (Jan. 1, 2017)
It was a friendly competition between the two groups, who will also perform in the stands and on the field at Monday's Cotton Bowl.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is saying that “racism is evil” as he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.”
He is speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that “many sides” are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
0 11 things to do in Pittsburgh this weekend (6/1-6/3)
Here are 11 things to do this weekend in Pittsburgh:
Three Rivers Art Festival
The 59th annual Three Rivers Arts Festival will begin on Friday through June 10. The free event includes music, theater, dance, public art installations, gallery exhibitions, activities, food and more.
Be sure to check out the full lineup of events and artists for #TRAF18 June 1-10 at https://t.co/4IMB6BFbCG pic.twitter.com/wh8ofkITbD — Pgh Cultural Trust (@CulturalTrust) April 16, 2018
Thomas & Friends: Explore the Rails at the Children's Museum
This family fun exhibit includes familiar faces such as Thomas, Percy and Gordon. Kids can learn the inner workings of an engine, take pictures with Thomas, use problem-solving skills to fit freight onto a train car and much more.
Journey & Def Leppard concert
The co-headlining stadium and arena tour will make a stop at PPG Paints Arena and will feature hit songs from both bands including "Pour Some Sugar On Me," "Lights," "Photograph," "Don't Stop Believin'" "Rock of Ages" and "Faithfully." Tickets are on sale now.
Journey and Def Leppard make their way to PPG Paints Arena on June 2! Presale begins in 15 minutes!
Code: BELIEVIN
Link: https://t.co/68eTuD8R1b pic.twitter.com/mNrUAFGdie — PPG Paints Arena (@PPGPaintsArena) February 1, 2018
Justin Timberlake concert
Timberlake's The Man of the Woods Tour is making a stop in Pittsburgh on Friday after the release of his new album in February.
1️⃣ month until @jtimberlake hits the stage at PPG Paints Arena! #itsmayyy pic.twitter.com/XYMtkFqbYl — PPG Paints Arena (@PPGPaintsArena) May 1, 2018
Eat'n Park Cookie Cruiser at the Children's Museum
The cruiser will make an appearance at the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh on Sunday and will be handing out free Smiley cookies while supplies last.
Kenny Chesney: Trip Around the Sun Tour
Chesney's “Trip Around the Sun Tour,” with special guests Thomas Rhett, Old Dominion and Brandon Lay, starts at 5 p.m Saturday. If you are heading down to Heinz Field this weekend, click here for information.
Only 4️⃣ more days until the #TripAroundTheSun tour hits the North Shore! pic.twitter.com/nHoX0504BE — Heinz Field (@heinzfield) May 29, 2018
Beers of the Burgh
The Beers of the Burgh Festival will be at the Carrie Furnace in Swissvale on Saturday. The 21+ event will feature 50+ Western Pennsylvania breweries.
11 days... pic.twitter.com/lC808EnhBb — Beers of the Burgh (@BeersoftheBurgh) May 22, 2018
Full Bloom Summer Dance Party
The 10th annual benefit will take place in East Liberty on Saturday and will feature live performances, food and drink from East End restaurants and awesome dance music.
The Kelly Strayhorn Theater (KST) announces 2018 Full Bloom Summer Dance Party Benefit. - https://t.co/otCpwrTCaR pic.twitter.com/XkZKlRBiI8 — Kelly Strayhorn (@KSTheater) May 23, 2018
Cinema in the Park
Dollar Bank will have free movies in several Pittsburgh parks through Aug. 31. Grab a blanket and head to Schenley Plaza this Sunday to see "Deep."
T-minus one week until FREE Cinema in the Park events kick off for the summer! Find the full list of movies and where to watch them here: https://t.co/KgibaSa4fT pic.twitter.com/C1hSrjYot4 — Pittsburgh Parks (@pittsburghparks) May 27, 2018
Allegheny County pools and spray parks to open
The Parks Department announced on Wednesday that Boyce Park Wave Pool, North Park Swimming Pool, Settler Cabin Park Wave Pool & Dive Pool and South Park Wave Pool will open on Saturday.
X-Fest 2018
The music festival will take place this Saturday at Keybank Pavilion and will feature Jack White, Cold War Kids, Awolnation, Sir Sly, lovelytheband and more.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
SHERIDAN — The Joint Interim Revenue Committee voted down five potential revenue bills Wednesday in its final meeting before the legislative budget session begins Feb. 12. Only one of the bills — a leisure and hospitality tax — made it to the discussion stage, as the other four died due to a lack of support.
The leisure and hospitality bill —which proposed a 1 percent excise tax on purchases in bars, restaurants and hotels — had six votes in favor and six votes against. To move forward, a bill requires a majority of votes in favor, so the leisure and hospitality tax died.
The proposal received public support from members of the state tourism industry. Rep. Mike Madden, R-Buffalo, co-chair of the revenue committee, voted in favor of the proposal and expected it to pass.
“It totally surprised me that that one didn't make it, especially given the importance of tourism in this area,” Madden said.
Sen. Dave Kinskey, R-Sheridan voted against the proposal because he said the government needs to decrease spending before raising taxes.
Rep. Mark Kinner, R-Sheridan voted against it, as well, because he was concerned about the timing of adding a new, narrowly-focused tax.
“Right now, we really don't have a whole comprehensive plan for the state,” Kinner said. “I still was also kind of questioning carving out a tax for a specific industry.”
Kinner also said it didn't appear the tax would go anywhere in the official budget session even if it got through the revenue committee.
Rep. Cathy Connolly, D-Laramie, made a motion to bring three other bills to discussion: a 0.5 percent sales tax for school construction and two related to property tax assessment rates. None of her motions received a second motion, so they died without a vote. A proposal to have a sales tax on specified services didn't receive a motion for discussion, also dying without a vote.
The committee was tasked with recommending proposals that could raise up to $300 million in revenue to present to the Legislature. The committee's two revenue-generating proposals— a tobacco tax and wine and spirits markup — would raise less than $10 million combined.
Madden said the combination of not going forward with a more costly school funding model from recalibration and the January Consensus Revenue Estimating Group report made it less pressing to pass revenue bills. Last month's CREG report projected that an additional $140 million in funds will be available over two years, mainly due to an increase in oil price and production.
Madden also said the Legislature may not have to use much of the Legislative Stabilization Reserve Account — also known as the rainy day fund — because of the better projections in the CREG report.
Now that the major revenue-generating bills are off the table, other ways to cover the remaining deficit include diversion funds, one-time gains and budget cuts.
Regarding the approximate $484 million K-12 education deficit for 2019-20, Kinskey said cuts are coming and the Legislature will have to decide how much.
“Whether the 4 percent cuts that education has taken over the last three years is enough or whether we should ask a little bit more,” Kinskey said, “that'll really be the big debate for the session.”
Similarly, Kinskey mentioned a recent encouraging conversation he had with a school superintendent.
“He said, ‘Whatever you do, we'll find a way to deal with it and still take care of the kids, the teachers. All we ask is that you give us time to adjust,'” Kinskey said. “That's the most sensible thing I've heard said in the entire debate in the last three years.”
The death of the revenue committee's numerous proposals all but assured that budget cuts will arrive shortly down the road.
If you are someone that follows Huawei news in its various markets around the world, it can sometimes be difficult to keep track of all the names and devices that are released. You can have one device and yet still have different and confusing names for different countries. For example, the new Honor 9i that is making its debut in India is also the same as the Huawei Maimang 6 launched in China last month and the Huawei Nova2i which became available in Malaysia just a few days ago.
But regardless of its name, the Honor 9i boasts of the four cameras that you can use to take great mobile pictures and videos (well, if you have the eye and talent for doing so). The dual cameras on both the front (13MP + 2MP) and back (16MP + 2MP)means you can take Bokeh shots (the art of blurring parts to produce a hipster looking shot). The smartphone also has a FullView display with an 18:9 aspect ratio and a nearly bezel-less 5.9-inch display.
It is powered by a Huawei Kirin 659 Cortex-A53 processor and has a 4GB RAM and a 64GB internal storage that can be expanded to 128GB with a microSD card. The Honor 9i comes with a 3340mAh battery and has the Huawei Histen audio system which gives you an algorithmically enhancing sound output. It also has some gesture-based shortcuts, like if you draw an S with your knuckles, you can capture the entire web page. To capture the screenshot, tap twice with one finger and to record the screen, tap twice with two fingers.
The Honor 9i is priced at 17,999 rupees and comes in three color options: Platinum Gold, Navy Blue, and Midnight Black. It will be available starting October 14 exclusively through Flipkart.
SOURCE: Flipkart
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Wednesday arraigned one Emmanuel Ogbu and a firm, Next Tech- Global Services Ltd. in an FCT High Court over alleged issuance of N5 million dud cheques.
Ogbu was arraigned on a two-count charge bordering on breach of trust and issuance of dud cheque, according to the News Agency of Nigeria, NAN.
The prosecuting counsel, Mrs Ashibi Amedu, told the court that on March 12, 2013 in Abuja, Ogbu borrowed N5 million from Mr Michael Omefe, the nominal complainant.
He said that the defendant borrowed the money to enable him construct four unit cell blocks at Yenagoa Prisons.
The contract was awarded the defendant by the Nigeria Prisons Service.
Amedu alleged that Ogbu issued a dud cheque to Omefe, as on presentation at the bank, it was discovered that there was insufficient fund in his account.
The prosecutor said that the offences contravened the provisions of Section 311 of the Penal Code and Section 1 (1)b of the Dishonoured Cheques Offences Act Cap D11 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004.
Ogbu pleaded not guilty to the charges levelled against him.
The defendant's counsel, Mr Collins Shaka- Momadu, applied for his bail and it was not opposed by the prosecution.
The judge, Justice Peter Affe, upheld the administrative bail granted the defendant by the EFCC and adjourned the matter until Oct. 11 for trial.
The fires that continue to ravage California have taken Kyle Richards‘ former home.
“I'm so sad to hear that my childhood home that I grew up in and my parents built, burned down,” she tweeted Monday. “I lived there from 2 or 3 years old until I was 18. So many memories #belairfire #skirballfire.”
Several celebrities have felt the effects of the fires, as Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi, as well as Rob Lowe, were forced to evacuate.
Last week, Kimora Lee Simmons, Lea Michele, Paris Hilton and more were forced to evacuate.
Some £20,000 was raised for the Conquest Hospital MRI Scanner Appeal from a superbly-attended charity football match on Sunday (April 22).
A great crowd of well over 2,000 watched a Hastings United Veterans team take on Tottenham Hotspur Legends in the sunshine at United's Pilot Field ground.
The players in action. Photo by Scott White.
Hastings won the match by five goals to two, but the real winner was the scanner appeal.
The football club would like to thank the Hastings United Sports & Social Club events and fundraising co-ordinator Jo Nesbit for all the hard work she put in to make the day such a success, plus all the volunteers and other staff who ensured the event went ahead professionally and safely.
The club also wished to thank all connected with Tottenham Hotspur Legends and Hastings United Veterans.
After the match there was a function for VIP ticket holders at the Hastings United Sports & Social Club, during which an auction of memorabilia was held with the money generated contributing to the overall scanner appeal funds.
Hastings United Vets v Tottenham Hotspur Legends football action. Photo by Scott White. SUS-180423-213436002
The Tottenham Hotspur Legends players mixed with VIP ticket holders, sponsors and other guests. Hastings United Football Club would like to thank all companies and individuals who provided any sort of event sponsorship.
Dr David Walker, medical director for East Sussex Healthcare Trust, thanked the directors of Hastings United FC and Jo Nesbit, the Buckswood School Bagpipe Band, and all the workers and volunteers for putting on such an amazing spectacle.
The appeal is now getting very close to achieving its target of £1 million and the objective of funding the purchase of a much-needed, state-of-the-art MRI scanner for the Conquest Hospital and local community. The appeal has now passed £975,000.
All donations to the appeal are retained in a dedicated account for the sole purpose of funding the new scanner, which will be purchased in mid-2018 for installation in a custom-built MRI suite at the
Hastings United Veterans v Tottenham Hotpsur Legends. Photo by Sid Saunders SUS-180424-164001001
Conquest Hospital.
With the target now in sight, a few more donations would be very welcome. Cheques should be made out to the Conquest Scanner Appeal and sent to The Conquest MRI Scanner Appeal, PO Box 288, St Leonards, TN38
1JA or made online via www.conquestlof.org.uk/mridonate.
The football club hopes that the visit to The Pilot Field by so many people might result in some new fans returning to watch Hastings United matches.
The club would be more than pleased to welcome new supporters and any new sponsors that may wish to come on board.
The club's various sponsorship packages can be enquired about by emailing club@hastingsunited.com for the attention of Hayley Clout, or by contacting Jo Nesbit on 07960 425180 or emailing n777nes@hotmail.co.uk.
Details of the club's sponsorship packages can also be found on the club's website at www.hastingsunited.com.
A $10-million provincial government investment to combat rural crime is a drop in the bucket that will do little to address a growing problem, say critics.
“This is a start,” said Scott Cyr, the MLA for Bonnyville – Cold Lake, noting that the recent injection of additional provincial funds to the justice system, is the first time the NDP has acknowledged there is a real crime problem in the province.
But Cyr said rural areas are going to need more help from the province and Chestermere Mayor Marshall Chalmers agreed.
“I don't think it comes near close to addressing the actual need,” he said in a Postmedia interview on Apr 6.
Chestermere, a community larger than Cold Lake at 20,000 people, is dealing with an uptick in property crime, as is the Municipal District of Bonnyville.
“Rural crime is absolutely on the rise and in some cases out of control,” he said, adding the community has 17 RCMP officers. “We're unique because we share a border with Calgary. As we know, criminals don't stop at the border.”
United Conservative Party Calgary-West MLA Mike Ellis raised Chestermere as an example of an under-resourced community while questioning Justice Minister
Kathleen Ganley during a legislative committee meeting Apr.3.
In a red carpet event, local hip hop head Veezo View premiered and launched the music video for his hit song ‘Zaka'.
The premier took place at Riverwalk Mall's Capital Cinema and attracted a host of local musicians, including Shanti Lo, Zeus and Scar.
‘Zaka', which features Yaw Bannerman, is the leading song in Veezo View's six-tracked album, ‘PRE V.I.S.A' and has received massive airplay from the country's radio stations.
The video is proving just as popular, with critics already labelling it as a contender for Botswana's best music video of the year.
Speaking at the launch, the Director of Youth at the Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development (MYSC) Lawrence Ookeditse praised Veezo View and his management for the video's professional execution.
Noting that there is a lot of untapped talent amongst the youth, Ookeditse stressed that his office were determined to assist all those trying to make something of their lives.
“The truth is we (Batswana) have been shy to make money, it is now time for the new generation to take over and make money. This can only be possible if we invest in talent and sponsor them and this is what my office and ministry will do,” vowed the minister.
Veteran promoter and artist manager, Zenzele Hirschfeld, also applauded Veezo View for his dedication and willingness to learn, warning that most artists fail to make it because they think talent alone is enough.
Taking a trip down memory lane, to her days as Vee Mampeezy's manager, Hirschfeld, of Zen Promotions, pointed out that times have moved on drastically since then.
She explained that back then Vee's mother did not believe the music industry was a viable career for her son whereas nowadays parents are starting to accept that their children do not have to be doctors or lawyers to make it.
Hirshfeld highlighted that the arts are now a multi-billion Pula industry, which need to be tapped into.
For his part, the man of the moment, Veezo View thanked his family and friends for their support and pleaded with corporates and government to extend a helping hand to artists.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on charges of rape in the first and third degrees, and criminal sexual act in the first degree, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement on Wednesday.
NEW YORK: Movie producer Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on charges of rape in the first and third degrees, and criminal sexual act in the first degree, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement on Wednesday.
Weinstein's indictment by a grand jury follows his arrest and court appearance last Friday. Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than 70 women, with some allegations dating back decades.
Advertisement
He has denied having had nonconsensual sex.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; editing by Grant McCool)
The Spaniard was a high-profile arrival at the Italian giants last season.
But since moving from Yamaha, the experienced ace has flopped.
He finished finished seventh in the previous campaign and looks set to struggle again this time round.
Lorenzo did not finish the first race in Qatar - last year he was 11th.
The 30-year-old was 15th in Argentina having not finished last year.
On Sunday he was 11th in Austin but in 2017 he was 9th.
According to Spanish media outlet Diario Gol, Yamaha superstar Rossi thinks his old team-mate is a spent force.
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak, it wasn't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out.
Toronto Police say they're looking for a suspect after two 11-year-old girls were allegedly sexually assaulted in a downtown convenience store.
The two girls were in the store near Spadina Avenue and Bloor Street West last Friday afternoon and it's alleged they were approached by a man who sexually assaulted both of them.
READ MORE: Woman allegedly sexually assaulted in Toronto nightclub bathroom: police
Police say they're seeking the public's help in identifying the suspect and have released security camera images.
The man is described as 30 years old, clean-shaven, with short brown hair.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 416-808-1400, Crime Stoppers anonymously at 416-222-TIPS (8477).
The Treasury has reportedly sent plans to the Royal Mint for the coins to be made.
Tory MPs had written to the minister in charge of money to suggest new coins being forced to celebrate Britain's exit from the EU.
And Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury Robert Jenrick has replied to say he is supportive of the idea and can “see the argument”.
Now the plans have been sent to the official Royal Mint Advisory Committee – reportedly with the government's blessing – ahead of the UK's departure from Brussels next year.
Patna: Nitish Kumar-led Janata Dal (United) or JD (U) has expelled 21 party members from their primary memberships over anti-party activities.
The development comes after senior member Sharad Yadav was replaced as party leader in the Rajya Sabha with Ram Chandra Prasad Singh.
State president Vashistha Narayan Singh suspended the members after reports of them going against the party emerged, as per sources.
Among those suspended includes former minister Ramai Ram, former MP Arjun Rai and former MLA Rajkishor Sinha.
Notably, On July 26, Kumar dissolved JD (U)'s grand alliance with Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) and formed a new coalition with old ally BJP.
Skylar Ackerman's rink is back in Saskatchewan with some new hardware and treasured memories after claiming silver at Canada's under 18 curling championship in St. Andrews, New Brunswick.
“I came off the ice crying once because I was just so excited,” lead Samantha McLaren said. “It was unreal what was happening to us.”
The Moose Jaw-based team posted a 4-2 record in round robin play, and won three playoff matches to earn a berth in the gold medal game.
While they eventually fell 6-3 to Nova Scotia in the final, the young women are celebrating an underdog season that was nearly derailed by an early-season injury to second Chantel Hoag.
“It was heartbreaking. I was totally lost. Letting my team down really hurt me,” Hoag said. “When my injury happened it was all so fast, all so quick that everything wasn't there anymore. My walking ability wasn't there. I was in a cast and I had crutches for over six weeks.”
The team relied on two spares while Hoag recovered from a torn ligament in her ankle, but once she returned, they blazed through the provincial tournament to punch their ticket to the second-ever U-18 Championships.
“It was crazy. It was so loud. People were yelling your name and it was hard to focus at first,” skip Skylar Ackerman said of her first time competing in an arena setting. “Once we got the hang of it we just buckled down and made our shots.”
“Just step on the ice and clear everything from your mind, and you're out there doing what you love to do with the people you love the most,” Third, Madison Johnson added.
Coach Patrick Ackerman said the young squad was even winning over their opponents by the end of the tournament.
“Throughout the week we had three or four girls teams looking for green flags and green jerseys to wear to cheer the girls on.”
Ackerman and Hoag also took home sportsmanship awards.
The trip may hardly be over, but the team is already planning its return to the ice- the next step in a journey they hope will lead to Olympic glory.
“There will be more pressure on us,” Hoag said. “We know how to deal with that. We know what our abilities are, we know what we can do, and hopefully we can make it to a national title.”
The largest U.S. manager of prescription benefits is telling drugmakers that the current pricing model is broken, and taking aim at Amgen Inc , Eli Lilly and Co and other makers of new migraine medicines to try and fix it.
LOS ANGELES: The largest U.S. manager of prescription benefits is telling drugmakers that the current pricing model is broken, and taking aim at Amgen Inc , Eli Lilly and Co and other makers of new migraine medicines to try and fix it.
Express Scripts told Reuters it is pressing them to forego the usual strategy of setting a high U.S. list price, then lowering the cost for health plans through hefty rebates. It is also seeking a refund if the drugs don't work within a defined timeframe.The shift could help Express Scripts and other pharmacy benefits managers (PBMs) bring prices down, and deflect growing criticism of their role as "middlemen" in the drug supply chain.
The Trump administration and members of Congress have demanded that PBMs pass on more of the rebates they receive to consumers outraged over rising costs at the pharmacy counter. Many Americans now have health plans with higher deductibles or co-payments, making them responsible for more of their medical costs.
Express Scripts is advising drugmakers to take that shift into account as they launch a new class of migraine drugs.
"If your expectation is that you are not going to actually get that high list price, then don't do that to patients who have high co-pays," Chief Medical Officer Steve Miller said in an interview, describing his message to Amgen and its rivals. "Let's be more balanced. Let's get back to where gross-to-net is not so different."Amgen's Aimovig is expected to be approved next month, followed by similar drugs from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd and Lilly that the companies say could benefit up to 4 million people in the United States.
Lilly has been pushing PBMs "for years" to create contracts that take drug performance into account, Chief Executive David Ricks said when analysts asked about the Reuters story on a conference call to discuss quarterly earnings.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ricks said he was happy that Express Scripts "is now changing their view and support this kind of construct. We'll be happy to work with them on it."
The new injected therapies interfere with the function of a molecule involved in the processes that kick off a migraine, such as dilation of blood vessels in the brain.
Wall Street analysts expect Amgen to announce a list price of up to US$10,000 per year for Aimovig once it is approved, setting the tone for competitors.
But Express Scripts and other PBMs restrict access to new drugs they deem too expensive, asking doctors to provide detailed evidence of why a specific patient may benefit, requiring the use of other drugs for a period of time or favoring cheaper rivals when available.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Drugmakers could face similar issues with the new migraine treatments, Miller said: "Should they price these things too high they will probably not be able to achieve much market share."
Express Scripts is also pushing Amgen and its peers to refund two-thirds of the cost of a migraine drug if a patient stops treatment within 90 days because it didn't work or caused major side effects. Such guarantees are becoming more prevalent for older drugs with competing products on the market, including diabetes and hepatitis C therapies. It would be unusual to introduce them for the first drug in an entirely new class of therapy.Amgen, which will market Aimovig in partnership with Novartis , declined to comment on talks with Express Scripts. Research chief Sean Harper said in a recent interview that payers share blame for the current pricing model.
Their demands for ever-larger rebates has forced manufacturers to use higher list prices as a benchmark, he said. "It is a ridiculous situation that we are in," Harper said. "No one is paying the list price, but patients are exposed for a period of time" until they pay off their insurance deductible.
Shares of Amgen, which will report quarterly results on Tuesday afternoon, fell 1 percent in midday trading. Lilly declined 0.5 percent.
TAKING OUT COSTS Rising U.S. healthcare costs, the most expensive worldwide, are straining budgets for families, employers and government agencies. That has created new pressures within the industry to control costs.
To that end, Express Scripts has agreed to a buyout from health insurer Cigna Corp , while PBM rival CVS Health Corp plans to buy insurer Aetna Inc . In interviews with Reuters, smaller PBM Abarca Health and insurer Highmark Health said they were adopting similar tactics to Express Scripts in negotiating coverage for the migraine drugs. CVS declined comment.
Teva said it was evaluating the pricing environment for its migraine drug. The stakes are high for Amgen, which has struggled to grow revenue in recent years.
The biotech company's last potential blockbuster, high-priced cholesterol treatment Repatha, has been stymied by PBMs who questioned its value compared to generic statins that cost US$100 per year. Repatha and rival Praluent, sold by Sanofi and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals , launched in 2015 at list prices near US$14,000 a year and were expected to be billion-dollar products. But Express Scripts and other payers have rejected most prescriptions written for the new medicines while awaiting proof that they lower the risk of death.
As a result, Repatha sales totaled US$319 million last year, while Praluent had sales of US$195 million. "If Amgen and Sanofi had it to do over again, I think they would have priced at half the list price and made a whole lot more money," said Jason Borschow, chief executive officer at Miami-based Abarca. Aimovig is far more effective at preventing migraines than current treatments, mainly low cost generic drugs. Recent studies have shown that Aimovig reduces episodic migraines by at least half in around 50 percent of patients. The Food and Drug Administration is expected to decide on Aimovig by May 17. The agency's decision on Teva's treatment fremanezumab had been expected in June, but that may be delayed due to manufacturing issues. A ruling on Lilly's galcanezumab is expected later in the year.
(Editing by Michele Gershberg and Edward Tobin)
One of the busiest carriers we know is T-Mobile with its many deals and discounts. The Un-Carrier knows how to make consumers happy, or at least, its subscribers by coming up with great offers and quick OS updates for several devices. Apart from the discounts and Buy One-Get One deals, the company is also serious about upgrading and expanding services. It's also bringing extensive military support program and there's the T-Mobile Changemaker Challenge that gives the public a chance to start changing the world.
The company has been busy the past few months. It just updated the RCS with GSMA Universal Profile and warned customers about port out scam activity. We're not surprised that it's #1 in customer satisfaction for 2017. Just before last year ended, T-Mobile expanded LTE Advanced to hundreds of cities in America. This time, hundreds of cell sites are getting low-band LTE coverage.
The low-band LTE expansion includes both 700MHz and 600MHz coverage. Listed below are cities receiving low-band LTE:
• ALABAMA. Danville, AL; Tuscumbia, AL; Hazel Green, AL; Newton, AL
• ARIZONA. Glendale, AZ; Sells, AZ; Flagstaff, AZ; Grand Canyon, AZ; Prescott, AZ; Seligman, AZ; Kingman, AZ; Bullhead City, AZ
• ARKANSAS. Jacksonville, AR; Jonesboro, AR; Fayettesville, AR; Huntsville, AR
• CALIFORNIA. Los Angeles, CA; Lynwood, CA; Cerritos, CA
Sylmar, CA; South El Monte, CA; Pomona, CA; Chula Vista, CA; Cardiff By the Sea, CA; San Diego, CA; Indian Wells, CA; Blythe, CA; La Quinta, CA; Twin Peaks, CA; Moreno Valley, CA; Goleta, CA; McFarland, C; Visalia, CA; Palmdale, CA; Sanger, CA; Salinas, CA; Redwood City, CA; Sunnyvale, CA; San Francisco, CA; Oakland, CA; Stockton, CA; Coulterville, CA; Delhi, CA; Merced, CA; Wheatland, CA; Antelope, CA
• COLORADO. Avon, CO
• CONNECTICUT. Bethel, CT; Westport, CT
• Washington, DC
• DELAWARE. Rehoboth Beach, DE
• FLORIDA. Sanderson, FL; Jacksonville, FL; Tallahassee, FL; Alford, FL; Hallandale, FL; Tampa, FL; Saint Petersburg, FL; Lakeland, FL; North Fort Meyers, FL
View the complete list HERE
VIA: TmoNews
Wednesday, July 4, 2018 - This wannabe Kenyan socialite called Princess wrote a harsh post on social media sometime back insulting Kenyan men, calling them broke and stingy.
She praised Nigerian men and claimed that they know how to treat ladies unlike Kenyan men who don't know anything about romance.
Back then, she felt like she is the hottest thing in town.
Princess took a break on social media after falling pregnant and the man behind the pregnancy dumped her.
She is now a single mother.
Let us refresh your memory with these steamy photos of Princess when she was feeling like she…
Kaimanawa horse destined for slaughter now thriving in Auckland
RENEE CLAYTON/STUFF Whitiora Feijoa KH, Feijoa for short has transformed from a wild horse to a domestic in five weeks.
A horse destined to be slaughtered has been saved and is now thriving.
Whitiora Feijoa KH, Feijoa for short was living in the Kaimanawa ranges for around 14 months before being removed as a part of the Department of Conservation's (DOC) management programme in April along with 170 others.
Luckily Feijoa was healthy enough to be homed and was taken in by north Auckland's Madeleine Flannagan who hired the Wilson Sisters, of TV's Keeping up with the Kaimanawas fame, to handle him and teach her how to handle him.
Renee Clayton Flannagan can lead Feijoa, back him into a trailer, touch him all over and lift his leg.
READ MORE:
*Hundreds of wild Kaimanawa horses face slaughter
*Wild Kaimanawa horses homed in Northland
*Young Motueka woman calls for help to save Kaimanawa stallion from slaughter
Feijoa was unloaded at the Wilson's property on April 18 and, by April 22, was approaching Flannagan and eating grass out of her hand, and by 10 days was on his first beach visit.
"The transformation from wild horse to domestic in just five weeks was amazing," Flannagan said.
Renee Clayton Madeleine Flannagan says Feijoa is her new best friend.
The Hibiscus Coast Barrister said she has owned eight horses but has never established a connection as quickly as she has with Feijoa.
"I brought Feijoa home from the Wilson's on Sunday and it has been a magical experience.
"There is something magical about a wild horse trusting you."
Renee Clayton Feijoa loves exploring with Flannagan.
Flannagan had horses as a teenager and had to give them away once she started working, she then had horses in her 30s until she had a bad accident.
"I started horse riding lessons again earlier this year and once I got the hang of it I decided I wanted another horse.
"I had always known about Kaimanawa horses and ran with the idea of getting one knowing I could save it."
Department of Conservation started their population management programme in 1993 to keep the horse herds to a practicable level.
In 2010 the herd was reduced to 300 which means musters can be carried out every two years, significantly reducing costs to both DOC and the horse re-homing groups.
"Historically a lot of healthy horses have been slaughtered due to the lack of skill out there to control them, but over the years, particularly with the Wilson Sisters people have realised these horses can be domesticated and make good pets.
"More adoptive homes are needed to save the lives of all the healthy horses or they will be slaughtered."
Flannagan said she plans to keep working and teaching Feijoa.
"I hope to do some liberty work with him and also take him to Kaimanawa horse shows in the future," she added.
- Rodney Times
Submitted Photo
Ryan Trahan, LAT, ATC, certified athletic trainer with the Sports Medicine Center of Thibodaux Regional, was presented with the Outreach Athletic Trainer of the Year award by the Louisiana Athletic Trainers' Associationat its annual meeting recently in New Orleans. The Outreach Athletic Trainer of the Year Award recognizes members of the Association for tireless commitment of the highest level for service and care to athletes, the community and LATA. A native of Houma, Trahan earned a Bachelor of Science in Athletic Training from Nicholls State University in 2012 and was an active member of Iota Tau Alpha, the athletic training honor society. He has been a member of Thibodaux Regional's Sports Medicine staff for five years. Trahan is head athletic trainer at Riverside Academy in Reserve where he works with coaches and student athletes on a daily basis. Presenting the award to Trahan, left, is Scott Arceneaux, LAT, ATC, St. Amant High School and LATA president.
Los Angeles police say a retired officer has been arrested on suspicion of defrauding the city out of more than $200,000 in a phony workers' compensation scheme.
Officials said Thursday that the alleged scam stems from a medical claim filed in 2014, while Terry Johns was still on the force. Johns retired in 2016 after more than three decades with the LAPD.
Investigators allege Johns engaged in physical activities inconsistent with the injuries he said he sustained while on the job. As a result, officials say, the 56-year-old received benefits to which he wasn't entitled.
Court orders have been served on his financial accounts, freezing assets related to the alleged scam.
Johns could face charges including workers' compensation fraud. It wasn't immediately known if he has an attorney.
World number one Andy Murray has voiced his support for changes designed to speed up tennis being tested at the inaugural Next Generation ATP Finals in Milan this November.
REUTERS: World number one Andy Murray has voiced his support for changes designed to speed up tennis being tested at the inaugural Next Generation ATP Finals in Milan this November.
The tournament for the leading tour players aged 21 and under will feature a new scoring system, no lets, limited medical time-outs and shot clocks as the men's governing body seeks ways to appeal to younger audiences.
The scoring system is the most radical change to the traditional format, with five-set matches decided through first-to-four-game sets, instead of the usual six, with tiebreaks played at 3-3.
"Tennis is doing very well right now but that doesn't necessarily mean that's going to be the case in the future, so I think it's important to try new formats, different scoring systems and see if it works," Murray told reporters.
"It is good to try new things... at least it's trying something different. You have to give credit for doing that, because tennis has often been accused of being too traditional, not wanting to try new things."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The only new rule that Murray specifically opposed was the no-advantage scoring rule, where each game will be decided by a sudden-death point at deuce.
"I would prefer to try a shorter set with the same scoring, rather than the sudden-death deuce points," Murray added.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Google must have smarted a little – ok, a lot – from the bad criticism their Nexus line of smartphones got when talking about camera performance and quality. This is probably why they moved to resolve this with the Google Pixel, and resolved it they did – the Google Pixel was top dog in DxOMark's mobile camera benchmarks for a long time until the HTC U11 finally beat it recently.
Google Pixel's renowned camera performance boiled down to software, which we detailed in an earlier report about Google's HDR+. We all know that now, HDR+ is the default mode for the Google Pixel's camera, giving users just that much better camera performance. The good news is, Google's camera app – yes, the one with HDR – has now been ported for use on many 2016 and 2017 phones powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820, 821, and 835 chipsets.
As you may have surmised, the Google Pixel's camera app is exclusively used only in the Pixel smartphones. To our good fortune, a Ukrainian developer who goes by the handle “B-S-G” has ported the said app for other phones, allowing them to use Google's software trick on their phones as well. Check out the images below, taken on a Snapdragon 820-powered OnePlus 3 – the images on the left taken without Google Camera's HDR+ and the ones on the right with HDR+.
From a majority of the reports, the feedback is great and that the app actually produces better images for these devices. Would you want to try this app for your phone? Download the APK from the source link below.
VIA: XDA
An outside legal review of NPR's handling of allegations against its former top news executive, Michael Oreskes, found that questions were raised about his behavior toward women even before he was hired. And concerns about misconduct were reportedly flagged throughout Oreskes' two-and-a-half year tenure at the network right up to the day he was fired.
Repeated warnings about his inappropriate conduct and expenditures from the network's top leadership proved ineffective, the review by the law firm Morgan Lewis noted.
"Attempts to curtail Mr. Oreskes' conduct and attention to women were not successful," the report stated. "While management made multiple attempts to counsel Mr. Oreskes about his conduct, he was not deterred from pursuing conversations and dinner meetings with women inside and outside of NPR that were inappropriate and served a nonbusiness purpose." Oreskes was forced to resign on Nov. 1.
In an interview on Tuesday, NPR Board Chairman Paul Haaga compared the process of reviewing Oreskes like "whack-a-mole."
"Remonstrations were effective in stopping one behavior, but not in stopping all behaviors that should have stopped," Haaga said. "We didn't know that he was going to solicit dates outside NPR."
The nine-page report on the review's findings was released to NPR staffers Tuesday afternoon, as NPR CEO Jarl Mohn and Chief Operating Officer Loren Mayor had promised. Morgan Lewis conducted the review from December to February, interviewing 86 current and former NPR employees, of whom 71 are women.
In effect, the legal review offered greater texture to Mohn's contention that he had failed to connect relevant dots — a contention he made in apologizing to the network's staffers in November.
The law firm also surveyed the culture at NPR and found a "high level of distrust" in management to address such problems effectively. More broadly, it found a "perception of a culture at NPR that favors men," in a way that it said many employees believe "can foster harassment and bullying."
Morgan Lewis suggested several fixes: NPR should require all employees to undergo sexual harassment training, preferably in person; NPR should contract with an outside firm to conduct investigations into sexual harassment complaints, at least for now, as a way of rebuilding trust; NPR's board of directors should monitor complaints, processes and resolutions; and NPR should conduct a gender equity study of pay and promotion.
The network already appears to have embarked on several closely related initiatives under the leadership of Mayor.
In its recommendations, the report also urges that hiring processes use so-called "blind references" for job candidates. In a separate section on Oreskes, the report notes that he had four referrals and eight blind references.
NPR journalists expressed anger toward Mohn and management at all-staff meetings held in November. Some questioned whether he could continue in the job.
In a joint interview Tuesday, Haaga and NPR board member Wonya Lucas, who is leading the NPR board's special committee on sexual harassment and workplace culture, said they retained faith in Mohn and his senior team.
"There were clear lapses in judgment," said Lucas, a veteran cable television executive who is the president and CEO of Public Broadcasting Atlanta. "There was a breakdown in communication among senior management. There were policies and procedures that were not in place and others that were not followed."
But Lucas said the current management team should be given the chance to succeed, given the work that Mayor has initiated and recommendations the board was poised to pass Tuesday evening.
"People make mistakes. Some mistakes are so egregious that they are [professionally] fatal," Haaga said. "What I like to look at is, do they own the mistake? Do they learn from them?
"They just owned it."
In a note to NPR staff on Tuesday, Mohn said he and senior staff are reviewing the Morgan Lewis report. "We can learn from it, and we will," he said. "While we cannot change the past, we can commit to not repeating it."
Mohn added: "We are committed to a work environment where everyone feels safe and respected. I want to build an organization of equality and empowerment, where every one of us is held to the same standards and every voice can be heard."
NPR News exchanged emails with Oreskes but did not secure comment. NPR News will add reaction from Oreskes as it arises.
The problems involving Oreskes were flagged even before he took the job. At the tail end of the hiring process, one participant in his hiring review raised a past incident in which Oreskes reportedly sought to meet women late at night at a conference under the guise of discussing his book.
Within six months of Oreskes' start in the spring of 2015, two NPR female journalists lodged sexual harassment complaints against him — each after attending separate dinners at which they alleged Oreskes had inquired pointedly about their personal lives and in at least one instance "made several comments of a sexual nature."
Oreskes was warned about his behavior by NPR's top attorney, Jonathan Hart, who said it could not recur. The report suggests that the network did not receive new specific complaints of misconduct toward NPR women.
According to the Morgan Lewis report, subsequent concerns were raised to NPR's top executives over his expense account submissions involving interactions with women. His digital exchanges with younger women outside NPR, including journalists elsewhere, freelancers, job hopefuls and aspiring college reporters, also set off internal alarms.
Colleagues said Oreskes used meals and drinks — ostensibly to discuss career advancement — as opportunities to engage in questionable conduct.
Oreskes would be repeatedly admonished for his conduct and also over his expenses, by Hart, Mayor, Chief Financial Officer Debbie Cowan and ultimately Mohn himself. Oreskes has since reimbursed NPR for $1,800 in invalid expenses, an amount which seems modest in comparison to the amount of social entertaining he is said to have done.
Inside NPR's newsroom in 2015 and 2016, rumors were swirling and more experienced female news staffers were warning younger journalists not to be alone with their top news executive. By fall 2016, editors were warning HR staffers and their superiors that Oreskes' conduct had an issue, though few had details to offer. At roughly the same time, a woman contacted HR to say that Oreskes had forcibly kissed her in the 1990s while he was Washington bureau chief for The New York Times and she was exploring job opportunities there.
But these episodes were apparently considered as separately defined transgressions — inappropriate behavior toward subordinates; misuse of company funds on expenses; inappropriate conduct toward young female journalists who did not work for the network.
In October 2017, a second woman reported that Oreskes kissed her against her will in the 1990s while at the Times. The report suggests that only toward the end did Mohn and NPR's top executives conclude these incidents were part of the same family of misconduct.
As a public matter, attention swiveled to Oreskes on Oct. 31, 2017, when The Washington Post revealed the two allegations from his days at The New York Times.
Later that afternoon, NPR News reported one of the two HR complaints from an NPR journalist filed in October 2015. The same day as the Post's piece, another female NPR journalist notified the network that Oreskes had invited her to a beach cottage to discuss her possible career advancement. According to the report, that additional episode triggered the decision by Mohn to ask for Oreskes' resignation.
On Nov. 7, in an email to staff, Mohn said he failed to connect other signs. "In retrospect, I did not see the bigger pattern of poor judgment and unacceptable behavior," Mohn wrote. "I am sorry, and I have learned from this."
The report does not offer great detail for the individual episodes that occurred during Oreskes' time at NPR. Nor does it explain the internal deliberations of the network's leadership. It does suggest, however, two conclusions: first, the network failed to connect visible dots illuminating a related pattern of behavior; second, NPR's management did not terminate Oreskes in part because, after the two October 2015 HR filings, it did not receive complaints about behavior toward women who worked at NPR until October 2017.
Paul Haaga, the board chairman, said Mohn should have been brought into discussions about Oreskes' behavior prior to fall 2016. And he said Jonathan Hart, NPR's general counsel, was focused primarily on preventing harm to NPR's employees.
"It was surprising to me [to learn] when certain parties knew certain things," said Lucas, the NPR board member. "Different people within management had different information over time."
More women came forward after media coverage of allegations against Oreskes. Other women subsequently told NPR News that Oreskes' behavior and communications made them decide not to apply for work at the network.
Disclosure: NPR's David Folkenflik reported this story under the guidance of Deputy Managing Editor Jim Kane and Standards and Practices Editor Mark Memmott. Under standard procedures for reporting on NPR matters, NPR's corporate and news executives were not allowed to review what they reported until it was posted. No editors or reporters involved in this story attended any private NPR staff meetings related to the subject.
DoLE's move to review high-heel policy lauded
0 SHARES Share Tweet
By: Samuel Medenilla
A labor group on Sunday lauded the pronouncement of the Department of Labor and Employment (DoLE) that it is now considering regulating the mandatory wearing of high-heeled footwear in workplaces.
The Associated Labor Unions-Trade Union Congress of the Philippines (ALU-TUCP) said the proposal is a significant step for the government towards improving the working condition of workers, who are required to wear high heels by their management.
“The ALU-TUCP commends the swift action made by DoLE on a request made by salesladies to do away with the wearing of high heel shoe because it causes pain and exposes them to the risk of sliding, falling, and tripping off,” ALU-TUCP spokesperson Alan Tanjusay said in a statement.
ALU-TUCP is against the mandatory wearing of high heels due to its supposed negative effects to the posture of its users.
“Most of these salesladies have been enduring the pain and the risks caused by wearing high heels shoes for the entire period of the shift for many years because they will be fired whenever they complain against it,” Tanjusay said.
Labor and Employment Secretary Silvestre Bello III said he has already created a technical working group to conduct a study and stakeholder consultation to craft a new policy that will regulate the use of high heels.
Tanjusay said they will continue to monitor the developments on Bello's proposal.
“ALU-TUCP envision a policy that cover not only salesladies but promodizers in supermarkets, waitresses, hotel and restaurant receptionists, flight attendants and lady security guard,” Tanjusay said.
Related
comments
As we draw ever closer to the royal wedding (the date is less than a month away), Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are confirming details left and right. Over the past few weeks, they've revealed the florist , the wedding photographer , and the official wedding cake . The latest piece of the puzzle is the music. On Tuesday (April 24), the official Kensington Palace Twitter announced the lineup of musicians who will be playing during the ceremony at St. George's Chapel, and it's a very talented group.
First up is 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, who in 2016 won the BBC Young Musicians contest. According to a press release , Prince Harry saw Kanneh-Mason play last June, and the young musician was asked by Markle herself to provide the tunes for the wedding. “I'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle's wedding," he said in a statement. "I was bowled over when Ms. Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes! What a privilege to be able to play the cello at such a wonderful event. I can't wait!"
Obsessed with the Royals? Same. Click here to get Meghan Markle updates—and more—from Glamour's daily newsletter.
Kanneh-Mason is joined by Karen Gibson and the Kingdom Choir, a Christian gospel group based in southeast England that's "dedicated to creating a sound that demonstrates the community they share." According to a press release, the group is also known for "its united sound, warm energy, and enthusiastic performance."
"The Kingdom Choir is truly honoured to be invited to sing at the wedding of Prince Harry and Ms. Markle, and very excited to be taking part in such a historic moment," said Gibson, the founder and conductor. "It will be a moment that we will always treasure, and we'd like to take the opportunity to wish the couple all the very best for their coming union."
Rounding out the lineup is the Choir of St. George's Chapel, an orchestra conducted by Christopher Warren-Green with musicians from the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the English Chamber Orchestra, and the Philharmonia Orchestra, according to Reuters . James Vivian, the director of music at St. George's Chapel, will direct all the music, which will be a "number of well-known hymns and choral works" that have been hand-picked by Markle and Prince Harry with "a great deal of interest and care." The actual set list will be released closer to the wedding date.
Previously, the Spice Girls hinted they had all been invited to the wedding , and Mel B heavily implied they were performing. If the rumors are true, then they'd be singing during the reception, not the ceremony itself (although that would be amazing). So far, though, none of the five Spice Girls has confirmed a performance.
The former governor of Edo state, Adams Oshiomhole, has reacted to the letter of former President Olusegun Obasanjo, asking President Muhammadu Buhari to forget about the 2019 election.
Speaking when he visited Buhari at the presidential villa in Abuja on Friday, Oshiomhole said since Obasanjo is not one of Buhari's advisers, he should allow the president to make his own decisions.
He also recalled that while Obasanjo was in power, he told ministers and advisers that he was at liberty to heed or reject their advice.
“I'm not sure that President Obasanjo is one of the advisers of President Buhari. But I also recall with respect that the day President Obasanjo was swearing in some of his advisers, he did say that anybody who is his adviser can advise him, he will make his own decisions. And I think that principle still stands,” he said.
Oshiomhole said as an Progressives Congress (APC) “activist and loyalist”, he visited the villa to assure the president of his “absolute and total support” for his government.
“I came to wish the president a Happy New Year and appreciate him for his leadership of the country because as an APC activist and loyalist, I'm a party man, to reassure him of my absolute and total support for his government and even for 2019,” he said.
“I think that in moments like this nobody should seat on the fence. Our country has challenges and there are huge temptations here and there. It is important he knows that he has men and women who even at this hour have huge confidence in his leadership ability.
“Everything taken to account, I believe that every Nigerian who wants us to sustain some of the renewed vigour to deal with one of the most challenging problems that Nigeria has faced, namely corruption and things like that, you cannot but appreciate the president and all that has been done under his leadership this past two years and some months.”
Asked to review developments in the country in line with the poverty level, the former Edo governor said, “Let's trace the route of poverty, is not something that developed over the past few weeks or few years. If you review all your newspapers editorials from my days as president of the NLC, the challenge has been how do we ensure that the Nigerian economy worked for the betterment of the majority of the people particularly the forgotten rural majority.
“So, this has been there but everybody who understands development issues and if you review Africa development literature, you will agree that one of the key issue that explains the paradox between a potentially very rich continent in the case of Nigeria a very rich nation, the paradox of a wealthy country but people getting poorer and poorer have to do with the issue of corruption. And if you do not deal with that you cannot deal with other things. I think this president rightly identifies that as a major area of focus.”
The idea of a perfect race – blonde-haired and blue-eyed – is what drove Adolf Hitler to try and expel the Jews from Germany during World War II.
The Trump administration is imposing a US arms embargo on South Sudan while urging the United Nations and other countries to do the same.
A State Department official says the US is restricting all sales of defence equipment and services to all parties to South Sudan's conflict. It's mostly symbolic since the US has almost no defence trade with the country in the first place.
The official says the move is in response to South Sudan's humanitarian crisis and that the restrictions effectively amount to a “domestic arms embargo.” The official wasn't authorised to discuss the situation publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The United States is also calling on South Sudan's neighbours to implement similar arms restrictions and urging the UN Security Council to support a global embargo on the country.
My baby's first day home from the hospital was both one of the best and worst days ever. I was so relieved to finally be home with my newborn, but I was also exhausted, tired, and scared out of my mind. I didn't know what I was doing and, as a result, questioned everything... including my ability to be a mom. Then I learned that there are people who can make and break your baby's first day home from the hospital, and realized that for better or worse I was not alone.
Like, for example, my mom. When I brought my daughter home from the hospital, and she was up all night breastfeeding and screaming, my mom calmly recommended that we give her a little formula and call the lactation consultant for help. Little did I know that our rough first day at home was a direct result of my baby not getting enough to eat. While I took care of my daughter's needs, my mom pretty much took care of me, which is just what I needed when I was recovering from childbirth.
There's also the hospital staff. While I didn't actually bring them home with me, having the staff prepare me for my return home made a huge difference; a lesson I learned after my second baby was born. Before I left the hospital with my first child in my arms, I didn't receive what I thought to be an adequate amount of information. In fact, all I was given was a one page sheet of discharge instructions. After my second baby was born, though, I pretty much demanded that my baby's doctor, nurses, and lactation consultant send me home with information on how to know if my baby was getting enough to eat, and instructions for how to get help if he wasn't.
And that's, honestly, just the beginning of the list of people who will end up directly impacting your first day at home with your new baby. From wannabe visitors to neighbors to everyone in between, it won't take long for you to learn that the whole "it takes a village to raise a baby" thing isn't hyperbole, but an accurate representation of life as a new mom.
Your Partner Courtesy of Steph Montgomery You might have a partner who is willing to take a night shift so you can actually get a solid couple of hours of sleep during your baby's first night home. On the other hand, you might have a partner who is seemingly unaffected by your baby screaming all night long, and sleeps through the night while you feed, change, and soothe the baby solo. I have had both kinds of partners, so I feel safe saying that who you're decided to co-parent with can make or break your first night home from the hospital.
The Clerk At The Liquor Store I don't know about you, but after 10 months of abstaining from alcohol, and two days of labor followed by a painful recovery from birth, I needed a beer. Most specifically, I wanted a specific beer that of course wasn't available when I gave birth. Fortunately for me, and my husband, the liquor store clerk, recommended an alternative. It was absolutely wonderful. See also: Anyone who delivers food to your house. I wanted to hug them all.
Your Baby's Doctor Giphy Your baby's doctor might be willing to field random calls from a stressed out new mom the day she brings her baby home from the hospital, or she might tell you that it's no big deal and make you feel as though you're overreacting. I probably don't have to tell you that if you have the latter, you might want to find a new doctor.
The Discharge Nurse Just like about every other profession on the planet, some nurses are awesome and others simply aren't. I hope that you get a discharge nurse who treats you with care, and gives you all the information you need to confidently feed your baby, know if they are getting enough to eat, and what to watch for when it comes to jaundice and dehydration.
Your Baby Giphy Babies are different, y'all. Some babies will come home from the hospital, sleep well, and will make you forget you have a newborn, and others — like my first — will cry for two days straight. You don't actually know which kind of baby you are going to have beforehand, of course, so it's best to plan for the worst. Oh, and stay calm.
Your Lactation Consultant The first time I brought a baby home from the hospital, I was bound and determined to exclusively breastfeed and never let my baby have a single drop of formula. After all, the lactation consultant I saw told me that my baby's latch looked great and that I would make the amount of milk she needed. I didn't. The second time around, however, I had a lactation consultant who told me that it was not only totally OK to supplement with formula, but in my case it was necessary. Using formula actually saved my breastfeeding relationship with my baby.
Your Mom Giphy My mom was amazing when I brought my babies home from the hospital. I don't honestly know what I would have done without her. She cooked meals, took care of my older children, and helped take care of me after I had my babies.
Visitors My rules for people visiting my home when I'm recovering from childbirth are pretty simple — get vaccinated, bring food, don't expect to hold my baby the whole damn time (unless it's so I can take a shower), and get used to seeing my boobs because I am not leaving the room to feed my baby. No new mom should have to ask for these things, either.
× Expand Photo by Theo Tate Edwardsville's McLain Oertle competes in the 100-yard breaststroke at the Southern Illinois Swim Championships on Feb. 8.
Brian Baggette and Tyler Morris have finalized their college plans.
Next year, the Edwardsville seniors will be members of the McKendree University swimming and diving team, which is in its first year of competition this winter. Baggette and Morris signed Feb. 8 to compete with the NCAA Division II school in Lebanon.
“I think they have a great program,” Baggette said. “They have a great coaching staff and a great team and I'm looking forward to the next four years.”
But first, Baggette and Morris are focusing on helping the Tiger swimmers turn in a strong postseason. Edwardsville will compete in the Springfield Sectional at 9 a.m. Saturday, Feb. 18, at Eisenhower Pool.
Last year, the Tigers finished second to Springfield in the Edwardsville Sectional. Baggette was EHS' lone state qualifier after placing first in the 500-yard freestyle.
“State was absolutely amazing,” Baggette said. “It was one of the best experiences in my life.”
This winter, Baggette and Morris have been among the key members of an Edwardsville team that enjoyed its best regular season in school history. The Tigers finished 8-0 in dual meets and won the Iron Invite and Southern Illinois Swim Championships.
Edwardsville finished first with 1,122 points at the Southern Illinois Swim Championships on Feb. 8 at the Chuck Fruit Aquatic Center to end its regular season. Triad and Highland were tied for second with 37 points.
“It was a lot of fun,” said Baggette, who turned 18 on Feb. 8. “It was my last home high school meet here and to see everybody improve so much over the course of the season, it was awesome to see.”
The Tigers won 9 of 11 events in the meet. They received wins from Morris (50-yard freestyle), Baggette (500-yard freestyle), Mark Schoolman (diving), Benny Benson (100-yard butterfly and 100-yard breaststroke) and Noah May (100-yard backstroke) and won all three relay events.
Morris said his biggest highlight was swimming in the 100-yard freestyle relay, which is something he hadn't done since he was 8 years old.
“It was awesome today,” he said. “We got to compete in some races that we usually don't swim throughout the season and it was fun swimming with some of these guys for the last time being a senior and not being able to swim with them ever again. It was nice.”
Morris added, “We have a really strong structure. We don't have just a few fast swimmers then a bunch of slow ones, it's a mixture of really strong swimmers, not completely fast, but strong. We have a lot of numbers this year as well as we just really connected as a team this year. We went undefeated for the first time ever in the history of the Edwardsville swim team.”
Baggette said head coach Christian Rhoten was a big help to the team this season.
“Christian has done a great job on developing young swimmers to fill roles that we needed,” he said. “What separates our team from the past is depth. We have so much depth and we have so many people contributing.”
The Tigers had a school-record 27 swimmers this year.
“We definitely had a much bigger team than we had in the past,” Rhoten said. “We started off our first year with 10 three years ago, then it grew to about 15 and this year has jumped up a lot to 27. We have a big freshman class, but we have a lot of swimmers who are not year-round swimmers like Zach Ballosini and Chris McCartney, who are football players. They're multi-sport athletes who are starting to pick up that swimming is a great sport to do in the winter.”
This year's 16-team Springfield Sectional will include Alton, Springfield, O'Fallon, Glenwood and Sacred-Heart Griffin, Granite City, Collinsville and a slew of others, along with 15 teams entering individuals.
“It's definitely the most competitive meet we'll have this season without a doubt because every team put their top swimmers in every race,” Rhoten said. “So what we're going to do is stick to our plan. We had a game plan from the beginning of the season that we're going to find what people fit best and go out and race and we can do as well as we can do. It's going to be fun and exciting and it's definitely a meet to remember.”
Baggette, Benson, Morris, McCartney, Spencer Sholl and Alex Naeger make up the Tigers' senior class.
“They are really great leaders in the pool,” Rhoten said. “They're fantastic swimmers and they do what they're supposed to do and they set a good example for the younger guys.”
The Edwardsville coach is happy Baggette and Morris will continue their swimming careers at the next level.
“Any time we can get an athlete into college or swim in college is a great accomplishment,” he said. “We think that McKendree is going to be a great fit for them both.”
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and #AdVsports on Twitter
WASHINGTON: US payrolls contracted in September for the first time in seven years as major hurricanes left workers idled in southern states but unemployment continued to fall, official data showed on Friday (Oct 6).
The September numbers also sank far below the expectations of analysts, who had predicted hurricanes Harvey and Irma would slow but not reverse job creation - which had until now been robust and uninterrupted during nearly a decade of economic recovery.
The new jobs numbers were likely to be unwelcome news to the White House even though President Donald Trump late last month acknowledged that the storms would probably dampen US economic activity.
Trump has vowed to create 25 million new jobs over a decade and the September report underscored how difficult attaining such a goal will be.
Economists said Friday that Hurricane Irma in particular - which made landfall in Florida on Sep 10 just as federal workers were conducting their monthly employment survey - caused significant distortions and sent the data in contradictory directions.
Total non-farm employment fell by 33,000 net positions for the month, with a steep drop-off in hiring at restaurants and bars, according to the Labor Department.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the unemployment rate also fell another two tenths to 4.2 per cent, its lowest level since February of 2001.
Analysts had been expecting a slower, but still positive result of 75,000. Instead, the September result ate into some of the employment gains from August, which was also below trend despite a small upward revision.
"Looking past the short-term hurricane disruptions, the US economy is in good shape, data have surprised to the upside recently and confidence is soaring," Mickey Levy of Berenberg Capital Markets said in a research note.
Unemployment fell even though job creation contracted because of differences in the way the Labor Department measures positions and unemployment. An employee unable to work due to bad weather will not be counted as unemployed. But the position will not count toward job creation if the worker goes unpaid.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
And 1.5 million workers idled by bad weather were still counted as employed even if they retained their jobs but were unable to work - the highest such level in 20 years.
WALL STREET UNNERVED
Nevertheless, economists have said the effects of the storms - which slammed into the economic hubs of Texas and Florida over a two-week period in late August and early September - were likely to be transitory.
Average hourly earnings, a closely watched measure of wages which can point to looming inflation, popped by a surprising 0.5 per cent to US$26.55.
However, this may be another temporary, storm-related distortion: Those temporarily unable to work because of the storms are often lesser-paid workers, meaning average wages briefly appear higher.
Hiring at bars and restaurants, where workers are often not paid if they miss work, fell by 105,000 for the month.
Payroll employment in other sectors, such as mining, construction, manufacturing and financial services, saw little change over the month.
There were other signs of weakness, however, with a net downward revision to the prior two months of 38,000 positions.
September's surprise jobs contraction was unlikely to resolve disagreements among Federal Reserve policymakers, who have argued over the need to raise interest rates in the absence of inflationary pressures.
"The Federal Reserve has indicated that the distortions created by the hurricanes are ultimately little more than noise in the overall US economy," economist Diane Swonk wrote in an analysis of the September report.
"I disagree but I don't vote" on the Fed policymaking panel, she added. "We're expecting the Fed to raise rates one last time before Chair Yellen likely steps down on February 3."
Wall Street investors took the news badly, with all three major stock indices in the red towards 1600 GMT. The broad-based S&P 500 had given up 0.3 per cent while the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average and tech heavy Nasdaq were both between 0.1 per cent and 0.2 per cent lower.
Maia and Alex Shibutani rose to win a bronze medal in ice dance at the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics on Tuesday, turning in an artful routine named "Paradise."
Canadian legends Tess Virtue and Scott Moir won gold, followed by France's Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron with silver, in a competition marked by both high scores and high drama.
As of today, Virtue, 28, and Moir, 30, are the most successful figure skaters in Olympic history, with five medals (including three gold). That's more than any other competitor, in singles or pairs.
Tweet
Virtue and Moir have been skating together since they were kids; today, Virtue was asked if she ever thought they'd reach this level of success.
"Certainly not," she said, "although in grade one I did write in my journal that I wanted to be at the Olympics with Danny Moir, Scott's brother, so I'm close."
"This was an incredible ice-dance event and to know we gave it our very best means everything," Maia Shibutani, 23, said after she and her brother pulled off another medal-winning performance.
Tweet
The Shib Sibs had been in fourth place after the short dance portion of the competition. They laid it all on the line today, in hopes of reaching the podium — and they came away with their second bronze medal of these Winter Games, the U.S. having placed third in the team event.
"It feels like gold. It's unbelievable," Alex Shibutani, 26, said. "I am so proud of the way we fought through this week and the season. We are so emotional."
Skating skills, choreography, and drama: They're hallmarks of ice dancing – and they've been in evidence over the past two days at the Gangneung Ice Arena.
Look no further than the French pair of Papadakis and Cizeron, who were making headlines for all the wrong reasons, after the collar on Papadakis' costume became unfastened during their performance on Monday. The "wardrobe malfunction" exposed her breast on live TV – an experience that Papadakis called her "worst nightmare."
Tweet
The French duo's short-program score didn't seem to suffer, and they proved they had recovered their composure by turning in a strong and stirring performance — earning the highest score ever in an Olympics free dance on Tuesday (South Korea is 14 hours ahead of U.S. Eastern Time).
Their score of 205.28 combined points put Papadakis and Cizeron comfortably past the Shibutanis 192.59 points, and seemingly within striking distance of Virtue and Moir.
But then the Canadian pair took the ice, and they delivered the uniquely captivating, athletic and sensual performance that has made them stars. Skating to music from "Moulin Rouge," they earned a final combined score of 206.07 — an Olympic record.
Tweet
Saying that she is thrilled, Virtue added, "That performance was really special and truly memorable. The gold medal is the cherry on the cake."
When Alex Shibutani was asked about the imposing task of moving into medal contention in an event that ranks by cumulative score, he said, "We believed in ourselves. We felt that our short dance was amazing. So there was no reason to be concerned about the score."
"It feels like gold. It's unbelievable," Alex Shibutani said, after he and his sister Maia won bronze in the ice dance free dance at the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Olympic Games at Gangneung Ice Arena. MLADEN ANTONOV/AFP/Getty Images
The Shibutanis were briefly in first place after their free dance program, before the other top contenders claimed spots on the podium. The siblings finished one spot ahead of fellow Americans Madison Hubbell and Zachary Donohue, who are in their first Olympics in South Korea. With Madison Chock and Evan Bates in ninth place, all of the American pairs finished in the top 10.
Re: B.C. joins legal fight against pipeline, Aug. 11
And so the attack begins on megaprojects designed to bring our natural resources, regardless of their provincial origin, to market — while there is still a market. All this is going to do is spend a lot of B.C. taxpayer dollars with a predictable outcome, and in the process irritate our fellow Canadians in Alberta.
If they succeed, we will all be the poorer for it. It isn't just Trans Mountain that will be affected. If you were going to invest billions in some project, would you pick B.C. as the place? There are a lot of British Columbians living and working in places other than Metro Vancouver and southern Vancouver Island.
Bill Richardson, West Vancouver
Visits raise doubts about asylum
Re: No Supreme Court appeal for refugee, Aug. 11
As I understand the concept of requesting asylum, it is predicated on the perception of a threat to the person if they are sent back to their country, in this case Sri Lanka.
Making two “prolonged trips” to a country from which you purportedly fled, makes a mockery of an asylum claim. That should meet the threshold of rescinding permanent residency, let alone Canadian citizenship. Allowing citizenship, when your initial “asylum” request appears bogus? It seems Mr. Nilam thought he'd fool our citizenship process.
Barbara Ewart, Maple Ridge
Young people need to be shown a better way
Re: Surrey on edge after trio of shootings, Aug. 10
As reporter Kim Bolan has articulated so well in her article, the shootings in Surrey and Abbotsford have become a cause of concern not only for the residents of these communities but for every British Columbian. Like other communities, the South Asian community is worried about the mayhem on our streets. A number of South Asian community organizations, along with the Indo-Canadian media, have been working hard in the area of prevention for several years. Even one life lost to gangs/drugs and violence is one too many. It is disappointing that despite so many efforts these shootings continue. In order to address this issue all stakeholders need to continue to work on a multi-pronged approach of awareness, education, prevention and enforcement. Let us hope and pray that these aimless and misguided young people will realize that engaging in criminal activities is no way to make their mark in life.
Balwant Sanghera, Richmond
Smoke is causing health problems
Re: Most able to cope with smoky skies, Aug. 9
Are we children who need coddling and told not to worry? Everything is far from fine. Everyone I talk to has throat problems and some are getting phlegm in their throat from all this smoke that we are breathing. We can all feel it in our lungs. I hear so many complaints about it from normally active people who are feeling lethargic. I'm not a doctor, but smoke symptoms of this magnitude are obviously causing problems with our health. I have lived here all my life (67 years) and have never seen conditions like this. We certainly need to take this seriously — it definitely is that bad.
Mike Babington, Pitt Meadows
WASHINGTON - US President Donald Trump, under pressure to explicitly condemn a weekend rally by white supremacists that ended in bloodshed, on Monday denounced racism and slammed the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis as "repugnant."
Trump had taken heat from Democrats and Republicans alike for his response to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
A woman was killed and 19 others injured when a suspected Nazi sympathizer plowed his car into a crowd of anti-racism protesters after a violent rally by neo-Nazis and white supremacists over the removal of a Confederate statue.
After meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and new FBI Director Christopher Wray, Trump got tough.
"Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," Trump said in nationally televised remarks from the White House, where he travelled early Monday to meet with his top law enforcement aides.
"Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," he said.
"To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered."
In an appearance Saturday at his golf resort in New Jersey, Trump had faulted "many sides" for the violence but made no specific mention of the white extremists involved in the melee, some of whom wore Trump hats and T-shirts.
Earlier Monday, Sessions said in an interview on ABC's "Good Morning America" program that the car attack "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he told ABC.
The Justice Department has launched a civil rights inquiry in connection with the incident, and the driver, a 20-year-old Ohio man who was said to have had a history of neo-Nazi beliefs, has been charged with second-degree murder.
On Monday, a judge denied bail for the suspected attacker, James Fields.
After a weekend of criticism of Trump from both sides of the political aisle, a prominent African-American businessman quit a presidential advisory body Monday to protest what he deemed an insufficient response.
"Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, races, sexual orientations and political beliefs," Ken Frazier, chief executive of Merck Pharmaceutical, said in announcing his resignation from Trump's American Manufacturing Council.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal," Frazier said.
"As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism." Trump was quick to lash out at Frazier's move.
"Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!" the president said on Twitter.
On Sunday, the White House and top administration officials strove to defend the president.
"The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred," the White House said in a statement.
"Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
On a visit to Colombia, Vice President Mike Pence said: "These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Pence also defended Trump, saying the president "clearly and unambiguously condemned the bigotry, violence and hatred" on display in Charlottesville.
The Charlottesville mayor, Michael Signer, a Democrat, however laid much of the blame for the violence directly at the president's feet, saying on CBS that Trump had created an atmosphere of "coarseness, cynicism (and) bullying."
Of the 19 people injured on Saturday, 10 remained hospitalized in good condition and nine had been released, the University of Virginia Health System said.
Two state police officers involved in the law enforcement deployment for the rally also died Saturday in a helicopter crash.
Trump faced criticism during last year's presidential campaign for failing to quickly reject a vow of support from a former Ku Klux Klan leader, David Duke, though he eventually did so. Duke attended Saturday's rally.
The president has long had a following among white supremacist groups attracted to his nationalist rhetoric on immigration and other hot-button issues.
Share This
PRESS RELEASE – THE Saint Lucia National Youth Council echoes its support for Caribbean Youth Fest 2017. The youth competition is scheduled to take place in Vieux Fort on December 17.
Youth Fest continues to be a platform for talented young Saint Lucians to showcase their skills, and has led to many opportunities for these stars to bloom.
The artists for this year's competition were selected by a panel of judges to compete for 1st and 2nd place positions in two individual categories, “Teens” and “Twenties”, from which a 2017 Youth Star will emerge. The selections were made from original audition tracks submitted by over 75 artists. Finalists will be attending a special training programme to prepare them for a performance of world-class standards.
The finalists are:
TEENS:
Yannette James
Britney Forsythe
Jamal Joseph
Amil James
Dyllan Stanislaus
Kristian Lawrence
LyletonCornwalis
Travis Mathurin
Virgil Joseph
Deshawn Augustin
TWENTIES:
Alex Klien
Bill Stanislaus
Brendon Charlery
Jamal Henry
Johnnel Leo
Lennie Joseph
Mandela Edga
Larry Eugene
Quan Auguste
Shaquille Wilkinson
The Saint Lucia National Youth Council congratulates all the participants and encourages them to represent themselves and their communities to the best of their abilities. Special commendation is also extended to the Youth Fest organizing team for their hard work over the years. We encourage the public to go out to support our young aspiring artists.
A day after a failed North Korean missile test, U.S. President Donald Trump had a message Monday for the North's ruler: "Gotta behave." At the same time, Vice President Mike Pence warned at the Korean Demilitarized Zone that America's "era of strategic patience is over."
Keeping up the verbal volleying, North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States of turning the Korean peninsula into "the world's biggest hotspot" and creating "a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment."
Pence's visit to the tense DMZ dividing North and South Korea came at the start of a 10-day trip to Asia and underscored U.S. commitment. It allowed the vice president to gaze at North Korean soldiers afar and stare directly across a border marked by razor wire.
As the bomber jacket-clad vice president was briefed near the military demarcation line, two North Korean soldiers watched from a short distance away, one taking multiple photographs of the American visitor.
Pence told reporters that Trump was hopeful China would use its "extraordinary levers" to pressure the North to abandon its weapons program, a day after the North's failed missile test launch. But Pence expressed impatience with the unwillingness of the North to move toward ridding itself of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
Pointing to the quarter-century since the United States first confronted North Korea over its attempts to build nuclear weapons, he said a period of patience had followed.
"But the era of strategic patience is over," he declared. "President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change. We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable."
Trump himself appeared to reinforce the message at the White House, replying "Gotta behave" when a CNN reporter asked what message he had for North Korean leader Kin Jong-un.
South Korea US Pence Korea Lee Jin-man / AP U.S. Vice President Mike Pence burns incense in front of his wife Karen Pence, right, at the Seoul National Cemetery in Seoul, South Korea, Sunday, April 16, 2017. Pence arrived in South Korea on Sunday to begin a 10-day trip to Asia that comes amid turmoil on the Korean Peninsula over North Korea's threats to advance its nuclear and defense capabilities, and just after a failed missile launch by the North. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence burns incense in front of his wife Karen Pence, right, at the Seoul National Cemetery in Seoul, South Korea, Sunday, April 16, 2017. Pence arrived in South Korea on Sunday to begin a 10-day trip to Asia that comes amid turmoil on the Korean Peninsula over North Korea's threats to advance its nuclear and defense capabilities, and just after a failed missile launch by the North. (Lee Jin-man / AP) (Lee Jin-man / AP)
In New York, the North's deputy U.N. ambassador, Kim In Ryong, said that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever "aggressive war drill." He said his country "is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S."
In Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, speaking to reporters Monday evening, said he hoped there would be "no unilateral actions like those we saw recently in Syria and that the U.S. will follow the line that President Trump repeatedly voiced during the election campaign."
Meanwhile, China made a plea for a return to negotiations. Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said tensions need to be eased on the Korean Peninsula to bring the escalating dispute there to a peaceful resolution. Lu said Beijing wants to resume the multi-party negotiations that ended in stalemate in 2009 and suggested that U.S. plans to deploy a missile defense system in South Korea were damaging its relations with China.
Late Monday, Pence reiterated in a joint statement alongside South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn that "all options are on the table" and said any use of nuclear weapons by Pyongyang would be met with "an overwhelming and effective response." He said the American commitment to South Korea is "iron-clad and immutable."
Noting Trump's recent military actions in Syria and Afghanistan, Pence said, "North Korea would do well not to test his resolve" or the U.S. armed forces in the region.
The vice president earlier visited a military installation near the DMZ, Camp Bonifas, for a briefing with military leaders at the joint U.S.-South Korean installation, which is just outside the 2.5-mile wide (4 kilometers) DMZ. Under rainfall, Pence later stood a few meters from the military demarcation line outside Freedom House, gazing at the North Korean soldiers across the border, and then peered at a deforested stretch of North Korea from a lookout post in the hillside.
In Tokyo, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, speaking to a parliamentary session Monday, said: "Needless to say, diplomatic effort is important to maintain peace. But dialogue for the sake of having dialogue is meaningless."
"We need to apply pressure on North Korea so they seriously respond to a dialogue" with the international community, he said, urging China and Russia to play more constructive roles on the issue.
Pence's visit came amid increasing tensions and heated rhetoric on the Korean Peninsula. While the North did not conduct a nuclear test, the specter of a potential test and an escalated U.S. response has trailed Pence as he undertakes his Asian tour.
The Trump administration is hoping that China will help rein in North Korea in exchange for other considerations. Last week, Trump said he would not declare China a currency manipulator, pulling back from a campaign promise, as he looked for help from Beijing, which is the North's dominant trade partner.
Darlene Superville reported from Washington
Our film releases in Russia on 4th of May 2018 also. Enjoy! pic.twitter.com/Ywp70UHReH — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) April 23, 2018
Director Umesh Shukla's forthcoming film 102 Not Out will also release in Russia on the same day as it will hit the screens in India on May 4.Veteran actor Rishi Kapoor, who will be seen sharing screen space with megastar Amitabh Bachchan after two decades, took to Twitter to announce about the film's international release."Our film releases in Russia on May 4, 2018 also. Enjoy!" Rishi tweeted.Being described as an unusual father-and-son love story, 102 Not Out is based on a Gujarati stage production by playwright Saumya Joshi. Amitabh plays a 102-year-old father to a 75-year-old character of Rishi in the film.(With IANS inputs)
The inaugural Bourbon & Beyond festival, which will take place at Champions Park Sept. 23-24, will feature Stevie Nicks, Eddie Vedder, Steve Miller Band, Band Of Horses, Buddy Guy, Nikki Lane and more.
This new festival Bourbon & Beyond, from the company behind Louder Than Life, describes itself as an “all-in-one bourbon, food, and entertainment destination that honors the rich history of bourbon that is so deeply rooted in the heart of Kentucky. All together Bourbon & Beyond is a celebration of craftsmanship, soul and spirit.”
There will be two stages, as well as bourbon and food events, held by local and national chefs and master distillers.
MORE than 100,000 people have petitioned the Queen to intervene in the Alfie Evans case after a High Court judge said doctors could turn off his life support.
The petition, which was started after the 23-month-old boy's life support machine was turned off on Monday night, is urging Queen Elizabeth II to take urgent action to protect him. Started by Kayleigh Price from Birkenhead, on behalf of Alfie's parents, it added “there is no time to spare anymore”. The petition reads: “As loyal subjects, we refuse to believe that Your Majesty would ever command such evil deeds to be done."
PA/Getty URGE: The petition to the Queen has been started on behalf of Alfie's parents
“There is no time to spare anymore” Petition It adds: “There is no time to spare anymore. “As your people, we implore you to urgently intervene. If her Majesty the Queen does not intervene in some way, we will take this as though she accepts that what is happening to her people in this country is OK.” One person who signed the petition commented: "Alfie needs to be given the right to live." Alfie's life support was switched off two nights ago but dad Tom Evans said is still breathing.
Getty Images PLEA: Alfie's dad Tom Evans spoke to the media outside the hospital yesterday
Lawyers representing the family applied to send the toddler to Italy, but this was refused by the High Court. And the hospital he is staying in, Alder Hey, spoke out yesterday. A statement from the hospital read: "This evening the High Court again ruled that it is in Alfie's best interests to continue with the end of life care plan developed by the clinical team who have cared for him throughout. "Our top priority therefore remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care he deserves to ensure his comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout."
Alfie Evans LATEST pictures from the case Doctors have been left "gobsmacked" after Alfie's life-support was withdrawn but he continued to live, his father Tom Evans has said. Follow this gallery to view the latest pictures from Alfie Evans' case. 1 / 11 Getty Images A small teddy bear is seen tied to a tree outside Alder Hey Children's Hospital on April 24, 2018 in Liverpool
PITTSBURGH — There was lots of Skille, just not enough skill Tuesday from the Vancouver Canucks.
Suddenly without critical centres Bo Horvat and Brandon Sutter, both injured, the Canucks absorbed plenty of pressure from the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins before cracking in the third period and losing 4-0.
Horvat leads the Canucks in scoring and Sutter is second among forwards in ice time. Their injuries, suffered Sunday in Buffalo, pushed a lot of players into new positions and left Vancouver badly outgunned against a Pittsburgh team that is 23-3-3 at home.
Effort has never been the Canucks' problem, and it wasn't on Tuesday. The problem is young talent and top-end scoring, and the Canucks were shut out for the seventh time this National Hockey League season.
Jack Skille, the training camp walk-on who was moved up from the fourth line on Tuesday, had the Canucks' best scoring chances but was stopped twice while in alone on Pittsburgh goalie Matt Murray.
“I just wish they would have found their way into the back of the net,” Skille lamented. “That definitely would have helped tonight. You don't really feel the pressure; you just want to do whatever you can do to help the team. But missing guys, and being one of those guys that gets bumped up, you definitely want to cash in and step up for the team.
“It doesn't feel good to lose that way, but I think there were a lot of good things. It was unfortunate the game got away from us.”
Vancouver goalie Ryan Miller kept his team close for 40 minutes, and the Canucks trailed only 1-0 until their defending collapsed in the third period and the Penguins got goals from Jake Guentzel, Phil Kessel and Matt Cullen.
Evgeni Malkin had a goal and assist for Pittsburgh, and Sidney Crosby's third-period assist was his 999th NHL point.
Malkin and Crosby. That's who the Penguins had at centre.
“We knew what kind of game we needed to play,” Miller said. “You saw what happened when we got away from it in the third. We started stretching things out and leaving good ice and it didn't turn out so well. It's a one-goal game; anything is possible. It's just disappointing to watch it fall apart in the third.”
If this is the road trip that sinks the Canucks' playoff chances – they're 2-3 with a game to go Thursday in St. Louis – they're not going down meekly. If they had skill to match their will, they'd be back up at the top of the standings with the Penguins.
But they showed themselves something by competing without Horvat and Sutter, and they won't play in fear in St. Louis.
“We knew it would be hard today, especially in the middle,” veteran winger Jannik Hansen said. “A lot of stuff goes through your centremen.
“We were right there. We were there until they scored their second or third goal, but it's not like we didn't have our chances.”
But they didn't have enough, and they didn't have the finish to convert on those they generated.
WHAT IT MEANS
The Canucks need to beat the St. Louis Blues on Thursday to finish this referendum of a road trip at 3-3, which always seemed the minimum requirement to constitute survival – for the trip and in the playoff race.
They've played well through the first five of six games, but left points on the table in regulation losses last Tuesday in Nashville (4-2) and Saturday in Boston (4-3) and now have to find a way to beat the Blues, who are 5-1 since Mike Yeo replaced Ken Hitchcock as coach on Feb. 1.
The Canucks, at least, will be resting Wednesday when the Blues visit the Detroit Red Wings. The absences of Horvat and Sutter were obvious, especially offensively, against the Penguins. One of the impressive aspects of this road trip had been an outbreak of offence by Vancouver, which outscored opponents 12-10 in the first four games.
WHAT WE LEARNED
Canuck general manager Jim Benning said injuries to Horvat (foot) and Sutter (hand/wrist) are day to day and he is hopeful both may be able to play Thursday in the road trip finale in St. Louis. Their status has profound implications on the Canucks' playoff chase and when Benning might start trying to sell off assets before the March 1 trade deadline.
The Canucks' two-day pro scouting-hockey operations summit concludes Wednesday in Pittsburgh. The team's player-development staff is also involved. Benning said the group is planning for the trade deadline and the Las Vegas expansion draft in June.
With the Canucks four points out of a playoff spot coming to Pittsburgh, Benning declined to put a figure on a deficit that he thinks would be too great to overcome.
“I don't want to put a number on it,” he said. “I can count only a couple of games where I wasn't happy with the effort this season. We show up every night and compete hard, and sometimes we come up short on the skill side. We'll see where we are in the next six games and then act accordingly.”
IN A WORD
Improvisation:With their injuries at centre, the Canucks had to rebuild the middle of their forward lines. Jayson Megna moved from wing to centre on the third line, while minor-league call-up Brendan Gaunce replaced Bo Horvat on the second.
Siege: The Penguins did everything but cut off food and water to the Canucks as they put Vancouver under siege for long stretches. Canuck goalie Ryan Miller was single-handedly responsible for keeping his team in it through 40 minutes.
Foiled: Moved up the lineup, fourth-liner Jack Skille had the best Canucks scoring chances, but was stopped in alone on Penguins goalie Matt Murray in the second and third periods.
BY THE NUMBERS
70: Games played this season and last by Alex Biega, whose appearance as a fill-in forward on the Canucks' fourth line makes the defenceman eligible for exposure in the June expansion draft.
7: NHL players (out of 812) who had a worse plus/minus rating the minus-18 Canuck centre Hank Sedin carried into Tuesday's game. Sedin's shot-attempts-for percentage was 49.58.
999: Points by Penguins' superstar Sidney Crosby, whose third-period assist left him one point shy of reaching 1,000 in the NHL – the threshold Canuck captain Henrik Sedin achieved on Jan. 20.
SINGAPORE: Recent comments by former Indonesian air force officials on the Singapore Flight Information Region (FIR) as reported by local media "misrepresent the facts", said Singapore's ambassador to Indonesia in a statement on Monday (Dec 11).
Ambassador Anil Kumar Nayar referred to an article published by MetroTVnews.com on Nov 30.
The article, "Permintah Harus Segera Kendalikan Penerbangan di Langit Kepri" (The government should immediately control flights over KEPRI skies), carried the comments of former Indonesian Air Force Chief of Staff, Air Chief Marshal (Ret'd) Chappy Hakim and Chairman of the Air Power Centre of Indonesia Air Vice Marshal (Ret'd) Koesnadi Kardi.
"Their comments, as reported, misrepresent the facts. First the administration of the FIR is not an issue of sovereignty. It is based on operational and technical considerations to provide effective air traffic control services. The paramount priority is aviation safety. This complex issue is under the ambit of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), and involves other countries and international users of the busy airspace covered by the FIR," Singapore's ambassador said.
He added that it is "not unusual" for air traffic authorities of one country to provide air traffic management services in the territorial airspace of another country.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Indonesia, for example, provides air traffic management services in airspace which belongs to other countries."
The ambassador also said that a reported comment by Air Vice Marshal (Ret'd) Koesnadi that Indonesia "currently ... only recieve(s) a small slice of the cake" of Route Air Navigation Services (RANS) charges is untrue.
"All RANS charges that Singapore collects on behalf of Indonesia are remitted to the Directorate-General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) Indonesia, less the bank transfer costs. And DGCA Indonesia has always found the accounts to be in order," he added.
The Central States VHF Society (CSVHFS) is soliciting papers, presentations, and posters/tabletop displays for its 51st annual conference, set for July 27-30 at the Sheraton Albuquerque Airport Hotel in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The conference is seeking papers, presentations, and posters on all “weak-signal” VHF-and-above Amateur Radio topics. These include:
Antennas, including modeling, design, arrays, and control
Test equipment, including homebrew, commercial, and measurement techniques and tips
Equipment construction
Operating
RF power amplifiers, including single band and multiband vacuum tube, solid-state, and TWTAs
Propagation
Low-noise preamplifiers
Digital modes
Regulatory
Moonbounce (EME)
Software defined radio (SDR)
Digital signal processing (DSP)
Such topics as FM, repeaters, and packet radio are generally considered outside the scope of papers, presentations, and posters being sought, but there are exceptions. Contact Ed James, KA8JMW (10 Trade Ct, Edgewood, NM 87105), if you have any questions about the suitability of a particular topic.
You do not need to attend the conference or present your paper to have it published in the Proceedings. Posters will be displayed during the conference. Submissions will be accepted via e-mail, Dropbox, Google Drive, CD/DVD, USB stick/thumb drive, and other methods.
Deadlines
For papers to be included in the Proceedings, June 12
For presentations to be delivered at the conference, June 30
For posters and tabletop presentations for display at the conference, abstracts are due by June 30, with completed posters due for setup at the conference on July 27.
Additional details on papers, presentations, and posters, including formatting guidelines, are on the conference website. Visit the conference website for more information on the conference. Online registration will open on about May 1. — Thanks to Brian Mileshosky, N5ZGT, 2017 CSVHFS President
Chinese President Xi Jinping (習近平) yesterday wrapped up his shake-up of the State Council and the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) as the National People's Congress approved a slate of new appointments that will allow Xi to place his stamp more firmly on the party and the nation by putting people loyal to him in key posts.
Interestingly, his picks for two key posts were US-trained economists, Yi Gang (易綱), promoted to People's Bank of China governor, and Liu He (劉鶴), who is now one of four vice premiers.
Yi earned his doctorate from the University of Illinois and was an associate professor at Indiana University's Indianapolis campus before returning to China to teach at his alma mater, Peking University, while Xi earned his doctorate at Harvard University and is known as a supporter of free markets.
While Yi has more than just academic experience — he served as deputy bank governor for years — Xi is considered a novice when it comes to the kind of bureaucratic infighting that he will have endured to get Xi's — and his — policies implemented.
However, the capitalist-influenced education that the two men received should not be expected to influence them to move to loosen the CCP's reins on the Chinese economy, or voice opinions that differ from that of their protector and mentor, Xi.
Meanwhile, former minister of supervision Yang Xiaodu (楊曉渡), who last fall was one the officials who championed more party influence over foreign-run companies, is to head the National Supervisory Commission, Xi's new anti-corruption “super agency,” which has been placed higher than the Chinese Supreme Court and the top prosecutors' office in the hierarchy of power.
That is not good news for smaller party fry that have escaped Xi's housecleaning up to this point, but it is also not a good sign for the nation's legal system or Xi's vow to see China governed by the rule of law.
Close Xi ally Wang Qishan (王岐山) on Saturday was named vice president in a move widely seen as part of an effort to limit the influence of Premier Li Keqian (李克強), who was re-elected on Sunday to a second five-year term, and reduce his ability to challenge Xi, while Xi's former chief of staff Li Zhanshu (栗戰書) is the new chairman of the National People's Congress.
While Mao Zedong (毛澤東) has long been known to have said that women “hold up half the sky” and female comrades could do whatever their male counterparts did, Xi followed the lead of Mao and most of his successors by keeping the number of women in key posts to the bare minimum.
Sun Chunlan (孫春蘭), a former the United Front Work Department head, now joins Liu on the vice premier line-up, making her the only woman in a top government position.
Xi is China's “new helmsman.” However, any predictions about what this might mean for China or the rest of the world should be taken with a very large grain of salt, given the deluge of analysis pieces and pundit predictions in 2012 that he would prove to be a great reformer who would lead China toward liberalization and perhaps even democratization.
Xi has laid out his ambitions in recent years, and while he has succeeded in having his “thoughts” enshrined in the both the CCP's and the Chinese constitutions, he may fare less well in his international ambitions, as the nascent push-back against his Belt and Road Initiative has shown.
The Enugu Electricity Distribution Company (EEDC), on Monday said it was committed to providing its customers in five states of the South-East with smart meters in 2017 to reduce complaints about high bills.
The Head, Communications Department, EEDC, Mr Emeka Eze, stated this in Aba on Monday.
He said the company had started providing meters in Awkunanaw area of Enugu State, adding that other states will gradually be metered.
“Metering is one major thing we are taking very seriously in the New Year. Over N9 billion had been invested in metering project so far in the last one year.
“The metering gap is quite huge and we do not have the resources to provide meters for everybody at the same time.
“We have more than 700,000 unmetered customers in our network. So it is something that will take us a while. The 700,000 are the ones we have in our books.
“There are electricity consumers we do not have in our books and are the people we are trying to bring into our books through the enumeration we are to start this January'', he said.
Eze said part of EDC's plan in the new year would be to ensure that its services were improved to give customers value for their money.
He expressed hope that generating companies would improve their generation and so improve the volume of electricity distribution to customers.
He said EEDC was forced to manage the little electricity they were supplied, adding that the vandalism of oil pipes lately had contributed to the low level of supply being experienced.
Eze urged the customers of EEDC not to delay in bringing complaints about service problems to the customer service centres created newly to ease access to the managers for quick solutions.
AFP, BEIJING
Twitter Inc's manager for greater China, whose appointment just eight months ago sparked controversy, has announced her resignation, but welcomed the growing number of Chinese advertisers even though the service is blocked by Beijing.
Kathy Chen (陳葵), appointed in April last year as general manager for the greater China region comprising Taiwan, China, Hong Kong and Macau, made the announcement on Saturday evening on Twitter.
“Now that the Twitter APAC team [Asia-Pacific team in Singapore] is working directly with Chinese advertisers, this is the right time for me to leave the company,” she said.
Like other Western platforms such as YouTube, Facebook and Instagram, Twitter is inaccessible in China, blocked by the Chinese government's vast system of Internet censorship.
Unable to reach local users, Twitter has tried to persuade Chinese companies and media to open accounts to reach a global audience. Large groups such as the telecoms giant Huawei Technologies Co (華為) and state media have made their appearance on the platform.
Chen said that in the past two years, Twitter's advertising base in the greater China region had grown almost 400 percent.
Human rights activists and non-governmental organizations had taken issue with Chen's resume when she was appointed. In the 1980s and 1990s she worked as a computer engineer for the Chinese People's Liberation Army.
Critics were also dismayed by Chen's call on her appointment for “closer partnership” with Chinese Communist Party-backed state media.
Twitter is home to a very active community of Chinese intellectuals and dissidents posting from abroad and also from within the country through the use of virtual private networks.
ROME: Italy said on Monday it would return its ambassador to Cairo more than a year after the murder of an Italian graduate student led the Rome government to recall its previous envoy.
Giulio Regeni was 28 when he vanished from the streets of Cairo in January 2016. His body was discovered in a ditch on the outskirts of the Egyptian capital on Feb. 3, showing signs of extensive torture.
Italy recalled its ambassador in April 2016 as it sought to obtain evidence from Egypt to solve the murder. Magistrates in Rome and Cairo have met a half-dozen times over the past year, but no one has been charged.
"The Italian government's commitment remains to clarify the tragic disappearance of Giulio," Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said in a statement.
"Sending an authoritative liaison (ambassador) will help, through contacts with the Egyptian authorities, reinforce judicial cooperation and as a consequence the search for the truth," Alfano said.
Regeni, who had been looking into Egypt's independent unions for his doctorate thesis at Cambridge, attracted the suspicion of the Cairo government before his disappearance, sources told Reuters last year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Security and intelligence sources told Reuters that Regeni had been arrested in Cairo on Jan. 25, 2016, and taken into custody. Egyptian officials have denied any involvement to Regeni's death.
Regeni's parents have strongly opposed Italy re-normalising relations, saying this would remove pressure on Egypt to hold someone accountable for the murder. After the announcement, Regeni's mother and father condemned the move.
"Only when we will have the truth about why and who killed Giulio, when we are given, alive, his torturers and all their accomplices, only then can the ambassador return to Cairo without trampling on our dignity," the family said in a statement, according to Ansa news agency.
Rome's chief prosecutor said he spoke to his Egyptian counterpart earlier on Monday and the two agreed to meet again later this year after they recovered closed-circuit TV footage from the metro station near where Regeni had lived.
"Both sides agreed that the investigative activity and collaboration will continue until the truth about all of the circumstances that led to the kidnapping and death of Giulio Regeni is discovered," Giuseppe Pignatone said in a statement.
The murder has strained ties between Italy and Egypt, traditional Mediterranean allies with strong economic ties.
Italians flock to Egypt's beaches and ancient monuments every year, and in 2015 Italy's state-owned oil giant Eni discovered the biggest natural gas field ever found off the Egyptian coast.
Alfano did not say exactly when Giampaolo Cantini, its new ambassador to Egypt, would return to Cairo.
(Reporting by Steve Scherer; editing by Mark Heinrich, Larry King)
As another wedding season comes to a close, maybe you noticed a trend among the ceremonies this year—a quiet, formalwear-fueled rebellion against antiquated gender norms taking place at weddings across the United States. Bridesmen, groomswomen, the best women, wedding squads, and bride tribes are replacing traditionally rigid, women-on-one-side, men-on-the-other wedding parties, with a range of special day attendants that break the binary.
Take the couple Molly Conway and her now-husband, Win Wallace, from Oakland, California. In order to incorporate their diverse group of friends into their ceremony, the couple knew they didn't want the women and men standing apart from one another. “We have so many mutual friends—a community that we've built together—that we didn't even want to approach the question of who belongs on which side,” says Conway. “It would have been a mess.” Instead, Conway's best friend, Mickey, was dubbed the Captain of the Guard, while Conway's sister-in-law was named Wallace's Man of Honor. The wedding party of fourteen people entered as a group—“Rather than doing the Noah's Ark, two-by-two dance,” she says—singing along to the Beatles' “Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da" and wearing whatever made them feel comfortable (though no pastels).
“It's becoming more of a norm to stray away from wedding traditions that don't quite live up to the modern age we are living in,” says Jen Glantz , author of Always a Bridesmaid for Hire . The professional bridesmaid, who attends at least twenty weddings a year, has yet to stand on a groom's side, though she has seen a “huge increase” in the past year of nongendered bride and groom attendants. “Instead of choosing people [for their wedding parties] based on gender, people are choosing people based on their relationships to them,” Glantz says. “The rule that men have to just be groomsmen and female friends have to just be bridesmaids has gone out the door.”
A "bridesmaid" wearing a pantsuit can be a powerful, visual challenge to what some see as an outdated tradition.
When husbands Marc and Matt Sherwin planned their wedding in Charleston, South Carolina, in 2014, the couple defaulted to a mixed-gender wedding party out of necessity, since there was no “bride's side” for the closest women in their lives to stand on. “We weren't trying to change up [tradition], but we had people in our lives—our closest friends and siblings—we wanted in our wedding party,” Marc said. Both men and women stood on the side of their respective friends, Marc's attendants wearing navy and Matt's in gray. Matt's sister, whom he called his Best Maid, was the only woman to wear a long gown.
Weddings are a symbol of love and family, and challenging traditions can further encourage conversations about family structure and gender roles. A "bridesmaid" wearing a pantsuit can be a powerful, visual challenge to what some see as an outdated tradition. Though it may not always feel like it, ideas about what marriages look like have changed, and more and more weddings are starting to reflect that progress.
Those outdated notions are further challenged by the legalization of gay marriage and the rise of LGBTQ visibility. “Queer relationships have been at the forefront of dismantling gender norms in terms of egalitarianism in relationships, our society, and what a wedding looks like,” says Anita Dolce Vita, founder of the queer style and empowerment website DapperQ , which covers everything from LGBT weddings to androgynous designers. Dolce Vita also adds that she thinks “eliminating oppressive and very limiting binary norms” can help bring more equality to other facets of life, such as the workplace.
While many couples, regardless of their identites or sexualities, do away with heteronormative traditions on their wedding days (a friend of mine recently wrote “The Patriarchy” on the glass she and her husband smashed under their wedding chuppah), the reality of having opposite-sex friends, or friends who don't fit within a gender binary, may further push couples to reconsider the roles their wedding attendants will play. Bridesmaids can wear suits, bridesmen can wear suits, groomswomen can wear suits—the look of bridal parties is transforming to include everyone.
"The rule that men have to be groomsmen and women have to be bridesmaids has gone out the door."
“There's a spectrum within gender—your masculine friend who is a woman doesn't want to be a maid,” said Kirsten Palladino, founder of EquallyWed.com , an LGBTQ+ wedding site. “I've seen an evolution in the last 10 years of couples letting attendants choose outfits that are most comfortable to them, letting attendants speak to their identity rather than forcing a masculine woman into a chiffon gown that doesn't fit with who she is in her everyday life.”
As wedding parties become more diversified, other gendered wedding traditions are also being redefined. Paladino says she sees couples decline to dance with an opposite-sex parent, have their adult friends take on the roles of the flower child or ring bearer, and host couple-centric wedding showers.
For Karly* of Joplin, Missouri, an invitation to stand on her male friend's side at his heterosexual wedding was a welcome change from bridal parties past. “When Tim* asked me to be his best man, I thought it was understood I would be on the groom's side,” she said. As a self-described “slacks and button-downs kind of lady” who doesn't typically wear dresses, Karly felt relieved to wear a tux with a boutonniere like the rest of the groomsmen. As Tim's best man, Karly also helped plan the bachelor party, spent the wedding day with the traditionally all-male groom's side of the party, and escorted a bridesmaid down the aisle. She's looking forward to wearing suspenders and a bow tie in another wedding she's been asked to stand in later this year.
Glantz believes that nontraditional wedding parties could soon totally replace the traditional setup. In a few years, she says, people “won't even question” mixing genders during the ceremony, “[it] will just be what we do.” And as restrictive traditions about gender norms become obsolete, the idea of sequestering loved ones by any metric will disappear, making each wedding even more personal, unique, and focused on the couple getting hitched. And isn't that the point anyway?
* Names have been changed where indicated.
More from Glamour:
— For Millennials, Eloping Is the New Lavish Wedding
— Wonder Woman Officiated a Gay Wedding, and the Internet Is Obsessed
— This Insanely Gorgeous South African Safari Wedding Will Make You Want to Elope
WORLD CUP 2018 WINNER ODDS: Who are the bookies' favourites ahead of the quarter-finals?
“Sweden's squad includes Sunderland flop Ola Toivonen and former Wigan player Andreas Granqvist as regular starters”
The World Cup is heading towards its conclusion and England are looking more likely than ever to claim their first trophy since 1966.
The Three Lions won their first ever penalty shootout on foreign soil last night to knock out Colombia and set up a winnable looking clash with Sweden.
The Swedes were unimpressive in their 1-0 victory over Switzerland, and their squad includes Sunderland flop Ola Toivonen and former Wigan player Andreas Granqvist as regular starters.
Without retired legend Zlatan Ibrahimovic, the Scandinavian side are not fancied to get much further, and bookies Ladbrokes rate them as the tournament outsiders at 22/1.
If England overcomes them, a date with Russia or Croatia awaits in the semi-finals.
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO SEE THE LATEST ODDS FROM LADBROKES.
PARIS: A French woman who travelled three times to Syria in support of her extremist son was given a 10-year jail sentence on Friday (Oct 6) after being convicted of being part of a terrorist conspiracy.
Christine Riviere, 51, was sentenced for her "unfailing commitment" to extremism and for helping a number of young women travel to Syria as part of attempts to find a bride for her son, Tyler Vilus.
It was the maximum sentence possible.
Vilus travelled to Syria to fight alongside the Islamic State group.
Riviere, who has been nicknamed "Mama Jihad" in the French press, visited him three times in 2013 and 2014.
She told the court she feared he would not return home.
Advertisement
Advertisement
She was arrested in July 2014 as she was preparing a fourth visit.
Vilus was arrested a year later in Turkey, from where he was extradited to France.
France coach Guy Noves effected eight changes on Thursday, naming a markedly strengthened squad for the second test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
DURBAN: France coach Guy Noves effected eight changes on Thursday, naming a markedly strengthened squad for the second test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
Captain Guilhem Guirado returned along with fellow front-rower Rabah Slimani after missing Saturday's defeat in Pretoria.
Romain Taofifenua took lock Julien Le Devedec's place while Kevin Gourdon was in for flanker Loann Goujon.
In the back row, Francois Trinh Duc partners Baptiste Serin, who came on as a substitute and scored a try at Loftus Versfeld last week, in a new halfback pairing.
The 20-year-old Damian Penaud, who won the French title earlier this month with Clermont Auvergne, is the only new cap replacing Henry Chavancy at centre.
Advertisement
Advertisement
South African-born Scott Spedding is the fullback for the match at King's Park Rugby Stadium, where he played Super Rugby for the Sharks before moving to France in 2008.
Noves did not pick any of the seven players from Top 14 finalists Clermont Auvergne and Toulon for the first test after they arrived late on tour.
South Africa won 37-14 in last Saturday's opening encounter. The third and final test is at Ellis Park in Johannesburg on June 24.
Team: 15-Scott Spedding, 14-Yoann Huget, 13-Damian Penaud, 12-Gael Fickou, 11-Virimi Vakatawa, 10-Francois Trinh Duc, 9-Baptiste Serin, 8-Louis Picamoles, 7-Kevin Gourdon, 6-Yacouba Camara, 5- Romain Taofifenua, 4- Yoann Maestri, 3-Rabah Slimani, 2-Guilhem Guirado (captain), 1-Jefferson Poirot.
Replacements: 16-Clement Maynadier, 17-Eddy Ben Arous, 18-Uini Atonio, 19-Julien le Devedec, 20-Bernard le Roux, 21-Antoine Dupont, 22-Jean-Marc Doussain, 23-Nans Ducuing.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
The Inspector-General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, has disclosed that President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered him to redouble efforts to tackle the killings across the country.
Idris disclosed this yesterday at the official handover of 150 operational vehicles to the police by Dangote Foundation.
He promised that herders/farmers clashes and other security challenges in the country would soon be a thing of the past.
He said: “The President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has mandated me to redouble the police crime prevention and detection strategies, to ensure that the situation is brought under control.”
The IGP explained that efforts of the police in crime prevention are already yielding the desired results.
“In that regard and in compliance with the directive of Mr. President, the commissioners of police of the states and their supervisory Assistant Inspector-Generals of Police have been directed to ensure an immediate end to the challenges. This is by deployment full police crime fighting arsenal at their disposal.”
He also warned politicians against the use of firearms and arming of political thugs in the build up to the 2019 general elections.
He warned that anybody, no matter how highly placed, found to be involved in any of the illegal activities would be arrested and prosecuted, in accordance with laws of the land.
Meanwhile, Governor Kashim Shettima of Borno State has disclosed that ‘no part of the state is under ‘Boko Haram occupation.'
He made the clarification yesterday when the new General Officer Commanding (GOC), 7 Division of the Nigerian Army, Maj-Gen. Abdulmalik Biu, visited him at the Government House.
He said the clarification became necessary to correct the insinuation by some enemies of
progress and development.
He said although there were pockets of attacks by insurgents on some soft targets, the military and other security agencies deserve commendations in restoring law and order in the state and the northeast.
ADVERTISEMENT
As the late, great man often said himself, Muhammad Ali was the finest boxer of his generation. And his sporting legacy is now living on through his grandson. However, you're more likely to find Biaggio Ali Walsh on the field than in the ring. Here's a look at how the teen is becoming a champion in his own right.
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, in 1942 Muhammad Ali first entered the ring at the age of just 12. Six years later he picked up Olympic gold at the Rome Games before turning pro. And by 1964 he'd already been crowned heavyweight champion by the WBC and WBC organizations.
ADVERTISEMENT
Ali went on to break numerous records during his career. He's still the only man to have lifted the lineal heavyweight title three times. Like fellow record holder Joe Louis, he defeated 21 opponents while competing for the title of world heavyweight champion. And he's the only boxer to be hailed Fighter of the Year by The Ring magazine on six separate occasions.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Three-time champions Brazil and European powerhouse Spain will take on each other in a highly-anticipated marquee clash between title contenders of the FIFA Under-17 World Cup here on Saturday. The football-mad Kochi could not have asked for anything better than this showdown between the South American champions Brazil and European qualifying tournament winners Spain at theJawaharlal Nehru International Stadium.Brazil is the overwhelming favourites of the fans here and Spain will virtually feel like playing in Rio de Janiero or São Paulo, but to their good fortune the crowd may not be as loud as usual because FIFA has forced the local organisers to reduce the capacity of the stadium to just 29,200 to comply with the world body's strict evacuation related rules. But the lucky ones who will be at the stadium are sure to witness a fascinating contest between Brazilian attacking flare and Spanish 'tiki-taka' possession football in what could be a final before a final of this tournament.Both Brazil and Spain are expected to finish as top two teams in Group D, which also has North Korea and Niger. But whoever wins on Saturday will have the advantage and will have one foot at the knock-out stage. Brazil is a formidable force even in the age group, having appeared 15 times in 16 editions before India and winning the U-17 World Cup trophy thrice (1997, 1999 & 2003).They finished runners-up in 1995 and 2005, third in 1985 and fourth in 2011. Their solitary absence came at Japan 1993. In the last edition in 2015 in Chile, they were knocked out by eventual champions Nigeria in the quarterfinals.The Brazilians clinched the continental title with a 5-0 defeat of hosts Chile. The squad in India is practically unchanged from the one which won the South American qualifying tournament except the absence of Vinicius Junior. The top scorer and player of the tournament at the South American U-17 Championship has not been released for the World Cup by his club side Flamengo.The core of this team has played five tournaments recently and the level of understanding among players is high. d position.Spain, on the other hand, are seeking their maiden FIFA U-17 World Cup title in their ninth appearance. A line of illustrious players of the calibre of Xavi Hernandez, Andreas Iniesta or Iker Casillas have not been able to lift the trophy at different editions. Despite their record haul of three UEFA European U-17 Championships, Spain have never managed to win the FIFA U-17 World Cup. Runners-up in 1991, 2003 and 2007, La Rojita have curiously failed to qualify since finishing third in 2009.Spain qualified for U-17 by claiming another European U- 17 crown in Croatia in May. It was touch and go on in that gane with Nacho Diaz equalising in injury time in the final to deny England, who had led since the 58th minute. Spain then emerged victorious from the ensuing penalty shoot-out (4-1).With six players from FC Barcelona's famous academy La Masia and five from Real's academy, the team is brimming with players who have the potential to be future stars. They have wonderkids like Barcelona's youth team player and captain Abel Ruiz and Valencia starlet Ferran Torres.Squads:Brazil: Gabriel Brazao, Wesley, Vitao. Lucas Halter, Victor Bobsin, Weverson, Paulinho, Marcos Antonio, Lincoln, Alan, Lucao, Matheus Stockl, Rodrigo Guth, Luan Candido, Victor Yan, Rodrigo Nestor, Vitinho, Yuri Alberto, Brenner, Yuri Sena.Spain: Alvaro Fernandez, Mateu Jaume, Juan Miranda, Hugo Guillamon, Victor Chust, Antonio Blanco, Ferran Torres, Mohamed Moukhliss, Abel Ruiz, Sergio Gomez, Nacho Diaz, Pedro Rui, Marc Vidal, Alvaro Garcia, Eric Garcia, Diego Pampin, Jose Lara, Cesar Gelabert, Carlos Beitia, Victor Perea, Alfonso Pastor.
The six-member Twin Cities hip-hop/R&B collective, winner of City Pages' 2016 Picked to Click poll, announced this morning that it has decided to change its name.
"The main reason for the name change was a matter of authenticity and accountability,” the group said in a statement. “Being that none of us is directly related to the actual Zulu tribe of South Africa, we collectively decided that changing the name would be the most respectful course of action. Astralblak is universal as in connecting with the universe, it is all encompassing in its narrative of blackness and highlights the diversity in all of our individual experiences as artists and members of the unified diaspora.”
You can catch the group's very last show as ZuluZuluu at Super Bowl Live on Nicollet Mall this afternoon at 4:00.
And just when I was finally starting to remember how many “u”s to spell ZuluZuluu with.
Here's the first track from the newly rechristened Astralblak.
Getty Images
Colts cornerback Pierre Desir underwent surgery Monday to repair his torn pectoral muscle, according to Stephen Holder of the Indianapolis Star. Desir should return in time for organized team activities, though the question is for whom?
Desir becomes a free agent in the offseason.
The Colts placed him on injured reserve Dec. 4 after his injury against the Jaguars.
Desir played in nine games this season, making 32 tackles, seven pass breakups and an interception.
We've put together some ideas for events and fireworks displays you could attend on July 4.
STERLING, Va./ WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. Va. (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress made no notable progress this week toward a deal on the status of 700,000 “Dreamer” immigrants, with President Donald Trump saying on Friday that one “could very well not happen” by a deadline next month.
Whether the lack of progress signalled the possibility of another federal government shutdown next week was unclear, but it worried the Dreamers, young people who were brought illegally into the United States as children.
Trump said last year that he would end by March 5 a program that was set up by former President Barack Obama to protect the Dreamers from deportation, and he urged Congress to act before that date. No action has resulted.
“We want to make a deal,” Trump said at an event in Virginia with U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials. And he blamed Democratic lawmakers for the impasse.
“I think they want to use it for political purposes for elections. I really am not happy with the way it's going from the standpoint of the Democrats,” he said.
Democrats have said repeatedly that they want protections written into law for the Dreamers, who were given temporary legal status by Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which lets them study and work in the United States without fear of deportation.
Republicans, who control Congress, are undecided on what to do about DACA and the Dreamers. They ended a three-day retreat at a mountain resort in West Virginia on Friday not much nearer to consensus than they were a week ago.
The partisan standoff caused a partial shutdown of the federal government for three days last month after Congress failed to pass a stopgap spending measure needed to keep the lights on at federal facilities across the country.
The House of Representatives plans to vote on Tuesday on legislation to keep federal agencies operating beyond Feb. 8, when existing funds expire, a senior House Republican aide said.
The aide did not provide details, however, on the duration of this latest-in-a-series of temporary funding measures.
Democrats have leverage on the immigration issue because their votes are needed to pass spending measures in the Senate.
U.S. President Donald Trump in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
The next spending deadline looms on Thursday, with Democrats defiant in their demands and Republicans remaining divided.
FOUR-PART OFFER
Trump has offered the Dreamers a path to citizenship, but only on the condition he also gets funding for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, as well as other immigration-related measures that Democrats oppose.
Last month, he proposed letting 1.8 million Dreamers stay in the country and become citizens in exchange for $25 billion for the wall, curbs on family-sponsored immigration, and an end to a visa lottery program.
Some lawmakers want Trump's four-part immigration framework pared back, while others want it approved or made even more strict on future immigration.
“If we can solve DACA and border security that may be the best I can hope for,” Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership, told reporters at the retreat.
Senator James Lankford was among Republicans who said this week that Trump could give Congress more time to reach a deal by extending the Dreamers' deadline beyond March 5.
Trump reiterated on Thursday at the retreat that all four components of his framework must be included in a deal, a stance viewed as unworkable by many lawmakers in both parties.
Some Republicans say the March 5 deadline lost its power last month when a federal court blocked the rescinding of DACA. That meant the law would remain in effect until the Supreme Court resolves the case, which is unlikely by March 5.
In a research note, financial firm Height Analytics set the odds of another shutdown next week at 65 percent.
Republicans are trying to call Democrats' bluff on DACA, but the Democrats look even more willing to allow a shutdown than they were last month, the analysts said. “What this has become is a very absurd game of chicken,” they said in the note.
Midland baseball routs Pinny
Midland High's baseball team looked sharp in its final tune-up on Wednesday before the postseason.
The Chemics had three pitchers combine on a shutout in an 11-0 five-inning mercy victory over visiting Pinconning. Liam Grady, Jeff Landis and Alex Money combined on the one-hitter.
Offensively, Landis and Jerry Bringard had multiple hits in the win, while James Harris connected for a home run.
The Chemics (24-11) open play in a Division 1 district at Mount Pleasant at 10 a.m. against the host.
The Federal Government on Wednesday reacted to a Federal High Court, ruling which sat in Osogbo, the Osun State capital, ordering the National Assembly to begin impeachment process against President Muhammadu Buhari.
Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, who reacted to the development, initially feigned ignorance about the ruling, but said the presidency was yet to officially get the ruling compelling the National Assembly to proceed with the impeachment process.
Mohammed, while fielding questions from State House reporters on the sidelines of the Federal Executive Council meeting chaired by President Buhari, said, “I am just hearing it for the first time, until the court formally inform us before we can react to it.”
By legal procedure, the ruling from the court is supposed to be served to the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, who will in turn brief the presidency of the development.
Recall that Justice Maurine Onyetenu gave the order on Wednesday, following a suit filed by two individuals, Kanmi Ajibola, a lawyer and Sulaiman Adeniyi, a rights activist.
The duo had written to both the lower and the upper chambers of the National Assembly on the need to impeach President Buhari, citing alleged constitutional breaches by the President and threatened that they (Ajibola and Adeniyi) would approach the court if they (National Assembly) failed to act accordingly.
But when the lawmakers failed to comply, the duo headed for court and filed a suit at the Federal High Court, Osogbo, asking for an Order of Mandamus to compel both the Senate and the House of Representatives to start impeachment proceedings against the President.
In the suit filed, on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, the Adeniyi and Ajibola hinged their arguments on four grounds as to why the National Assembly should impeach the President.
In the Motion Ex-parte, the duo claimed that in flagrant violation of the 1999 Constitution, President Buhari contested election, won and was sworn in as the President on May 29, 2015, without possessing the basic constitutional requirements, which would have qualified him to contest for the election.
They further alleged that the 4th Respondent, which is President Buhari, in flagrant violation of section 137 (1) (j) of the 1999 Constitution presented a forged certificate to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for the purpose of the 2015 presidential election that brought him to the office of the President.
“In the light of the 4th Respondent's placement to continue in the office as the president, he has no certificate and basic requirements upon which this placement to continue in the office can be placed,” they had claimed.
Los Angeles police say officers have shot and killed a man described as mentally ill who was armed with a sharp weapon.
Officer Drake Madison says the man, believed to be in his 20s, died at the scene in Panorama City Monday morning.
Madison says police initially responded to a report of a man with a mental illness wielding a 16-inch edged weapon.
Madison says officers opened fire after unsuccessfully trying to take the man into custody with a stun gun and a beanbag weapon.
No officers were injured.
The shooting is under investigation.
A California state senator has resigned over sexual misconduct allegations just ahead of a possible vote by his colleagues to expel him.
Spokesman Robert Alaniz says Democratic Sen. Tony Mendoza stepped down Thursday. He's the third California lawmaker to resign over sexual misconduct claims in recent months.
In his resignation letter, Mendoza called the Senate's process "farcical" and unfair and is still considering running for re-election in the fall.
Tweet
The highly unusual session was scheduled to come a day after Republicans and Democrats met separately in secret caucus meetings to decide the appropriate discipline for Mendoza, who had initially planned to defend himself on the Senate floor.
De Leon's resolution would have imposed the most serious punishment in the Senate's arsenal.
De Leon and Mendoza are both Democrats from Los Angeles County who shared a home in Sacramento until last fall, when De Leon moved out when allegations against Mendoza became public. De Leon, who is challenging U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, will give up his leadership post next month.
Lawyers investigating complaints against Mendoza, who is 46 and married, found that he likely engaged in unwanted "flirtatious or sexually suggestive" behavior with six women, including four subordinates, a lobbyist and a young woman in a fellowship with another lawmaker.
Several accusations against Mendoza first became public last fall in a report by the Sacramento Bee. Under pressure from other lawmakers, Mendoza took a leave of absence. The Senate Rules Committee suspended him in late January — days before he was set to return from leave — because the independent investigation had not yet concluded.
Mendoza sued for reinstatement last week alleging, among other arguments, that the suspension was unconstitutional.
The California Constitution requires a two-thirds vote to suspend a member, but the chamber voted last month to give the five-member Rules Committee the power to extend Mendoza's leave of absence.
In a letter pleading his case to colleagues Wednesday, the Los Angeles-area Democrat said he was sorry if anyone was offended by his behavior but continued to deny wrongdoing.
The investigation, which was released Tuesday, found Mendoza "more likely than not" engaged in behavior such as offering a 19-year-old intern alcohol in a hotel suite at a Democratic Party event, suggesting a young woman in a Senate fellowship take a vacation with him and rent a room in his house, and asked several of the women about their dating lives.
Expelling or suspending Mendoza would require a two-thirds vote — 27 of the 40 senators. He can be censured with 21 votes.
No senator has been expelled since 1905, and the Senate has suspended just three members — Leland Yee, Ron Calderon and Roderick Wright — all of them in 2014 when they faced criminal charges.
"You always go back to the most important point: You have to be fair but you have to put the institution first. That is always the touchstone," said Darrell Steinberg, who was the Senate's leader when the chamber dealt with the charges against Yee, Calderon and Wright. He is now Sacramento's mayor.
The California Constitution at the time said lawmakers could lose their pay only if they were expelled or resigned, though an amendment later approved by voters allowed suspension without pay.
Mendoza warned that it would set a dangerous precedent to expel him — a punishment he said has been previously meted out only for lawmakers who have committed a crime.
"It is important to note that the voters in my district have information, now that the investigation results are public, that they can use to make a decision whether they should re-elect me this year, as early as June 2018," Mendoza wrote to lawmakers.
He repeated his complaint that the Senate has not followed its own process for disciplining lawmakers and that he hasn't been allowed to read the full investigative report, including the evidence against him.
The summarized findings released late Tuesday "do not comport with my recollection or perception of the events described," Mendoza wrote, but added: "I am immensely sorry if my words or actions ever made anyone feel uncomfortable."
Mendoza's letter specifically denied giving alcohol to an underage intern or inviting a young aide, who worked in his office through a California State University fellowship, to his house under the guise of reviewing resumes.
He did not directly address the investigation's other findings.
He also pointed out that the investigators found no instances of Mendoza being physically aggressive or sexually crude, and that in some of the incidents he reformed his behavior after he was told his advances were unwanted.
The California Legislature is one of many statehouses nationwide grappling with a tidal wave of sexual misconduct allegations following the #MeToo movement in which millions of women shared their experiences with sexual harassment or assault on social media.
Mendoza, who was chairman of the Insurance, Banking and Financial Institutions Committee until the allegations came to light last year, is the first member of the Senate to face punishment since the sexual misconduct scandal emerged last fall. Assemblywoman Cristina Garcia, who represents a portion of the district Mendoza was elected to serve, took a voluntary leave after she was accused of groping. Two other Los Angeles-area Assembly Democrats — Raul Bocanegra and Matt Dababneh — resigned their seats.
This story has been updated.
As the Criminal Law (Amendment) Ordinance, 2018 for death sentence to child rapists' attempts to allay an atmosphere of fear after Unnao and Kathua rape horrors, the Jammu & Kashmir State Human Rights Commission's Chairman told News18 that “he was not sure how the ordinance would help” and that “there should have been more thought put behind the ordinance”.Justice Bilal Nazki, chairman of the J&K Human Rights Commission, said that his “experience as a judge showed more stringent the punishment is, stricter is the degree of proof.”“I am not sure if this ordinance is going to help. My experience as a judge is the more stringent punishment is, the higher the degree of proof becomes. If the judge thinks that he has to order someone's execution, there cannot be an iota of doubt. Whenever you enhance the punishment, the conviction rate goes down,” said Justice Nazki.According to the ordinance, minimum punishment in case of rape of women has been increased from rigorous imprisonment of 7 years to 10 years, extendable to life imprisonment; in case of rape of a girl under 16 years, minimum punishment has been increased from 10 years to 20 years, extendable to imprisonment till the end of convict's natural life.Death penalty is also prescribed for persons involved in gang rape of a girl less than 12 years of age.Justice Nazki has also questioned the distinction made between the ages of girls for the purposes of punishment.“How can you differentiate between a female on the basis of age when the crime is same? If the victim is 12 years, you go to the gallows and if she's 13, you do not go to gallows. They are women after all, it should be the same for everyone, from 12 to 80 years,” said the former Chief Justice of Orissa High Court.Justice Nazki, who was also the Chairman of the Bihar Human Rights Commission, told News18 that the ordinance was “more reactionary” in measure and that it did not have a proper committee of experts looking into it.“Obviously it was a reactionary measure. Last time we had Nirbhaya, then too the government attempted this but constituted a committee under Justice Verma. Even then, they were hurried for a report within a month. Now, this measure has been without consultation. Judges go by fact and law,” he said.Justice Nazki, who has also served as the Judge in the High Courts of Jammu & Kashmir, Andhra Pradesh and Bombay, told News18 that an absence of sentencing policy in the country was also a problem that must be looked into.“We don't have a sentencing policy in the country. Like what should be a quantum of sentence in a particular offence and why it should be so? There is world over trend against capital punishment and I don't believe in it. Then why are these rapes taking place? I don't find any study on the root causes,” said Justice Nazki.According to the ordinance, for speedy investigation and trial, the government has suggested a time limit for investigation of all cases of rape — which has to be mandatorily completed within two months. Time limit for completion of trial has also been prescribed, with cases having to necessarily be completed in two months and disposal of appeals in rape cases being set at six months.Even restrictions on bail have been imposed. The ordinance has been prescribed that there will be no provision of anticipatory bail for a person accused of rape or gang rape of a girl under 16 years. It has also been provided that court has to give notice of 15 days to Public Prosecutor and the representative of the victim before deciding bail applications in case of rape of a girl under 16 years of age.However, former Delhi High Court judge, Justice AP Shah too was strongly critical of the new ordinance and stated that “death penalty will divert the attention from other areas that need more focus and reform like crime investigation and prevention of crime”.“According to the NCRB data of 2016, 94% of the time perpetrators of child sexual abuse are known to the victim and this causes the child to be pressurized into turning hostile. This pressure is likely to be increased in case of death penalty as punishment,” said Justice Shah.Vrinda Grover, Women and Child rights lawyer, also questioned how the ordinance made a distinction between a girl and a boy child. “While POCSO Act deals with all children, the new ordinance has enhanced penalty for perpetrators only in cases where victims are girl children. Why is this distinction being made? Are we saying that as a society we are more aggrieved when the victim is a girl child and not so aggrieved for a boy child?" said Grover.
South Korea's Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn on Monday warned that North Korea would face a "corresponding consequence" should it stage yet another provocation.
His remarks came amid growing concerns that the communist regime may engage in provocative acts such as a nuclear test or an intercontinental ballistic missile test in time for the 85th anniversary of the foundation of its Korean People's Army next Tuesday.
Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn (left) presides over a Cabinet meeting at the government complex in Seoul on April 18, 2017. (Yonhap)
"Our government and the international community will not condone North Korea's reckless provocations, and would have it face a corresponding consequence (in case of its provocation)," Hwang said during a Cabinet meeting.The acting president noted that Seoul has decided to strengthen the combined defense posture of South Korean and US forces here and seek closer cooperation with China to carry out "strong punitive measures" in the event of North Korean provocations.In an apparent reference to his meeting with US Vice President Mike Pence on Monday, Hwang said that the allies shared the "gravity and urgency" of the North's nuclear and missile problems, and that they would work together to further strengthen pressure on Pyongyang through a thorough enforcement of international sanctions against the North.On Tuesday, Pence ended his three-day visit to Seoul during which he warned Pyongyang against testing Washington's "resolve" and stressed its capability to counter any military attack with an "overwhelming and effective" response.Hwang, in addition, stressed the need to bring the public up to speed on the current security situation to alleviate their security concerns. (Yonhap)
MOSCOW: Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a visit to Pyongyang on Thursday, Russian news agencies reported citing a delegation source.
Lavrov travelled to North Korea on Thursday and was due to hold talks with counterpart Ri Yong Ho about the situation on the Korean peninsula.
Advertisement
Lavrov's trip is taking place ahead of a possible summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and the North Korean leader next month.
(Reporting by Polina Ivanova; Writing by Tom Balmforth; Editing by Toby Chopra)
The UP Board Class 10th Compartmental Exam Results 2017 have been announced by the Board of High School and Intermediate Education, Uttar Pradesh also known as Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad (UPMSP) on its official website - upmsp.edu.in. Candidates who had appeared for the improvement examination can check their results on the official website by following the instructions given below:: Visit the official website of UP Board - upmsp.edu.in: Click on the link “U.P. Board High School (Class X) Compartment / Improvement Results 2017”: Enter your 7-digit Roll Number and Security Code: Download the Result and take a Print Out for future referenceApproximately 34000 students had appeared in the UP Board Class 10th main exams conducted in March this year. The main examination results were published on 9th of June 2017. The overall pass percentage for the examination was 81.8%. The compartment and improvement examination were conducted from 19th June 2017 to 10th July 2017 at various centers across the state of Uttar Pradesh. The practical tests were held from 10th July 2017 to 20th July 2017.The UP Board will issue mark sheets with updated results to the students who have successfully passed the UP Board Class 10th Compartment Results 2017.The Board of High School and Intermediate Education Uttar Pradesh was established in 1921 at Allahabad, UP. It is a state government administered autonomous examining authority for the Standard X (or secondary school level examination) and Standard XII (or inter college level examination) of Uttar Pradesh. The examination for the 10th and 12th standard is called the High school examination and Intermediate examination respectively. The High school and Intermediate examinations are conducted annually all over the state of Uttar Pradesh.
Tributes have poured in for the star
Fans have rushed to Twitter to share their condolences after TV presenter Keith Chegwin died on Monday aged just 60.
After battling a ‘long-term battle with a progressive lung condition', the telly legend died in a hospice at around midnight surrounded by his wife and two children.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
In a statement, the CBB star's family said: ‘We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
‘Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. His wife Maria, his daughter Rose and his son Ted were by his side.
MORE: The heartbreaking truth about Celebrity Big Brother's Keith Chegwin and his battle with alcohol
‘We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.'
Before adding: ‘Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn his passing in private.'
How sad is that? And fans on Twitter have rushed to share their best memories of the star, as one said: ‘So sad – he was my youth – may he be playing pop in the heavens'.
Another wrote: ‘So sad. 60 is no age . RIP Keith. Sincere condolences to family and friends'.
‘For real @keithchegwin has died? Another one of my childhood heroes gone right there', said a third.
And they weren't the only ones…
Sending our condolences to Keith's friends and family.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Latest on Dakota Access oil pipeline protesters who unfurled a banner inside U.S. Bank Stadium during a Minnesota Vikings game (all times local):
10:30 a.m.
Police say a woman arrested following the hanging a Dakota Access pipeline protest banner from the roof of U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during a Minnesota Vikings' game is suspected of burglary.
Police spokesman Officer Corey Schmidt said Monday that the 27-year-old woman is also accused of obstructing legal process.
Police haven't released details of her role in the incident Sunday afternoon during the Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof of the stadium and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass and burglary. Formal charges against the three are expected Tuesday.
The pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
___
7:30 a.m.
Police have arrested a third suspect after opponents to the Dakota Access pipeline hung a banner from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The 27-year-old woman is accused of obstructing legal process. Police haven't released details of her role in the incident Sunday afternoon.
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass. Formal charges are pending.
The game wasn't interrupted, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution.
The Dakota Access pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
Militant groups renewed their cry for justice for the death of Karapatan leader Elisa Babayos, victims of extrajudicial killings and illegal arrests.
Jaime Paglinawan Sr., Bayan-Central Visayas chairman, said they would still fight for the human rights of laborers, drivers, and former overseas workers
Paglinawan and around 50 members of Bayan, Piston, Anak Pawis and Gabriela made their call for justice during a rally in Cebu City as a way to mark the 69th anniversary of Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
When mothers had a greater number of abortions, their daughters' likelihood of having one or more went up as well. (Ng Han Guan/Associated Press)
A daughter is about twice as likely to have an abortion if her mother had one, according to a large study in Canada.
Teen abortion can reflect unmet reproductive needs of young women, such as access to contraception and sexual education, as well as knowledge and skills to actualize the right of consensual sex, said lead author Ning Liu of the University of Toronto.
“The choices a young woman makes are also partly influenced by her mother and her peers,” Liu said by email. “Previous studies suggest intergenerational tendencies … such as when they give birth to a child for the first time and the total number of children they have.”
In Canada, the teen pregnancy rate is about 28 per 1,000, with more than half of these pregnancies ending in abortion, the study team writes in the Canadian Medical Association Journal. Abortion is legal up to 24 weeks of pregnancy for most women over age 16, they add, as well as for girls under 16 with some conditions.
To see if the mother's experience influences a daughter's likelihood of having an abortion, Liu and colleagues analyzed Ontario databases and medical records for 431,623 young women and their mothers.
Starting with the daughter's date of birth, the study team examined whether a mother had any abortions from four years prior to 12 years after her daughter's birth, as well as whether the daughter had any abortions between the ages of 12 and 20.
‘Keep in mind that the overwhelming majority of daughters — with or without mothers who have abortions — do not have abortions themselves.' – Rachel Jones
The mothers of more than 73,500 daughters had at least one abortion during the relevant time period, and so did 4,880 of these daughters. That translates to a rate of 10.1 abortions per 1,000 daughters per year in this group.
In comparison, among 358,105 daughters whose mothers did not have an abortion, 10,108 did themselves have an abortion, for a rate of 4.2 per 1,000 per year.
When mothers had a greater number of abortions, their daughters' likelihood of having one or more went up as well.
Future studies will investigate the reason why this intergenerational pattern may occur, the study team writes. Since 95 per cent of the abortions in this study occurred within the first 15 weeks of pregnancy, the cause is unlikely to be genetic or a birth defect, they note, and more likely to be related to social factors.
Consider family context
“The next steps in the intergenerational study of reproductive behaviour are to address some of the mechanisms by which family contexts shape the choices and constraints that individuals face,” said social anthropologist Julia Jennings of the State University of New York at Albany, who was not involved in the study.
These contexts include neighborhood characteristics, socioeconomic factors and social networks with shared beliefs about fertility, contraception and childbearing, she said.
“Family matters for so many aspects of our lives,” Jennings told Reuters Health by email. “A person's family of origin influences their own reproductive choices.”
To understand these factors, researchers must also look at policy, access to healthcare and overall social trends, said Rachel Jones of the Guttmacher Institute in New York City, who also wasn't involved in the study.
“If a mother talks about abortion and removes the stigma, it may make the daughter more open to the idea,” she told Reuters Health by phone. “In this case, it wouldn't be regarded as a negative and we shouldn't study it as if it has an embedded negative stigma.”
Guttmacher researchers are currently doing a study of women who had abortions, which will include their data on their other pregnancies, and their thoughts about birth, adoption and abortion.
“We want to give a more complete and holistic picture of pregnancy and abortion,” she said. “Keep in mind that the overwhelming majority of daughters — with or without mothers who have abortions — do not have abortions themselves.”
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Health News
Womenswear retailer Quiz has announced its intention to list on the London Stock Exchange in a £200 million initial public offering.
The Glasgow-based business will use proceeds from the AIM listing to accelerate growth and it will allow the company's founders, including chief executive Tarak Ramzan, to cash out part of their holdings.
Quiz, which has 73 standalone stores and 167 concessions in the UK and Ireland, raked in revenues of £89.8 million last year on operating profit of £10.3 million.
The group is also present in 19 countries through 70 international franchise stores and concessions.
Mr Ramzan said: "Quiz is a strong and distinctive omni-channel fashion brand with a clear customer and product focus.
"Fast fashion is in Quiz's DNA and our 'just in time' model ensures that we are always responding in real time to new trends as they emerge.
"I am very confident that we have a well-invested infrastructure, a fantastic team and a clear strategy to accelerate further the growth of the Quiz brand across all channels and markets."
Quiz specialises in occasion wear, evening wear and casual wear for what it calls "fashion forward women" in the 16-35 age range.
The retailer has also proposed the appointment of JD Sports chief executive Peter Cowgill as non-executive chairman.
Online and international are the group's fastest growing segments, with 42% and 64.2% growth per year between 2015 and 2017 respectively.
The group was founded in Glasgow in 1993 and employs approximately 1,350 people in the UK.
BANGKOK: Thailand's prime minister and junta chief Prayuth Chan-ocha will visit the White House in October, Thailand's foreign minister said on Tuesday (Aug 15), adding trade and security would be on the agenda, the latest sign of warming ties between Bangkok and Washington.
Last week U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson paid a visit to Thailand - the highest level visit by a U.S. official since the military took power in a 2014 coup.
Tillerson's trip and Prayuth's invitation from U.S. President Donald Trump to visit the White House are the latest sign that Bangkok and Washington are re-establishing normal diplomatic relations following the coup.
"There will be discussions with President Trump about trade, investment, military security and the regional situation which is a big issue," Thai foreign minister Don Pramudwinai told reporters.
The Thai government had previously said the visit would take place in July.
A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said he had no new information on Prayuth's visit to the White House, which follows an invitation extended by Trump to Prayuth during an April telephone call between the two.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We look forward to the Prime Minister's visit to Washington, DC. We continue to seek a mutually agreeable day for the prime minister's visit to the White House," spokesman Steve Castonguay told Reuters.
Tillerson's priority has been urging Southeast Asian countries to do more to cut funding streams for North Korea as tensions mount between the United States and North Korea.
The United States has said it believes North Korean front companies are active in Thailand and is trying to encourage the Thais to shut them down.
Tillerson, however, made no public comment on North Korean firms during his 5-hour stay in Bangkok where he met with Prayuth.
Don said the issue was not specifically raised during Tillerson's visit.
"The United States has not pressured Thailand to shut North Korea business," Don said.
"The secretary's visit discussed broad issues."
SYDNEY: French property giant Unibail-Rodamco is to buy Australia's Westfield shopping mall operator in a deal to create "a global property leader", the two groups said in a statement on Tuesday (Dec 12).
The deal, which values Westfield at US$24.7 billion, would "create the world's premier developer and operator of flagship shopping destinations", they said.
Tuesday's announcement comes as mall operators embark on a consolidation drive as they face increasingly tough competition from online shopping sites such as Amazon, which this month launched in Australia.
Westfield's share price is down about 10 per cent in 2018.
"The acquisition of Westfield is a natural extension of Unibail-Rodamco's strategy of concentration, differentiation and innovation," Christophe Cuvillier, chief executive officer of Unibail-Rodamco, said.
"It adds a number of new attractive retail markets in London and the wealthiest catchment areas in the United States.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We believe that this transaction represents a compelling opportunity for both companies to realise benefits not available to each company on a standalone basis, and creates a strong and attractive platform for future growth."
The statement said the proposal had been "unanimously recommended by Westfield?s board of directors and Unibail-Rodamco's supervisory board".
Unibail-Rodamco is Europe's largest commercial landlord and the purchase comes as it offloads smaller assets in Europe to focus on bigger shopping centres, which are likely to be better suited to fending off the march of e-commerce giants.
Mexico's foreign relations secretary says it might come as a surprise, but the country's relationship with the United States today is "more fluid, it's closer than it was with previous administrations."
Luis Videgaray said: "It might be surprising to some people, but that's a fact of life."
The comments were made at a joint news conference in Mexico on Friday with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland.
Mexico has had well-known disagreements with the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump during the past year over trade, immigration and payment for a proposed border wall.
Tillerson's stop in the country kicked off a six-day Latin America trip that will also take him to Panama, Argentina, Peru, Colombia and Jamaica.
The Cebu City Police Office (CCPO) continues to conduct a manhunt operation to arrest the church scholar who burglarized a church in Mabolo Cebu City.
Senior Supt. Joel Doria, CCPO director, gave directives to the Theft and Robbery Section (TRS) to conduct a joint operation and investigation with Mabolo Police Station against the church scholar, Alexander Lumapac, who is still at large.
Lumapac took at least P400,000 in cash donations from the St. Joseph the Patriarch Parish in Mabolo last Sunday.
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Graphic: Jillian Lucas
Need a new pair of shoes? Nordstrom Rack is marking down three pages worth of Sam Edelman boots, heels, sneakers, and sandals to much easier-to-swallow prices. Basically, if you're looking to put something nice on your feet, they have something for you
A Tulsa woman is in jail after police say she left her two young children alone at an apartment overnight.
Tulsa police arrested 26-year-old Whitney Anderson after learning that she left her 2-year-old and 8-year-old boys alone for several hours Tuesday night.
Police became involved when a witness told them a 2-year-old boy was seen standing in the middle of E. 31st Street by himself with no shirt or shoes on around 11:30 p.m.
After searching the area for a parent for over 30 minutes, police made contact with the child's neighbor and learned that he lived in an apartment near 31st and Mingo, reports say.
Police got to the apartment to find the door open and the 8-year-old asleep on the couch. After entering and waking him up, the boy told police that his mother had left the two kids alone and told them she wasn't coming back until the next day.
The apartment complex security officer told police that Anderson was their mother and that she had left around 8:30 that evening.
Anderson got back to the apartment around 3 a.m. and was arrested on complaints of child endangerment.
U.S. president, Donald Trump, has ordered American flags to be flown at half-staff in honour of the five people gunned down on June 29 inside Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland.
White House press secretary, Sarah Sanders, said the decision was reached Monday night “as soon as the president heard about the request from the mayor”.
Ms Sanders said: “Last night, as soon as the president heard about the request from the mayor, he ordered the flags to be lowered.
“I spoke with the mayor last night and again this morning to let him know the president's decision.”
The White House also released an official proclamation signed by Mr Trump on Tuesday, which ordered American flags to be lowered until sunset at all public buildings and military posts.
“Our nation shares the sorrow of those affected by the shooting at the Capital Gazette newspaper,” Trump said in the proclamation.
The move followed a request by Annapolis mayor, Gavin Buckley, who claimed that his request on Monday was initially denied.
Mr Buckley had said: “This was an attack on the press. It was an attack on freedom of speech. It's just as important as any other tragedy”.
“Obviously, I'm disappointed, you know? Is there a cutoff for tragedy?” Mr Buckley said earlier.
On Monday, Mr Buckley said that while the State of Maryland had ordered flags lowered in honour of those killed at the Capital Gazette, Trump declined the bid for federal recognition.
The White House also had lowered flags for other mass shootings, including the 17 killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, in February, and the 10 cut down in May at Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe, Texas.
Five people were killed and several others injured on June 28 after a gunman opened fire inside the building that houses the Capital Gazette.
Mr Trump said in a tweet on the shooting: “Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland.
“My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene”.
(NAN)
Raila's digital communications: Who's the enemy within?
By Mutua Kaleli
Today, Kenya's opposition and more so Raila Odinga have remained hostage to Jubilee driven media propaganda, media censorship and have had their reported news information heavily distorted in the eyes of the public.
But why should this happen in the present day of phenomenal social media growth? Why can't what Raila Odinga said or done or planned be properly diseminated effectively and professionally on digital media?
Who is the impediment in all this?
He is the well known silent mole at Capitol Hill Square. He has an attitude which suggests Raila is his private property which he can pocket. His links to Deputy President William Ruto are a poorly kept secret. His incompetence in the digital media era is there for all to see. He draws money from opposition coffers for publicity but fails to allocate the money accordingly. Raila digital media strategy pales in comparison to that of Uhuru Kenyatta.
He was tagged to be spokesman a few years ago but has since morphed into a gatekeeper, acting like speechwriter, a selfish photo editor, clueless digital strategist, a sly media relations coordinator and the biggest political commercial broker around the Raila Campaign.
The nearer the election approaches, the more he tightens his powerful grip on information and the candidate's activity.
Because he gains financially when Raila is in opposition fighting government by trading and leaking information, he works alone and is conditioned to frustrate other communication practitioners in and around the party and coalition.
That is the enemy within!
Even with Donald Trump template on how to ignore Mt Kenya mafia media and still access millions of Kenyans via social medial is hard to adopt at the Raila secretariat just because of this one notorius Ruto mole.
By Jennifer Smith For Dailymail.com
Published: 13:52 EDT, 4 July 2018 | Updated: 14:00 EDT, 4 July 2018
Today, Airbnb is worth $30billion and has become a lifestyle for modern travelers.
But 10 years ago, when the company was founded in San Francisco, it was little more than a pipe dream and a means of making rent for its founders.
The company, as it is now known, is the brainchild of roommates Brian Chesky and Joe Gebbia who were struggling to pay for their shared apartment in August 2007 when they came up with the idea.
To raise money, they blew up air beds and rented them out in their apartment, drawing in three guests - a 30-year-old Indian man, a 35-year-old woman from Boston and a 45-year-old from Utah - who each paid $80-a-night.
Officially, those were the first dollars the company, then called Air Bed and Breakfast, pulled in. But the following year during the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver was where its roots were planted.
Airbnb founders Brian Chesky (left), Nathan Blecharcyzk (center) and Joe Gebbia (right) launched the company in 2008 after renting out air beds in their San Francisco apartment to make rent
Today, the company is worth $31billion and is in 34,000 cities around the world. The founders are pictured at the Airbnb Open LA in 2016
Between their first guests and the convention, they failed to attract enough guests to get it off the ground.
'This was also a social experiment. No one wanted to be the first to do this,' Chesky said in a 2014 speech.
With fellow roommate Nathan Blecharczyk now on board, the trio were desperate to raise money to take the business to the next level.
But the punishing timing of it being after the global financial crash coupled with skepticism over their idea got in their way. They were introduced to 20 different investors, 15 of whom did not reply to their initial emails asking for money.
One, Chesky recalled, got up half-way through their coffee meeting and simply walked away.
In a bid to drum up publicity and some much-needed cash to put behind marketing, the trio decided to provide breakfast, then a key part of the business model, to crowds at the DNC.
They hoped it would inspire Obama supporters in Denver to open up their homes to other Obama supporters who were visiting.
How they got their start: In a bid to drum up funding, the entrepreneurs produced these boxes of cereal which they sold at the Democratic National Convention in 2008 for $40 a box. They made $30,000 by selling 1000 boxes and used it as their seed money
They created campaign-branded cereal - Obama-O's and Cap'n McCain's - for $40 a box and, remarkably, raised $30,000 in the process - selling all of the 1,000 boxes they had convinced a local printer to make them for free then giving him a royalty once they sold.
'That was our first round of financing,' Chesky said in 2014.
In desperate need of more, the trio entered Y Combinator, a seed accelerator which gives two start-ups $120,000 every year.
'I remember meeting with (venture capitalist) Paul Graham and he was like, "People are doing this?"
'And I was like, "Yeah." And he said, "What's wrong with them?" That was the beginning of my interview. It kind of went down from there.
'We're about to leave and we handed him a box of Obama-O's and he said, "If you can convince people to buy a $4 box of cereal for $40, maybe you can convince them to stay in other people's rooms."
The meeting got them $20,000 in seed money in exchange for six percent stake in the company. They used some of the money to travel to New York, by now their biggest market, to meet with users.
Actor James Franco designed this pop-up for the company in 2013
There, the founders discovered that the photographs of listings were not high quality enough. So they bought their own camera and started taking images themselves to post on the ads.
In 2009, they changed the company's name from Air Bed and Breakfast to Airbnb. and, nurtured by Graham's investment and the incubator, the investments came pouring in.
First, they were given an additional $600,000 from other investors. It was then that they started handling payments between guests and hosts on the site.
In 2010, they asked for more - $7.2million. An unnamed venture capitalist agreed.
In 2011, celebrity-turned-investor Ashton Kutcher made a sizable investment. He now sits on the board. In the same year, they secured a $110million investment which allowed them to hire more staff to maintain the site.
By June 2012, the website had processed more than 10million bookings.
In 2016, Airbnb gave competition winners one free night sleeping in a bed in the Paris Aquarium surrounded by sharks
The unstoppable growth was peppered with challenges. In 2011, they faced backlash from the travel community when a host wrote on her blog about how her home had been trashed by guests.
Until then, Airbnb offered hosts nothing in the way of insurance. To combat the problem, they implemented an initial insurance policy which covered hosts for $500,000 of damage. Now, they are covered for up to $1million.
Between 2016 and 2018, the company's private valuation has skyrocketed to $31billion.
In February, CFO Laurence Tosi left the company. As he announced his departure, Chesky said the company had no plan to go public in the next year.
The trendier festival of style and culture returns (outside of Fashion Week!) for three days with exhibitions, talks and music from the likes of punk queen Vivienne Westwood, modern feminist Adwoa Aboah and favourite noughties rapper Wyclef Jean. See The Kooples and more kill the catwalks, plus plenty of great grub.
U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford said on Monday U.S. military options being prepared against North Korea would be for when diplomatic and economic sanctions failed, South Korea's president's office said on Monday.
SEOUL: U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford said on Monday U.S. military options being prepared against North Korea would be for when diplomatic and economic sanctions failed, South Korea's president's office said on Monday.
Dunford made the comments to South Korean President Moon Jae-in in a 50-minute meeting to discuss recent issues including North Korean provocation, office spokesman Park Su-hyun told a media briefing.
Dunford was in Seoul speaking to South Korean military officials, including Defence Minister Song Young-moo. He was due to leave South Korea later on Monday and will make stops in China and Japan this week.
Tension has increased in recent months over concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon.
North Korea and the United States exchanged threats of military action last week, with Pyongyang saying it will develop a plan to strike the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Advertisement
CLEARMONT — In the 90 seconds allotted each of the nine graduating seniors at Arvada-Clearmont High School, parents once again watched their children grow up thanks to the longstanding tradition of the class slideshow.
“Everyone has a graduation ceremony,” said graduating senior Clayton Auzqui's mother, Alicia Auzqui. “The slideshow is the emotional piece. Everybody cries.”
Each year, Arvada-Clearmont High School compiles pictures of each student graduating from the class. Families help pick out the cutest and sometimes most embarrassing photos to share with family, friends and other community members attending the graduation ceremonies.
Previously, ACHS senior classes paid an outside entity to compile the collected photos from students and would put the memories to music for everyone to enjoy at graduation. This year, senior class sponsor Dawn Knudsvig found another individual in the Panther family to complete the slideshow for the class.
Jonathan Broersma started teaching for Sheridan County School District 3 this year and made the slideshow presentations for school board meetings. In exchange for Panthers gear, Broersma happily put together the slideshow for the Class of 2018. Broersma said in smaller schools, everyone has to serve in multiple roles, and he was happy to use his talents in this way.
Before Broersma worked his slideshow magic for the crowd's enjoyment, the task of finding the perfect pictures was put on the students and their parents. The Auzquis have seen a dozen of the class slideshows in their time attending in SCSD3. The duo started piecing together Clayton Auzqui's 90-second spotlight back in December. The family laid out dozens of photographs and chose what they felt was the best — and cutest — depiction of Auzqui's 18 years of life.
“When you have a limited number of pictures to capture 18 years, it's hard as a parent,” Alicia Auzqui said.
A few of Clayton in cowboy boots and taking baths in the sink made the final cut, flipping through to Luke Bryan's “Most People Are Good.”
“We actually narrowed it down to three (songs). We sat down and listened to the lyrics and when that song came on, that is him,” Alicia Auzqui said.
Classes have the option of viewing the slideshow during ceremony practice, but the ACHS Class of 2018 opted to keep it a surprise and watch it for the first time alongside their parents and loved ones.
“For these guys to not have seen it and are very hesitant about talking is because it's very emotional,” Auzqui said. “It's just the part of the graduation ceremony that gets you.”
The school provided boxes of tissues on every row reserved for the graduating seniors' friends and family. By the end of the ceremony, used tissues lay scattered across chairs as loved ones shared in the joys of youth and the transition into adulthood commenced Sunday afternoon.
- Advertisement -
After 10 years of marriage to a completely lazy husband, a trader, Mrs Awawu Oseni, wants an Igando Customary Court in Lagos to dissolve the marriage because of the man's refusal to work.
Awawu pleaded with the court on Monday to dissolve the marriage because her husband, Ibrahim Oseni, has refused to work, to make himself useful to the family.
She said that Ibrahim, with whom she had a child in the marriage, was completely lazy and not useful to the family.
“My husband has refused to work. He sleeps at home from morning till night, snoring.
“When he wanted to marry me, he claimed that he had accommodation problem and he pleaded to move in with me for him to get another apartment.
“I accepted but he has refused to search for accommodation ever since.
“My mother has been the one paying our house rent and feeding us since the inception of our marriage.
“And, I dare not fail to give him food to eat. He would beat the hell out of me.”
Awawu said that Ibrahim had also been accusing her of infidelity repeatedly.
“Whenever I go out, my husband always accuses me of going to see another man. He would beat me and asked me to tell him the name of the man I went to see.
- Advertisement -
“He embarrasses me in public by beating and calling me a dog, bastard and prostitute.
“All the scars on my body were due to his constant beatings.”
The 30-year-old mother pleaded with court to divorce the union forthwith, saying that she was no longer interested.
“Please, save me from the cruel hands of Ibrahim. He may beat me to death one day if I continue with the marriage,” Awawu said.
However, Ibrahim said that Awawu was having extra-marital affairs.
“I always have the feeling that my wife is seeing another man and whenever she returns and I ask her to tell me the man she visited and she refuses, I beat her.”
Ibrahim said that he was paying their house rent and was also caring for their only child.
The 42-year-old man also denied the allegation of being lazy.
“Although, I stay in the house from morning but I leave with my motorcycle to work in the evening,” he explained.
He begged the court not to grant his wife's wish for the dissolution of marriage, saying that he was still in love with her.
The President of the court, Mr Moses Akinniyi, adjourned the case until Dec. 18 for further hearing.
Warren Bashor, 79
Feb. 16, 1938 – Jan. 10, 2018
Longmont, Colo.
Warren M. Bashor, 79, of Longmont passed away Jan. 10, 2018, at Longmont United Hospital. He was born Feb. 16, 1938, in Longmont to Galen and Priscilla (Wellman) Bashor.
Warren graduated from Longmont High School in 1956; he was named to the all-state football team. He attended Mesa College on a football scholarship.
He was a member of the Colorado National Guard. He married Sue Ann Roberts and they later divorced.
Warren was a farmer and cattle feeder in the Hygiene, Colo., area. He was a member of the Old Stone Church of Lyons. He enjoyed trips to Las Vegas and Blackhawk along with fishing, hunting and camping. Riding horses either moving cattle or trail riding in the mountains, as well as traveling across the country.
He was preceded in death by his parents, a brother Duane Bashor, and two sisters; Mary Lou Jackson and Shirley Patterson.
Warren is survived by Sandra Gingery, two sons, Wade (Rochelle) Bashor, Paul (Jodi) Bashor; brother, Millard Bashor; a brother-in-law, Bob Jackson; a sister-in-law, Dorothy Bashor; grandchildren, Rachel Bashor (Chris Conroy), Samantha Bashor, Colton Bashor and Wyatt Bashor; numerous nieces, nephews, cousins and close friends.
Visitation was held Jan. 15, 2018, at Ahlberg Funeral Chapel. Funeral services were held Jan. 16, 2018, at LifeBridge Christian Church. Interment followed at Hygiene Cemetery, contributions can be made to Boulder County Jr. Market Sale Scholarship Fund and sent in care of Ahlberg Funeral Chapel. Please visit http://www.ahlbergfuneralchapel.com to share condolences.
SINGAPORE: Former Foreign Affairs Minister George Yeo's wife, Jennifer Yeo, revealed on Monday (Aug 14) that she has been undergoing treatment for a rare form of nose cancer.
In a Facebook post, the 58-year-old lawyer said this year's National Day Parade on Aug 9 had been "extraordinary" for her because her mother was performing during the show. Her mother, affectionately known as Grandma Mary stole the show as an 81-year-old guitar-slinging granny at the parade. However, Mrs Yeo said she was unable to watch her mother's performance live as she has been undergoing treatment in Houston, Texas at the MD Anderson Cancer Centre.
In a separate Facebook post, Mr Yeo said his wife was diagnosed with the rare "aggressive" cancer - sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma three weeks ago, and her only symptom was the loss of her sense of smell.
This rare type of cancer occurs when a tumour forms in the upper respiratory tract.
Mrs Yeo's treatment consists of chemotherapy and chemo-radiotherapy and could include surgery, Mr Yeo said. He added that "doctors are cautiously optimistic". The family expects to be in Houston for some months, he shared.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mrs Yeo is the founder of the Viva Foundation, an organisation that works closely with the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Tennessee to tackle childhood cancer.
By Ann Maxon / Staff reporter
A truck involved in a crash that killed three people in Tainan on Monday belongs to a transport company that frequently overworks its drivers and causes road casualties, the New Power Party (NPP) caucus said yesterday.
Two police officers, Kuo Chen-hsiung (郭振雄) and Yeh Chia-hao (葉家豪), and a truck driver surnamed Hsiao (蕭) were killed in the rear-end collision on Sun Yat-sen Freeway (Freeway No. 1).
The truck driver responsible for the accident, surnamed Lu (陸), admitted to having dozed off due to fatigue.
“While the driver has been released by the Tainan District Prosecutors' Office on bail of NT$100,000 [US$3,377], should his boss not also be held responsible?” NPP caucus convener Hsu Yung-ming (徐永明) told a news conference at the caucus' office in Taipei.
Since 2013, the company Lu works for, Jingshan Transport, has been fined five times by the Taoyuan Office of Labor Inspection for contraventions of labor regulations, mostly for making employees work past legal work hour limits, Hsu said.
A look at the labor records of Lu Yen-ching (盧延景), who owns Jingshan and other transport companies, showed that he has been fined by the office 12 times over the past three years, Hsu added.
Jingshan and its subsidiaries not only have poor labor records, but also numerous traffic violations and fatal car accidents, NPP Executive Chairman Huang Kuo-chang (黃國昌) said.
“The group is a potential threat to the nation's road safety. Its record of road casualties in the past couple of years is shocking,” Huang said, adding that it is responsible for at least three fatal car incidents since 2016.
“The Ministry of Transportation and Communications must not restrict its investigations to the driver,” he said.
If company owners are not held responsible, they will continue to overwork their employees and cause more traffic accidents, he added.
“The Ministry of Labor [last month] relaxed the rules on maximum consecutive work days for the transportation industry. Should it continue to enforce that policy now that an accident like this has happened?” Hsu asked.
Inspections of the company found that Lu had worked 22 consecutive days and had less than 11 hours of rest between shifts, the labor ministry said yesterday.
He was also found to have worked more than 12 hours of overtime on one day and 46 hours in one month, it said.
Jingshan is to be fined NT$3 million for contravening the Labor Standards Act (勞動基準法), it added.
The labor ministry said that over the past three years it has carried out four labor inspections at Jingshan and fined it a total of NT$360,000 for six breaches of labor laws, adding that it has formed a task force responsible for labor inspections at transport companies to better protect the rights of workers in the industry and to improve road safety.
Join us to get an up-close look at the amazing artistic gadgetry of Steve Gerberich, whose fabulous creations grace the Stamford Museum galleries this holiday season in our Gerberich's Gadgets: Best of Springs, Sprockets & Pulleys exhibition. We'll have some free build time with our favorite building blocks, create our own inventions out of recycled materials, complete a scavenger hunt through the exhibit, and more. Scout groups will rotate through activities. Limited to 60 girl and boy scouts. Scouts may register with their parents or with their troops/dens. To register, please e-mail Lisa Monachelli at lmonachelli@stamfordmuseum.org. Members: $5 | Non-Members: $8
For more information, visit www.stamfordmuseum.org or call 203.977.6521.
* * * * Stamford Museum & Nature Center is dedicated to the preservation and interpretation of art, the natural and agricultural sciences, and history. The Museum is a vital cultural and educational resource for the community, and a focal point for family activity through exhibitions, educational programs and special events.
PBA: Flying V, Cignal eye D-L finals
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By: Jerome Lagunzad
Games Today
(Ynares Sports Arena)
3 p.m. – Marinerong Pilipino vs Cignal HD
5 p.m. – Flying V vs CEU
Eager to arrange a blockbuster PBA D-League Foundation Cup titular showdown, Flying V and Cignal HD go for the kill against their respective semifinals foes today at the Ynares Sports Arena in Pasig City.
The Hawkeyes will have the first crack at 3 o'clock as they take on the Skippers of Marinerong Pilipino anew, determined to pull off a fitting follow-up to a resounding 86-67 win in the series opener last week.
A repeat victory will enable Cignal HD to book its second straight trip to the finals and keep itself on track for a golden double following its Aspirants Cup title conquest at the expense of Racal Motors.
But Hawkeyes coach Boyet Fernandez, the league's winningest mentor with six titles tucked under his belt, remains wary, very much aware the Skippers, handled by veteran counterpart Koy Banal, are capable of fighting back.
“It will be tough again facing them because I'm pretty sure that coach Koy will really prepare hard for us,” admitted the con-current San Beda tactician, who will mainly pin his hopes anew on big men Raymar Jose, Jason Perkins, and guard Pamboy Raymundo.
Banal, on the other hands, is hoping the Skippers will thrive anew with their backs against the wall, something that they've shown in the course of their impressive resurgence from a sluggish start back in the elimination round.
Related
comments
But since Ana Botín took the helm from her late father in 2014, the bank has moved to a more conventional approach and slashed its dividends to amounts sustainable from earnings….
The bank used to pay dividends way in excess of earnings, and got away with it because a sizeable proportion of its Spanish shareholders used to take scrip instead of cash — but that was just diluting the value of the shares, and I saw no sense in it.
I used to be wary of Santander (LSE: BNC), because of its somewhat weird (to my mind) approach to dividends.
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
I used to be wary of Santander (LSE: BNC), because of its somewhat weird (to my mind) approach to dividends.
The bank used to pay dividends way in excess of earnings, and got away with it because a sizeable proportion of its Spanish shareholders used to take scrip instead of cash — but that was just diluting the value of the shares, and I saw no sense in it.
But since Ana Botín took the helm from her late father in 2014, the bank has moved to a more conventional approach and slashed its dividends to amounts sustainable from earnings. Forecast yields are now in the 4.1% to 4.4% range, and more than twice covered by earnings.
Strong start to 2018
And after viewing the latest results from Europe's largest bank by market capitalisation, I'm convinced that its shares are looking good value now, and could beat the best of the FTSE 100‘s banks over the next year or two.
Santander posted an impressive set of first-quarter figures Tuesday, headlined by a 10% rise in profits for the period, to €2,054m. Excluding currency movements, the constant-euro equivalent soared by 22%, buoyed by strong growth in Brazil, Spain and Mexico and by an improving performance in the US.
Business in the UK didn't do so well, with bad loans and increased regulatory costs adding to the financial burden, but to me that highlights what is ultimately Santander's key strength — its global reach. But it does come with two edges.
When the rest of us were in the grip of the financial crisis, Santander had the likes of the upcoming economy of Brazil to help ameliorate the pain — though that country's more recent slowdown subsequently acted as a bit of a drag. Still, Brazil is coming good again, with a 7% rise in attributable profit to €677m and loans growing faster than the market average.
And a turnaround in the USA is very welcome. A 2014 dividend payment that was in violation of American stress test restrictions led to a ban on further redistribution of cash, but that was lifted in late 2017, which the bank sees as being a turning point.
In its home market of Spain, a 26% rise took profit to €455m, with Santander's acquisition of failing rival Banco Popular for just €1 apparently paying off as its integration proceeds on schedule.
Strengthening recovery
The share price plummeted from the latter half of 2014, reaching a five-year low in February 2016. But since then, we've been seeing a serious improvement in sentiment as the recovery has gathered momentum. With the shares trading back above the 470p level, we're actually looking at a pretty much flat five-year performance.
That might seem disappointing compared to the FTSE 100's 14% growth, but five years of decent dividends have provided an overall return of better than 30%. And I reckon we could be in for a Footsie-beating performance in the next few years.
At today's price levels, predictions suggest a forward P/E multiple of approximately 10.8, and I reckon we could see an uprating of forecasts in the light of these Q1 figures — and the mooted 9% rise in EPS for the year could turn out even better.
The 11% boost to earnings pencilled in for 2019 would drop that ratio to only 9.7 — and we still have dividend yields in excess of 4% to look forward to.
Facing aging
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By Jullie Y. Daza
When Korina Sanchez Roxas surprised everyone with her new look, a fresh visage through an application of the science of beauty known as Thermage by Vicki Belo, we had to ask Dr. MJ Torres to explain the A to Z of such a wondrous procedure.
MJ's field is aesthetic and anti-aging medicine, which says it all, and she has a client base of 5,000, most of them women. As a friendly “neighbor” at her Zen Institute Medical Spa which we pass by every week on our way to our Bulong Pulungan forum at Sofitel, she was the logical resource person to ask about the nitty-gritties of beauty-enhancing treatments, especially since she wants it known that “our techniques are noninvasive, nonsurgical.”
A long afternoon it was, where her every answer triggered multiple questions, women being vain creatures who are, aha, afraid of pain. For starters, she explained that the Zen in her company's name describes the calm and serenity of a spa, to assure clients that the experience that awaits them is a calming one, “not a quick fix” but a journey toward a healthy inner and outer self with the bonus of a younger appearance and fewer wrinkles.
If Korina's billboards advertise Thermage, MJ has its equivalent, Resonax, which is only one of many procedures in the Zen repertoire of stem-cell rejuvenation, threading (threads are injected under the skin to lift the muscles), facial contouring, body sculpting, hair thickening, skin lightening, skin tightening, etc. If someone has a special need for any part of his or her body, the esthetic sciences have the solution – that's how rapidly they've been advancing.
You can also ask Boots Anson Roa, Mr. and Mrs. Franco Laurel, Veronica Baluyut, who have been with MJ “for years” – no quick fixes, remember? – for their maintenance programs. It's no secret that MJ's older sister, Agnes Devanadera, chairman of the Energy Regulatory Commission, is a faithful client, too. (If only she could give ERC a face-lift after four of its commissioners were decommissioned.)
When all is said and done, it would be tempting to spend an afternoon in MJ's spa, if only to take a peek at her clientele's “before” and “after” pictures.
Related
comments
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Posted by Zac Jackson on January 2, 2017, 11:17 AM EST
Browns wide receiver Terrelle Pryor told reporters Monday that he will have surgery on Wednesday to repair a torn ligament in his finger.
Pryor said he believes he will have to rehab for 3-4 weeks with the team following the surgery.
Whether or not that rehab will be his last act with the Browns remains to be seen. Pryor is eligible for free agency in March, and though he did a little early negotiating via the media last week, nothing has been settled. Pryor said Monday that he expects his agents to talk with the Browns “soon.”
Pryor caught 77 passes for 1,007 yards in 2016. He had one reception in three games in 2015 after the Browns claimed him via waivers, gave him a shot to transition from quarterback to wide receiver, then brought him back in December after cutting him in September.
Carlson, Clark lead SC at CNFR
SHERIDAN — Sheridan College's trio of bareback riders are making a push in the standings at the College National Finals Rodeo. At the midway point of the rodeo, which is taking place in Casper, Hunter Carlson, Chance Ames and Kyle Bloomquist sit in the top 30 in the standings and all tallied scores in their first two performances.
Carlson, the regional champion heading into the CNFR, sits in 14th place after back-to-back 70-point rides to get things started. His 70 on the first go placed him 14th in the round, and his second 70 was good for 10th in round two. He's currently 10.5 points out of the top 10.
Ames is right behind his Sheridan College teammate thanks to a stellar 77-point ride in the first go, good for fifth in the round. He followed with a 61 in round two, giving him 138 points total.
Bloomquist had two consistent rides but the lower scores have him sitting 26th in the standings. He scored a 58.5 in round one and a 57.5 in round two.
Fellow Generals Tayte Clark and Garrett Uptain are also in the top 30 in the saddle bronc standings. Clark's two-round scores of 65 and 54.5 pushed him into 18th place. Uptain scored a 66.5-point ride in round one, good for 13th place, but fell to 27th after a no-score on his second ride.
Rounding out the Sheridan College scoring from the first half of the week are barrel racer LaTasha Wieferich and tie-down roper Cody Henderson, who both had a rough start to the rodeo.
Wieferich scored a 30.35 on her first run and followed with a 19.75-second ride, placing her 50th in the standings after two rounds. Henderson had a time of 24.3 seconds on his first run and had no score in round two, placing him 42nd in the standings.
The Sheridan College men have collected 40 points so far this week, ranking them 47th in the team standings. Panhandle State University (Oklahoma) is in first with 460 points.
The CNFR will wrap up the third and fourth rounds Thursday and Friday, respectively, with the championship round scheduled for Saturday evening at the Casper Events Center.
ARSON PROBE: Police are investigating whether the Saddleworth Moor fire was started on purpose
In a statement, Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said: "The moorland fire in Tameside is now being investigated as arson.
"An investigation has been launched into the cause of the fire on Saddleworth Moor following initial enquiries with Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service (GMFRS)."
Sonia Hamlin has been named director of marketing and communications for University of Maryland Baltimore Washington Medical Center in Glen Burnie.
Hamlin comes to UM BWMC from the University of Maryland Medical Center Midtown Campus, where she was marketing and communications director. Her previous experience includes marketing, communications, strategic planning and community programs development.
Hamlin will oversee the medical center's marketing, advertising, internal and external communications and community relations.
Got business news to share? Add it to our website at community.capitalgazette.com
Texas police were hunting for a mysterious "serial bomber" Monday after an explosion in the state capital Austin -- the fourth this month -- left two young men seriously injured and the city on edge.
Police said Sunday night's blast was connected to three previous bombings in Austin and the bomber used a tripwire in the latest attack, showing a "higher level of skill."
"We're clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point," Austin police chief Brian Manley told reporters.
But Manley said police have been unable to determine a motive for the bombings which have killed two people in the city of nearly one million people and injured another four.
"Is this terrorism? Is it hate-related?" Manley asked. "As we said from the very beginning, we were not willing to classify this as terrorism, as hate, because we just don't know enough."
In the earlier bombings, two African-American men were killed by packages left on their doorsteps, raising the possibility of a racially motivated crime. A 75-year-old Hispanic woman was also injured in a blast.
But Manley said the latest bombing seriously wounded two white men aged 22 and 23 as they walked along a sidewalk or on the road in a quiet residential neighborhood of southwest Austin.
He said it appeared "random" and was triggered by a tripwire.
"What we have seen now is a significant change from what appeared to be three very targeted attacks to what was last night an attack that would have hit a random victim that happened to walk by," he said.
"We've definitely seen a change in the method that this suspect or suspects are using," the police chief said.
Manley said the use of a tripwire also means police are dealing with someone who "shows a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill" than initially believed.
"With this tripwire, this changes things," agreed FBI special agent Christopher Combs. "It's more sophisticated, it's not targeted towards individuals.
"We're very concerned that with tripwires a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something," Combs said.
'We're going to stop it'
Manley, the police chief, appealed to the bomber to contact the authorities and to the public to report anything suspicious.
"I will reach out to the suspect or suspects and ask that you contact us, ask that you reach out to us, communicate with us so that we can put this to an end," Manley said. "There are innocent people getting hurt in this community and it needs to come to a stop.
"People need to be vigilant, pay attention," he added. "Pay attention to your surroundings."
Police said they were increasing the reward offered for information leading to an arrest, bringing the total city and state bounty money to $115,000.
"We need every tip, every piece of information, however inconsequential you may think it is," Manley said.
An exploding package killed a 39-year-old African-American man, Anthony House, on March 2. A 17-year-old African-American man, Draylen Mason, was killed on March 12 and the Hispanic woman was critically injured the same day.
All of the cardboard packages were hand-delivered, not sent through the mail, and the bombs were built with household items available at hardware stores.
A task force of hundreds of agents are working the case, including criminal profilers and experts from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF).
Austin Mayor Steve Adler said the manhunt for the bomber was the "highest priority."
"We have some of the best law enforcement folks around dealing with this," Adler said on ABC's "Good Morning America." "There's an army of federal agents. We have state resources.
"We're going to find out who is responsible for this and we're going to stop it," he said.
Since the bombings began, city police have responded to some 700 suspicious package calls, according to the Austin-American Statesman newspaper.
Bill Cosby is at the courthouse Tuesday morning ahead of closing arguments in his sexual assault retrial.
Accompanied for the first time by his wife of more than 50 years, Bill Cosby walked into a courthouse Tuesday morning ahead of closing arguments in his sexual assault retrial.
Camille Cosby had been absent from the courtroom as prosecutors called a series of women to the stand who testified her husband drugged and sexually assaulted them, but she was by his side Tuesday for the trial's conclusion.
The jury that will start deliberating Cosby's fate has heard the comedian described over the past two weeks both as a “serial rapist” and a con artist's victim.
They have seen a half-dozen accusers testify that the man once revered as “America's Dad” had a sordid secret life that involved preying on women for his own sexual gratification. And they have heard from a witness who says his chief accuser talked about framing a high-profile person to score a big payday.
Now, seven men and five women who have been kept in a suburban Philadelphia hotel, away from family, friends and daily routines, will get to have their say in the first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era.
“You now have all of the evidence,” Judge Steven O'Neill told them after Cosby's lawyers rested on Monday without calling the 80-year-old comedian to the stand. “Try to relax, so that you're on your game tomorrow.”
Jurors could be in for a marathon.
Related: Topless protester charges at Bill Cosby as retrial begins
Before going off to deliberate, they will hear both sides rehash the case in lengthy closing arguments, and they will get O'Neill's instructions in the law.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault — all stemming from Toronto native Andrea Constand's allegations that he knocked her out with three pills he called “your friends” and molested her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Each count carries a sentence of up to 10 years in prison.
Cosby has said he gave Constand 1 1/2 tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help her relax before what he called a consensual sexual encounter.
The jury in Cosby's first trial weighed the evidence for more than 52 hours over six days without reaching a verdict.
This time, both sides have given the retrial jury much more to consider.
Prosecutors were able to call five additional accusers who testified that Cosby also drugged and violated them — including one woman who asked him through her tears, “You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?”
Cosby's new defence team, led by Michael Jackson lawyer Tom Mesereau, countered with a far more robust effort at stoking doubts about Constand's credibility and raising questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
The defence's star witness was a former colleague of Constand who says Constand spoke of levelling false sexual assault accusations against a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a civil suit. Constand got a civil settlement of nearly $3.4 million from Cosby.
Both juries also heard from Cosby himself — not on the witness stand, but via an explosive deposition he gave in 2005 and 2006 as part of Constand's civil suit against him. In it, Cosby acknowledged he gave the sedative quaaludes to women before sex in the 1970s.
Cosby's lawyers devoted the last two days of their case to travel records they say prove he could not have been at his suburban Philadelphia home in January 2004. They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
Cosby's private jet records and travel itineraries produced by Cosby's lawyers do not show any flights in or out of the Philadelphia area in January 2004, but they have large gaps — a total of 17 days that month in which Cosby was not travelling, performing or taping TV appearances.
District Attorney Kevin Steele noted that the records do not account for other ways Cosby could have gotten to Philadelphia.
“You can't tell us whether he got on a commercial flight,” Steele said, questioning a defence aviation expert. “You can't tell us whether he got on a train. You can't tell us whether he got in a car and drove to Philadelphia.”
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
Michael R. Sisak, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The consultant hired by the city of Overland Park to explore options for the future of the downtown farmers market presented the city's community development committee this week with four concepts that would allow for better pedestrian access, more uses and additional amenities.
The current market, which has operated on the same site since 1982, presents a handful of challenges primarily related to the sloping of the surface from Santa Fe Drive down to Marty. Drainage issues lead to streams and flooding, and rain penetrates the structure fairly regularly. The market has also simply outgrown its current space, which has 54 vendor stalls. Consultants estimate that demand exists for around another dozen stalls. Moreover, the city believes an opportunity exists for the farmers market structure to become a space for events like weddings and corporate parties.
The consultant proposes four possible options for the future of the facility:
Upgrading the existing facility to improve drainage, add electricity, install rain and wind prevention structures, painting, and adding wifi access. This would be the least expensive option at around $250,000, and would allow for continuous operation at the site.
to improve drainage, add electricity, install rain and wind prevention structures, painting, and adding wifi access. This would be the least expensive option at around $250,000, and would allow for continuous operation at the site. Rebuilding the farmers market on the current site with a split level garage . This would have the advantages of creating a completely flat market space and would greatly increase the supply of on-site parking, from the current 166 to 307. It would be the most expensive option at $17 million, and would require the market to temporarily relocate to a different space for a relatively long period. Here are two renderings developed by the consultant of what that concept might look like:
. This would have the advantages of creating a completely flat market space and would greatly increase the supply of on-site parking, from the current 166 to 307. It would be the most expensive option at $17 million, and would require the market to temporarily relocate to a different space for a relatively long period. Here are two renderings developed by the consultant of what that concept might look like: Rebuilding the farmers market on the current site, but reconfigured to have the shed run along Marty Street . This would be a mid-range option that would cost around $6 million. It would reduce, but not eliminate the slope of the site, would add retail space along the Marty streetfront, and would increase the number of vendor stalls to 72. It would also reduce the inventory of on-site parking to 139 spaces. Here's a rendering of that concept:
. This would be a mid-range option that would cost around $6 million. It would reduce, but not eliminate the slope of the site, would add retail space along the Marty streetfront, and would increase the number of vendor stalls to 72. It would also reduce the inventory of on-site parking to 139 spaces. Here's a rendering of that concept: Relocating the farmers market to Santa Fe Commons, a couple blocks to the south of the current site. The relocation would allow the market to have 66 stalls on a flat site and would provide the best options for creating associated event spaces. The cost would be around $5 million. Here's a look at what that project might look like:
The city will host a community meeting to get public feedback on the proposals sometime next month. (We'll post details when they're finalized).
The city approved a budget of $60,000 in city funds to be spent on the study for the famers market last December. A matching grant from the Kansas Department of Transportation through the Mid-America Regional Council provided an additional $60,000 for the study.
ST. LOUIS: Chess legend Garry Kasparov on Monday (Aug 14) came out of retirement but was held to a draw against fellow Russian Sergey Karjakin in his first competitive chess match in 12 years.
Kasparov, who utterly dominated the sport from 1985 to 2000, is competing this week at the Rapid and Blitz tournament in St. Louis.
He says that at 54, more than a decade past the age when professional chess players typically retire, he has no plans to return to competition full-time. He became the youngest world champion ever at age 22 in 1985.
SINGAPORE: The Republic of Singapore Air Force (RSAF) will take part in this year's Exercise Red Flag - Nellis air combat exercise in the United States, the Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) said in a press release on Monday (Aug 14).
The RSAF will deploy eight F-15SG fighter aircraft and more than 100 personnel from its Peace Carvin V detachment in Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, to participate in the large-scale exercise.
Running from Aug 14 to Aug 25, the exercise will be held at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, and will also include participants from Saudi Arabia and the US as well as observers from Chile, Oman and Romania.
Up to 100 aircraft will take part in the exercise. Apart from Singapore's F-15SGs, other aircraft will include Saudi Arabia's EF-2000 Eurofighter Typhoons and the United States Air Force's F-22, F-16C/D and F/A-18C/D fighter aircraft and its E-3A airborne early warning aircraft.
Participants will engage in a series of "realistic and challenging" air-to-air and air-to-ground training missions, MINDEF said.
"The training conducted during the exercise will allow the participants to hone their combat readiness and sharpen their operational capabilities," the ministry added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The RSAF has participated in the Exercise Red Flag - Nellis exercise since 1982. The exercise underscores the "excellent and long-standing defence relationship" between the US and Singapore, MINDEF said.
"It also enhances professionalism and interoperability among the participating forces, and provides the RSAF an opportunity to benchmark itself against other leading air forces."
President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday said Nigeria had no regret fighting apartheid in South Africa until a full democratic system was established in the country.
According to a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, the President spoke while receiving the outgoing South African High Commissioner to Nigeria, Mr. Lulu Mnguni, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
“President Muhammadu Buhari Friday in Abuja said Nigeria had no regret fighting the scourge of apartheid in South Africa until a full democratic system was established in the country,” the statement read in part.
Buhari said Nigeria made lots of sacrifices during the years of apartheid to ensure that full rights were restored to all citizens, irrespective of the colour of their skin.
The President said Nigeria would continue to strengthen its historic and fraternal relationship with South Africa.
Buhari, who congratulated Mnguni on the successful completion of his duty tour, said bilateral relations between Nigeria and South Africa will be improved, especially in trade where both countries have areas of competitive advantage.
In his remarks, the outgoing envoy expressed gratitude to the Federal Government for all the support he received.
He said the relationship between both countries had a long history of brotherliness and partnership in promoting the African cause, adding that he would return to South Africa with fond memories of Nigeria.
Branding the flesh of female “sex slaves” was her own idea, says former “Smallville” actress Allison Mack — now an accused leader of the upstate cult Nxivm.
Speaking with a reporter for The New York Times Magazine, Mack scoffed at the idea of merely tattooing the women.
Tattoos are for wimps, Mack implied in the interview, which she gave six months before her arrest on federal human-trafficking charges.
“I was like: ‘Y'all, a tattoo?'” Mack told reporter Vanessa Grigoriadis, speaking from her apartment in Prospect Park, Brooklyn, for a Nxivm profile running Sunday.
“People get drunk and tattooed on their ankle ‘BFF,' or a tramp stamp,” said Mack, who played Clark Kent's buddy on the long-running WB series. “I have two tattoos, and they mean nothing.”
Apparently, searing their flesh with a cauterizing pen instead, leaving them permanently scarred with the initials of both Mack and accused cult boss Keith Raniere, would be far more meaningful — even if the branded women themselves didn't know the meaning.
“Not all the women were told that these initials were present in the symbol,” Grigoriadis writes.
Astoundingly, she adds, some of the women saw being branded as a way to conquer their fears.
“Some of them kidded around through it,” the article says.
“Even if they cried when they were getting the brand; even if they wore surgical masks to help them with breathing in the smell of burning flesh . . . they were still able to transcend the fear and cry out to one another: “Badass warrior bitches! Let's get strong together.”
Grigoriadis also spoke to Raniere, who easily admitted he was “polyamorous” but insisted that he never brainwashed anyone.
Both Raniere and Mack are due to stand trial in October on conspiracy and trafficking charges carrying a minimum prison term of 15 years.
Join nationally renowned author, James Thompson, at the Norwalk Historical Society's Mill Hill Historic Park on Tuesday, June 27, 2017 at 7:00pm for an introspective look at World War I artists, most specifically Norwalk artists, Harry Townsend and F.C. Yohn. WWI Illustrators of America: How Harry Townsend and F.C. Yohn Helped Win the War is part of the Norwalk Historical Society's World War I Centennial Lecture Series. World War I posters on loan from the Mattatuck Museum in Waterbury, CT and Townsend and Yohn's art work from the City of Norwalk Collection will be on display. The lecture will take place in the newly restored 1835 Town House at Mill Hill, located at 2 East Wall Street in Norwalk, CT. Follow signs to parking. Admission is $5.00 and tickets can be purchased at www.norwalkhistoricalsociety.org Generously sponsored in part by DoubleTree by Hilton and the Norwalk Arts Commission.
James Thompson, author of Painting America's Portrait – How Illustrators Created Their Art and its sequel, Painting America's Portrait – How Illustrators Created America, will commemorate two of Norwalk's greatest artists. Harry Townsend and F. C. Yohn, both well-known before WWI, secured lasting fame with works they produced during the Great War. Townsend was recruited into the American Expeditionary Force to create a pictorial history of “our boys” in the field. Yohn spent the war in his New York studio depicting the hardship and heroism of the men who were “making the world safe for democracy”. Yohn's images were seen by untold numbers of readers of America's most popular magazines. Thompson will explain how Uncle Sam used the art of men like Harry Townsend and F. C. Yohn to win the war, and how the images they created reshaped the way Americans perceived themselves. He will present examples of both man's work and show how they became stars in the constellation of American Illustration.
In addition to his two most recent books, James Thompson, has written numerous books on the ideas of history including: The Birth of Virginia's Aristocracy (2009), Thomas Jefferson's Enlightenment – Paris 1785 (2014), and George Washington's Mulatto Man – Who Was Billy Lee? Mr. Thompson lectures on the topics he discusses in his books and has spoken at the US Naval Academy, the Virginia Historical Society, the DAR Library in Washington, DC, and the Thomas Jefferson Heritage Society Forum in Charlottesville. He has presented lecture series in continuing education programs at the University of Virginia, the College of William & Mary, George Mason University, and the University of Delaware.
Sponsored by the Double Tree by Hilton and the Norwalk Arts Commission
For more information: visit www.norwalkhistoricalsociety.org, e-mail info@norwalkhistoricalsociety.org , or call 203-846-0525. The Norwalk Historical Society is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday with a mild left hip strain, leaving the club with four of their five starters from the opening-day roster sidelined with an injury.
Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Maeda was removed from his start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. He received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that he would not rush his right-hander's return.
“I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts,” Madea said through a team interpreter. “I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that.”
The Dodgers recalled right-hander Dennis Santana from Triple-A Oklahoma City to take Maeda's spot on the active roster. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster.
Roberts said Santana would be available out of the bullpen immediately and could be in line for a start when the team heads out on a six-game road trip starting Friday at Colorado. Santana has a combined 10 starts at Double-A and Triple-A this season, posting a 2.54 ERA.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A Tulsa man has been charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of another man earlier this month.
Investigators say Willie Banks has been charged in the shooting of 23-year-old Joshua Tibbs at the Route 66 Event Center on August 5th.
Police say Tibbs was at the center when a disturbance broke out shortly before 4 a.m.
Related Story: Tulsa Man Arrested In Connection With The City's 52nd Homicide
As the crowd was breaking up, they say shots were fired in the parking lot.
Investigators say Tibbs drove off in his Tahoe and they believe a second vehicle followed him and another shooting happened in the 400 block of South Sheridan.
Police said Tibbs drove to the 400 block of South Fulton where he collapsed and died.
About Micah Hanks
Micah is your guide to the weird and wonderful here at the Gralien Report.
CYBERPORNOGRAPHY
(PART 3)
Like the menace of illegal drugs, cyber pornography has been prevalent in the Philippines and poses serious threats to families and children.
“It's very alarming and it's getting larger at the threshold,” said Francis Señora, senior agent of the National Bureau of Investigation in Central Visayas (NBI-7) Cybercrime Department.
Fueled by lust and the desire for “easy money,” people engage in cyber pornography, which in a number of instances, has become a family business.
Children are pushed by their own parents into cyberpornography by making them believe that this was a normal job.
The fact that not all cases involve actual sexual contact or direct intrusion of the body also makes the young victims think that such was okay.
“Child pornography is an industry, and people are earning money. Children are made to believe that there's nothing wrong with it,” Señora said.
Data obtained from the International Justice Mission (IJM), a non-governmental organization actively fighting all forms of human trafficking and child exploitation, reveal that over 300 victims of online sexual exploitation of children had been rescued throughout the Philippines since government stepped up its campaign against cyber pornography.
As of April 2018, at least 133 suspects were arrested — 77 percent of whom were parents, relatives, and close family friends of the victims.
In Cebu, law enforcement units have rescued 155 victims, and arrested 53 cyber porn suspects since 2011.
Of the number, only 11 persons had been convicted.
Disturbing
Lawyer John Tanagho, IJM Cebu field office director, said the state of online sexual exploitation of children (OSEC), otherwise known as cyber pornography, is very disturbing.
He said that on average, the Department of Justice's Cybercrime Office receives over 2,600 “cybertip” referrals of different forms of online sexual exploitation each month.
“It is not just nude photos as some think. Online sexual exploitation of children involves the actual sexual abuse of children. Young Filipino children have been molested and sexually abused by adults, forced to have sex with other children, made to use sex toys to portray sex acts, made to touch themselves, and other sexually explicit conduct,” Tanagho told Cebu Daily News.
And the victims, he added, were very young.
Based on their records, over 50% of the rescued victims in the Philippines were just 12 years old or younger.
Some, he said, were even babies and toddlers.
Easy money
Cyber pornography thrives, Tanagho explained, because of people who are easily enticed by money without having to work hard.
He said sex predators usually pay between P1,000 to P5,000 for every “livestream” of the sexual act.
“Because the transactions happen online, the suspects believe they are anonymous on the internet and think police can't find them. They think they won't get caught,” Tanagho said.
Instead of using laptop computers, several people who are into cyber pornography have shifted to using cellular phones to make it more difficult for law enforcers to track them down while shooting the live lewd acts.
Though technology makes it harder for authorities to combat cyber pornography, Tanagho said they continue to collaborate with international law
enforcement agencies in the investigation of cases involving online sexual exploitation and abuse of children throughout the Philippines.
“Effective law enforcement stops criminals and protects children from online sexual exploitation,” he said.
Their efforts are bearing fruit as more and more suspected online traffickers have been arrested each month.
This year, arrests were made in Cordova town, Lapu-Lapu City, Tacloban City, and Biliran town for alleged online trafficking.
Cordova, a 3rd class municipality on Mactan island, has been identified by law enforcers as a “hotspot” for home-based cyberporn.
Last year, police also arrested suspected online traffickers in other places of the Visayas such as Bacolod, Bohol, Leyte, and the cities of Cebu, Mandaue, and Talisay in Cebu.
Obstacles
Señora said some existing policies, prevent law enforcement agencies from going full blast in investigating the online sexual exploitation of children.
For one, he said it remains difficult to trace cellular phone numbers and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses due to the lack of regulations mandating the specific registration of owners.
“In other countries, you have to give your passport or whatever identification before you get a SIM card. But here in the Philippines, you just can buy SIM cards for P20 to P50,” said Señora.
But despite the obstacles, Señora assured the NBI and police authorities are doing their best to fight online sexual exploitation of children.
“We try to get human information from locals and coordinate with foreign counterparts for intelligence reports,” he said.
Solutions
Señora is grateful that local government units are taking steps to stop cyber pornography.
Both the Mandaue City government and Cordova town are implementing an ordinance requiring businesses engaged in money remittances to submit a monthly report on customers and suspicious transactions which may be related to cyberpornography.
There are plans to replicate the scheme in the entire province of Cebu, as officials believe that money transfer establishments are being used as conduit by criminals engaged in human trafficking and sexual exploitation.
“Our children are supposed to be our treasure. We will try our best to go after those who exploit our children. We must remember that victims can be potential perpetrators if nothing is done to help them,” he said.
Porn effects
Rosemarie Gonato, a psychologist specializing in trauma and child abuse, said sustained exposure to pornography leads to serious psychological disorders in minors and even adults.
“Constant exposure to pornographic materials will register in the brain. The images are hard to erase especially when one gets used to them. The effect will set-in later. That's why they need long-term intervention. How long? That would depend on how a child copes,” she told CDN.
Gonato, who testified in a trial of as an expert witness for the prosecution, said that she was happy that the kids who were rescued from their parents in the first major cyber pornography operation in Cebu in 2011 have recuperated.
“They responded to the treatment. The new environment and the support from people help,” she said.
(To be continued)
KRISTINE Rihanoff is one of Strictly's hottest exports.
Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Kristina Rihanoff is the definition of a blonde bombshell. The Celebrity Big Brother star, never failed to turn up the heat on the programme during her seven-year tenure from 2008-2015, as she was constantly clad in an array of boob-baring outfits. She even caught the attention of her Strictly co-star rugby union player Ben Cohen, 39, who she shares a child with. And keen to bring the glamour once more, Kristina wowed as she attended Strictly's Giovanni Pernice's return to the stage at The Lyric Theatre in London.
FLYNET/ SPLASH NEWS SINFULLY SLASHED: Kristina Rihanoff shows off sensational physique
FLYNET/ SPLASH NEWS POSING UP A STORM: Kristina Rihanoff wows at show launch
Kristina Rihanoff CBB babe Kristina Rihanoff is expecting her first child with former Strictly Come Dancing contestant Ben Cohen. 1 / 29 James Rudland Kristina Rihanof from 2015 Calendar
Giovanni, 27, who is dating TOWIE's Jess Wright, 32, put on a fast-paced dance production called Born to Win, which saw his 2017 celeb partner Debbie McGee, 59, perform. Kristina wowed at the show as she donned a black asymmetric jumpsuit that clung to her killer curves. The striking get-up featured racy mesh inserts that teased at her ample assets. Kristina left Ben at home for the occasion, instead opting to pose for cameras with socialite Lizzie Cundy, 48.
FLYNET/ SPLASH NEWS GLAM GALS: Lizzie Cundy and Kristina Rihanoff pose for cameras
GETTY LOVED UP: Kristina Rihanoff and Ben Cohen met on Strictly Come Dancing
Sexiest Strictly pros Who are your favourite dancer? 1 / 46 Getty/Instagram
When Kristina began dating Ben, she was painted as a “home-wrecker” on Strictly due to the fact that Ben left his wife Abbie who he shares two children with to be with the stunning star. This saw Kristina get caught up in a media storm – she found herself at the centre-of-headlines again when the last series kicked offers it was revealed that she had a five-year affair with new head judge Shirley Ballas's ex-hubby. Shirley, 57, saw her marriage end to fellow dance professional Corky Ballas in 2003 after it emerged that he had been having a five-year affair with Kristina.
BBC NO HARD FEELINGS: Shirley Ballas speaks out on Kristina Rihanoff
Martin Shkreli, the former pharmaceutical executive who has been publicly excoriated for sharply increasing the price of a lifesaving HIV drug and derisively referred to as the "Pharma Bro," was sentenced on Friday to seven years in prison for defrauding investors in two failed hedge funds and a drug company he once ran.
It's less than half of the 15 years prosecutors were seeking, but it far exceeds the minimum 18-month sentence Shkreli's attorneys were hoping to secure for their client, whose 35th birthday is later this month.
Shkreli was found guilty on two counts of securities fraud for duping hedge fund investors in MSMB Capital Management and MSMB Healthcare about the financial performance of the two companies that he operated. And he was convicted of conspiracy to commit securities fraud for manipulating stock shares of Retrophin, a pharmaceutical company he created.
U.S. District Judge Kiyo Matsumoto also ruled Monday that Shkreli must forfeit the money he made from his fraud — nearly $7.4 million — and pay a $75,000 fine. And, as NPR's Colin Dwyer reported, if Shkreli can't come up with the funds to pay back the government, he'll have to hand over a few prized possessions, including a one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang Clan album and a Picasso painting.
Shkreli, who has often appeared defiant both in the courtroom and in interviews, made a sob-filled plea for leniency during the 2 1/2-hour proceedings leading up to Matsumoto's decision, according to CNBC.
" 'The one person to blame for me being here today is me,' a choked-up Shkreli told a judge before she imposed the prison term. 'Not the government. There is no conspiracy to take down Martin Shkreli.' " 'I took down Martin Shkreli with my disgraceful and shameful actions.' " 'This is my fault. I am no victim here,' Shkreli said, before breaking down into tears as he promised not to let his lawyer Benjamin Brafman down in his efforts to contribute to society. " 'Do not feel bad for me,' Shkreli told a packed courtroom that included many of his supporters and family members. "And he had a message for the investors he duped: 'I am terribly sorry I lost your trust ... You deserve far better.' "
Shkreli emerged as a public villain in 2015 after raising the price of Daraprim by more than 5,000 percent, from $13.50 to $750 per pill as CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals. A later offer to pay $5,000 for a strand of Hillary Clinton's hair — follicle included — after his conviction when he was out on bail, did nothing to rehabilitate his image. In fact, Matsumoto sent him back to jail for the stunt that Shkreli later claimed was a joke.
In a letter to the judge dated Feb. 26, Shkreli wrote:
"I feel I should try to explain my personality. "I am an irreverant and free-wheeling individual, who has never been shy about speaking my mind. I am an individual who prizes equal rights, scholastic achievement and individuality. Please understand that when I get into a public war of words with someone, my comments do not always reflect my true nature. Sadly, when I get dragged into a mud fight, I often dive in, head first."
Shkreli has been held in a federal prison in Brooklyn, N.Y., for six months. He said being behind bars is "both the most frightening experience of my life but also an opportunity for me to see a side of the world seldom seen or discussed."
Spunky takes top prize in wiener dog races
SHERIDAN — A four-legged pooch named Spunky earned the title of the fastest wiener dog in town out of four categories and 30 contestants at the fifth annual wiener dog races.
Hosted by the Black Tooth Brewing Company and put on by Muddy Paw Prints Pet Supplies, the event was free and open to the public. Spunky earned herself a year's supply of dog food for surpassing the crowds of competition.
Muddy Paw Prints Pet Supplies is located behind Starbucks, but will be moving to North Main Street in mid-August. The business started the races five years ago.
Competition age levels included Bratwursts (dogs 6 years and older), Oscar Meyers (1- through 5-year-olds), Little Franks (dogs younger than 1 year old) and the mixed bag of Heinz 57 dogs who did not qualify as wiener dogs, but stood under 14 inches tall and were ready to race.
Bea Binene: Crouching Tigress
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Kapuso actress Bea Binene has always been into sports.
At a very young age, Bea has already mastered different forms of martial arts.
She says that her knowledge of martial arts will someday protect her from harm.
“I'm very active when it comes to sports. I know how to play football, volleyball, basketball and badminton. But my love for martial arts is something special.
“Bilang babae at napaka-petite ko pa, I need to know self-defense.
“Especially in our work, we meet different people every day, we travel to different places and work until the wee hours of the morning.
“It's best that we know how to defend ourselves from strangers who want to harm or hurt us.
“So far, wala pa namang nangyayaring masama sa akin.
“Maybe it's because they know that I know martial arts.
“Walang may gustong gumawa ng masama sa akin,” Bea laughs.
Among the many martial arts sports that Bea has learned, it's wushu that really got her most interested.
“I've been practicing wushu since I was ten.
“The sport gave me power and flexibility.
“I've become a more hardworking individual and I'm habitually prepared to face tough trials and extreme activities.
“I've used my knowledge of wushu in some of my TV roles that required me to do action scenes.
“In the new telefantasya that I'm going to be part of, wushu will play a big part in my character,” she says.
In 2010, Bea was awarded a bronze medal when she competed in the Chang Kuan Wushu National Competition.
In 2013, she was declared Wushu Ambassador by the Wushu Federation Philippines.
“I want other young people like me to get into martial arts, especially wushu.
“It's one way of getting into good shape and it can one day save your life,” she smiles.
Bea is seen regularly in the news magazine show, Good News on GMA News TV. She will soon be seen in the upcoming GMA-7 telefantasya “Mulawin Vs. Ravena”. (Ruel Mendoza)
Related
comments
Chelsea FC striker Diego Costa says he had wanted to leave the English Premier League club last summer.
Costa had joined the Blues for £32 million (about N16 billion) in 2014, and was understood to be close to a return to former club Atletico Madrid after a difficult 2015-16 campaign.
The Spain international has since scored 14 Premier League goals, as Chelsea have now taken an eight-point lead courtesy of 13 successive victories.
“Did I want to go? Yes, yes, I was about to leave. But not because of Chelsea,” said the 28-year-old.
“There was one thing I wanted to change for family reasons but it wasn't to be, and I continue to be happy here.”
Costa scored 20 goals in his first season in England, as Chelsea won the Premier League title under Jose Mourinho.
But he had netted only four more by the time Mourinho was sacked in December 2015, finishing the season with 12 before being heavily linked with a move.
Brazil-born Costa says he has also made a conscious effort to curb his aggressive nature on the pitch.
“I knew I had to improve that aspect, because here in the Premier League there is no mercy,” he said.
“A lot of the time it seemed [referees] were against me. If they're not going to change, I had to change.”
Chelsea will return to action against London rivals Tottenham on Wednesday.
Connecting mind and body is a big part of improving your overall health. We learn more about creating optimal energy circulation and balance through basic breathing exercises and dynamic meditation as we pay a visit to Body and Brain Yoga Tai-Chi.
MELBOURNE: Golf has clung slavishly to its centuries-old traditions and long ignored growing calls for reform but the ancient sport will be nudged gently towards modernity at the inaugural World Super 6 tournament in Australia this week.
The European Tour co-sanctioned event at Perth's Lake Karrinyup Country Club will ditch convention by deciding Sunday's winner in a final day matchplay shootout after three rounds of regular strokeplay.
The innovation will promise a more "punchy" finish for spectators and television audiences, organisers hope, as a full field whittled down to 24 players compete in pairs in six-hole playoffs until only one remains.
While more evolution than revolution, it's a tweak unprecedented on any of the world's major professional tours.
It also counted as a necessary experiment for a game that was struggling to lure a new generation of participants and fans in golf's mature markets, according to the Australian PGA Tour.
"The challenge for a lot of sport, and particularly for golf, is the demographic of the average golfer and golf fan is a bit older," PGA Australia's chief commercial officer Steve Ayles told Reuters on Wednesday.
"We're basically the number one sport for over-45s.
"This form of event certainly appeals to a younger demographic and certainly appeals to people who are time-poor.
"And we believe that this will be a great spectacle."
The Scottish city of Perth is renowned for its rich golf heritage, with King James IV having made the first recorded purchase of golf clubs from a local bowmaker there in 1502, but its Australian namesake is an unlikely launch-pad for reform.
With most of the world's top golfers competing at the US$7 million (6 million pound) Genesis Open on the PGA Tour, a modest field headlined by Swedish world number 11 Alex Noren and former British Open winner Louis Oosthuizen will battle in the AUS$1.75 million (US$1.34 million) event at Lake Karrinyup.
DECLINING PARTICIPATION
"I think it's great that we try new things and I think it's going to be exciting for the crowds and nice for the TV viewers too," Noren said.
"I think anything where the crowd experiences a new way for us to play the game is good. I think we should work out more ways to do this kind of thing."
The top 10 rankings are laden with 20-somethings, including Australian world number one Jason Day and Northern Ireland's second-ranked Rory McIlroy, but in the sport's traditional markets, fans and participants are ageing and thinning.
Australia, where huge crowds once flocked to local courses when favourite son Greg Norman was in his pomp, has battled to attract sponsors and fans to its marquee events in recent years, while struggling to arrest declining rates of participation.
Golf tourism fuelled by international visitors has taken up some of the slack for the embattled industry but scores of lower-profile private clubs have slashed fees to lure new members.
Australia has never wanted for a pioneering spirit, however, and local sports have gladly ditched tradition in a bid to innovate and open new markets.
The nation's domestic Twenty20 cricket competition, the 'Big Bash', has proved an outrageous success since its inaugural tournament in 2011-12, its glitzy mix of sport and entertainment drawing huge attendances and television audiences.
The national athletics federation has also attempted to foment revolution with the recent staging of the inaugural Nitro Series in Melbourne, where Usain Bolt and his 'All-Star' internationals competed against five nations in a team-based event held over three meetings.
Organisers promise a similarly relaxed and informal atmosphere at Lake Karrinyup, where there will be live music, DJs and a specially built 90-metre 'shootout hole' to act as a tie-breaker for pairs who halve their six-hole matchplay duels.
But with the tournament still dominated by conventional strokeplay over the opening three days, it will not be so revolutionary as to upset the silver-haired set.
"This tournament is not to say that strokeplay events aren't still popular," Ayles added. "They are immensely popular around the world. This really just provides an alternative.
"If all goes well, we would certainly consider expanding this across Australia and then potentially, Europe and Asia."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
The(AEDC) announced today that a Chinese company will invest $5 million to locate a new pet-treat facility in Danville. The company, Pet Won Pet Products, will create 70 new jobs at the 28,887-square-foot facility, according to ADEC. The facility was formerly home to Petit Jean Poultry.“Foreign-owned companies currently operate more than 230 facilities throughout the state and we anticipate that number will continue to grow,” said ADEC executive director Mike Preston in a press release. “Pet Won Pet Products' announcement of plans to locate their new operation in Arkansas will result in more interest from Chinese companies considering expanding into North America. This presents a great opportunity for the state to build on our current momentum.”The pet treats will be made from already-deboned chicken.
Authorities have identified the mother and son who died in a weekend house fire in Waterloo.
Waterloo Fire Rescue officials say the victims were 32-year-old Ashley Smith and her 9-year-old Jaykwon Sallis. According to a press release, autopsies determined that both victims died from injuries suffered in the fire. Smith and Sallis were among five people inside the two-story home at 536 Dawson Street when the fire broke around 6:30 a.m. on Sunday (April 22, 2018).
Officials said the other residents — a man, woman and girl — got out of the burning structure through an upstairs back window. The two females were taken to a local hospital for treatment. According to Waterloo Fire Chief Pat Treloar, firefighters found the front the house fully engulfed when they arrived at the scene. Treloar confirmed the bodies of Smith and Sallis were discovered inside the home after crews gained control of the blaze. Investigators are still trying to determine the cause of the fire.
(Reporting by Elwin Huffman, KOEL, Waterloo)
MEGHAN Markle and Prince Harry don't hold hands when the Queen is present – this is the surprising reason why.
Ever since Meghan Markle walked down the aisle, the British public have been transfixed on her every move. While some have asked why the former actress wears shoes that are too big, others have focused on her body language. But now there's another royal trait that has caused a stir.
GETTY TOUCHY SUBJECT: The royal pair are less intimate when the Queen is around
Meghan Markle watches Prince Harry play polo Royal newlywed Meg wowed in a Panama hat as she cheered on her new husband Harry 1 / 16 SplashNews.com Meghan Markle is spotted at Berkshire's Cowarth Park Polo Club
Previously, Meghan was criticised for trying to hold Prince Harry's hand in public. As the pair attending the Young Leaders Reception at Buckingham Palace, she was seen reaching for her husband's hand. Even though many rushed to the Duchess' defence, some argued that she had broken protocol. Apparently, it's not very royal to pile on the PDA.
GETTY HANDS ON: The pair are more touchy when the Queen isn't present
Body language expert Robin Kermode previously revealed why this is the case. Even though no specific rule bans touching in public, it's more of a “precedent” set by the Queen for the rest of the family to follow. He said: “The Queen rarely holds hands with her husband in public and this seems to have set an unwritten precedent for the other royals. “It is very clear that William and Kate are emotionally close, however, they do not seem to feel the need to prove their love – particularly when on official state business.”
Harry and Meghan aren't the only royal couple to flout this unspoken rule. Royal etiquette expert Myka Meier told PEOPLE that it all comes down to personal preference. She said: “We often see Prince Charles and The Duchess of Cornwall holding hands – it's all simply a matter of preference for each couple and is also likely dependent on the nature of the event they are attending. “A more serious engagement would warrant a more serious level of professionalism, which each royal is sure to follow.”
Moldova will not receive expected tranches of funding this year under a 100 million euro (£89.48 million) agreement with the European Union as it has not fulfilled the required conditions, Moldovan Prime Minister Pavel Filip said on Friday.
CHISINAU: Moldova will not receive expected tranches of funding this year under a 100 million euro (£89.48 million) agreement with the European Union as it has not fulfilled the required conditions, Moldovan Prime Minister Pavel Filip said on Friday.
In June, the European Union agreed to disburse 60 million euros in loans and 40 million euros of grants in 2017-18 to help the ex-Soviet nation stabilise its economy and to promote reform.
"We won't receive money in 2017, but we'll definitely receive it next year," Filip told journalists, explaining that Moldova had to fulfil 30 criteria to unlock the funding.
Finance Minister Octavian Armasu told Reuters the budget had foreseen Moldova receiving two tranches this year, but expressed confidence one would be disbursed in early 2018.
The EU has said a basic precondition for the financial assistance is a respect for democratic process and the rule of law.
Nevertheless Moldova this year introduced a new electoral law that a pan-European rights body ruled could make the system more susceptible to undue influence by vested interests.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Moldova's economy grew 4.1 percent last year, recovering from a contraction of 0.4 percent in 2015 due in part to an economic crisis in nearby Russia that hit exports and remittances from Moldovans working there.
The country, Europe's poorest, has also been rocked by a scandal that saw the equivalent of an eighth of its gross domestic product stolen from three of its largest banks between 2012-2014.
The World Bank and International Monetary Fund have forecast growth of between 4 and 4.5 percent in 2017.
(Reporting by Alexander Tanas; Writing by Alessandra Prentice; Editing by Toby Chopra)
World Cup quarter-finals guide: Who will progress to the last four in Russia? And what are some of the key player contests as the World
04/07/2018 01:10:00
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:46 Making peppermint candy
By Fred Pearce / The Guardian
It is just 50 years since the publication of Paul Ehrlich's book The Population Bomb galvanized the global discussion on overpopulation. Published in 1968, his million-selling Malthusian polemic suggested that over-breeding poor countries were killing the planet. And it began in a megacity: India's capital, Delhi.
On the first page, he wrote of a taxi ride “one stinking hot night in Delhi. We entered a crowded slum area. The streets seemed alive with people. People eating, people washing, people sleeping. People visiting, arguing and screaming. People thrusting their hands through the taxi window begging. People defecating and urinating. Since that night I've known the feel of overpopulation.”
But did he? Was he describing a city stretched beyond its limits, in a world similarly stretched? As the Australian demographer Jack Caldwell later pointed out, he could have seen as many people in similarly crowded conditions during any rush hour in London, Paris or New York.
“What he did see were poor non-Europeans,” Caldwell wrote.
This is the rub when we express fears about the teeming megacities of the developing world. Whether it is Delhi or Dhaka, the shanty towns of Nairobi or the favelas of Rio de Janeiro, are we just reacting badly to people different from us? Is there sometimes a tinge of racism in our environmental concerns?
Ehrlich was not wrong that cities matter hugely for the future of humanity. Our planet is crowded and half of us live in urban areas. That figure is predicted to rise to 66 percent by 2050. It is the giant urban areas of developing countries such as India that are experiencing most of the growth.
CITIES THE SOLUTION
Despite appearances, cities are not the cause of rising human numbers. In fact, they are the solution.
But are these megacities really the problem, or just the most visible manifestation of our crowded world? And, if they are a problem, is it the cities of the rich or the poor world that should concern us? Despite appearances, cities are not the cause of rising human numbers.
In fact, they are the solution. People in cities almost everywhere tend to have fewer children than their compatriots in rural areas. The average woman in Kenya has 4.3 children, whereas those living in the capital, Nairobi, have just 2.7. In India the average is 2.4 children, but in Delhi it's just 1.6 and in Mumbai 1.4. That's lower than London, where the average is 1.72.
This demographic divide between town and country is not so surprising. On a rural farm, children are handy for looking after the goats or helping with the harvest. In cities, they are expensive to feed and need educating before they can start earning.
Urban numbers are rising only because of the global rush of migrants from rural areas to the cities in search of jobs. Once there, they swiftly adopt small families as the norm. Anyone concerned about overpopulation should cheer them on.
Of course, that is not the whole story. While cities are defusing the population bomb, they are also creating a consumption bomb. Urbanites consume more stuff. Cities may house half the world's population, but they consume three-quarters of the materials we take from the planet — whether that's minerals or crops, timber or meat.
Cities are heavily dependent on the world beyond their limits. These hinterlands provide water, materials and food, as well as human resources such as commuters. One study found that London consumes almost 40 million tonnes of construction materials, 2.4 million tonnes of food, 2.2 million tonnes of paper, 2.1 million tonnes of plastic, 0.4 million tonnes of glass and 1.2 million tonnes of metal. Its citizens drink, shower and flush a billion tonnes of water. Meanwhile it disgorges 8 million tonnes of sewage and 4 million tonnes of household waste.
Led by sophomore guard Amanda Zdru's 18 points, the Bunnell High girls basketball team withstood a furious fourth comeback attempt by Stratford on Thursday night to post a 62-52 win over the Red Devils.
Trailing by as many as 14 points, 40-26, midway through the third quarter, Stratford was able to cut Bunnell's lead down to 51-48 when Abby Anka converted a pair of free throws with two minutes remaining.
The 3-13 Red Devils were never able to get it any closer, as the 4-12 Bulldogs converted 12 free-throw attempts in the final eight minutes.
Bunnell got 11 points from Hannah McLaughlin and 10 from Brianna Ramos.
Anka finished with 16 points for Stratford, while Cora Martonak added 14.
“Our kids were able to handle the pressure late in the game and make their free throws,” said Bunnell coach Cheri Eleazor. “We practice shooting free throws all the time. Tonight, it certainly paid off.”
Stratford
Sydney Ritchie 0. 2-2 2 Sam Perley 0 0-0. 0 Keryna Upchurch 3 0-1 6 Cora Martonak 4 5-8 14 Julia Torreso 2 1-4 6 Abby Anka 5 8-10 18 Maddie Perley 1 0-0 3 Kaylee Davidson 0 0-0 0 Serena Mbachiantum 2 1-3 5 Hayden Smith 1 0-0 2
Totals 17 17-28 53
Bunnell
Amanda Zdru 4 9-12 18 Hannah McLaughlin 5 0-1 11 Jasmine St. Claire 1 2-6 4 Maura Kelly 1 0-2 2 Ally Wright 2 1-2 7 Briana Ramos 4 2-4 10 Kristen Zach 2 0-0 4 Deanna Fuentes 1 0-0 3 Kelly Hylton 1 2-5 4
Totals 21 16-30 62
3 point field goals: Bunnell Zdru 1 Wright 2 Fuentes 1; Stratford Martonak 1 Torreso 1
Bunnell 17 13 14 18 62
Stratford 10 7 17 19 53
A Caledon-area man has been fined $1,750 for deer hunting offences in Peterborough County that occurred last November.
In provincial court on April 12, Jonathan Da Costa pleaded guilty to offences under the Fish and Wildlife Conservation Act. He was fined $1,250 for possessing a high-powered rifle but not carrying a valid deer licence.
READ MORE: Trio of Peterborough County hunters fined for bear hunting offences
Court heard that on November 19, Da Costa went hunting on a property in Douro-Dummer Township. A conservation officer met up Da Costa and discovered he was carrying a high-powered rifle while claiming to be hunting only small game.
“Da Costa did not possess a valid deer licence, which was required in order to possess the rifle during the open gun season for deer,” the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry stated.
Da Costa was fined an additional $500 for failing to wear hunter orange clothing while hunting at the time of the officer's inspection.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Penguins 5, Binghamton 4
Binghamton 1 2 1 — 4, W-B/Scranton 2 1 2 — 5
1st Period-1, W-B/Scranton, Kostopoulos 10 (Simon, Porter), 1:48. 2, W-B/Scranton, Kristo 2 (Guentzel, Pouliot), 2:32. 3, Binghamton, Rodewald 10 (Sieloff, Akeson), 14:47. Penalties-Kostka Bng (delay of game), 6:55.
2nd Period-4, Binghamton, Paul 4 (McCormick), 0:12. 5, Binghamton, Varone 7 (Harpur, Sieloff), 3:54. 6, W-B/Scranton, Sestito 4 (Warsofsky, Guentzel), 14:12. Penalties-Lepine Bng (hooking), 8:47; Sundqvist Wbs (holding), 10:33.
3rd Period-7, W-B/Scranton, Kristo 3 (Guentzel, Dea), 9:14. 8, W-B/Scranton, Haggerty 3 (Warsofsky, Sestito), 9:53. 9, Binghamton, Bailey 10 (Akeson, Rumble), 18:59 (PP). Penalties-Englund Bng (interference), 2:51; Kristo Wbs (tripping), 18:20.
Shots on Goal-Binghamton 13-11-13-37. W-B/Scranton 13-15-11-39.
Power Play Opportunities-Binghamton 1 / 2; W-B/Scranton 0 / 3.
Goalies-Binghamton, Driedger 7-4-1-1 (39 shots-34 saves). W-B/Scranton, Carr 0-0-0-0 (37 shots-33 saves).
A-5,953
Referees-Dave Lewis (46).
Linesmen-Kory Nagy (97), J.P. Waleski (14).
Three stars
1. Penguins RW Danny Kristo — two goals
2. Penguins LW Jake Guentzel — three assists
3. Penguins RW Tom Sestito — goal, assist
By the numbers
1 — D-man in the Atlantic Division with more points this season than David Warsofsky (26), who was not named to the 2017 AHL All-Star Classic.
Penguins lineup
F – Dominik Simon-Kevin Porter-Tom Kostopoulos
Garrett Wilson-Oskar Sundqvist-Josh Archibald
Jake Guentzel-Jean-Sebastien Dea-Danny Kristo
Tom Sestito-Teddy Blueger-Ryan Haggerty
D – Derrick Pouliot-Tim Erixon
David Warsofsky-Stuart Percy
Cameron Gaunce-Ethan Prow
G – Doug Carr
Casey DeSmith
Healthy scratches – Lukas Bengtsson, Barry Goers, Sahir Gill, Jarrett Burton, Pat McGrath
Injury report
Thomas Di Pauli (upper-body, out five-to-seven weeks), Carter Rowney (upper-body; week-to-week)
Hershey Bears
Scouting Report
When: 5 p.m., tonight
Where: Giant Center, Hershey
On the air: Nick Hart and Mike O'Brien will have the broadcast on 103.1 FM and 910, 930, 980 AM and on AHL Live at www.theAHL.com
About the Penguins: This will be the seventh of 12 scheduled meetings between the Penguins and Bears this season, and it marks the third game of a three-in-three for Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, which will also faced the Bears on Friday at home. ... The Penguins have gone 4-2-0-0 against Hershey, twice winning in overtime. … The last time the Pens played the Bears, Tom Sestito finished with two goals, an assist and a fight. … Jake Guentzel leads the entire AHL in goals (19), and leads all rookies in points (38). … Tom Kostopoulos is 10 points away from his 500th in the AHL.
About the Bears: Hershey (18-8-5-2) has gone 4-4-1-1 over its last 10 games and currently sits in fourth place in the Atlantic Division (43 points). … The Bears, who lost 5-1 loss to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton on Friday, have a potent offensive attack yet again his season. Their 3.45 goals per game ranks third in the AHL, while their defense ranks seventh (2.73 goals allowed per game). … Travis Boyd has recorded 30 points (10G-20A) this season, which ranks 14th in the AHL, while Chris Bourque's 29 (8G-21A) rank 20th. Both were named AHL All Stars on Thursday … Defenseman Tyler Lewington ranks first in the AHL with 85 PIM.
— Seth Lakso, Staff Writer
The federal government censored, withheld or said it couldn't find records sought by citizens, journalists and others more often last year than at any point in the past decade, according to an Associated Press analysis of new data.
The calculations cover eight months under President Donald Trump, the first hints about how his administration complies with the Freedom of Information Act.
The surge of people who sought records but ended up empty-handed was driven by the government saying more than ever it could not find a single page of requested files and asserting in other cases that it would be illegal under U.S. laws to release the information.
People who asked for records under the Freedom of Information Act received censored files or nothing in 78 percent of 823,222 requests, a record over the past decade. When it provided no records, the government said it could find no information related to the request in a little over half those cases.
It turned over everything requested in roughly one of every five FOIA requests, according to the AP analysis.
Records requests can take months — even years — to get fulfilled. Even then, the government censored documents in nearly two-thirds of cases when it turned over anything.
The federal government also spent $40.6 million last year in legal fees defending its decisions to withhold federal files, also a record. That included the time when a U.S. judge ruled against the AP and other news organizations asking for details about who and how much the FBI paid to unlock the iPhone used by a gunman in a mass shooting in San Bernardino. When the government loses in court, it sometimes must pay the winner's attorney's fees. For example, the New York Times was awarded $51,910 from the CIA in May in a fight over records about chemical weapons in Iraq.
It was impossible, based on the government's own accounting, to determine whether researchers, journalists and others asked for records that did not actually exist or whether federal employees did not search hard enough before giving up. The government said it found nothing 180,924 times, an 18 percent increase over the previous year.
"Federal agencies are failing to take advantage of modern technology to store, locate and produce records in response to FOIA requests, and the public is losing out as a result," said Adam A. Marshall, the Knight Foundation litigation attorney at the Washington-based Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press.
He said citizens and others should try to precisely describe how they want filings cabinets, hard drives or email accounts searched, but "you shouldn't have to be an expert in records management just to submit a FOIA."
In other cases, the times the government said it would be illegal under other U.S. laws to release requested information nearly doubled to 63,749. Those laws include broad prohibitions against revealing details about U.S. intelligence activities or foreign governments, trade secrets, individual banking or tax records and more.
Many of those requests probably involved files related to the U.S. investigation into how Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election or the related grand jury investigations or about Trump's personal or business tax returns, said Kel McClanahan, a Washington lawyer who frequently sues the U.S. government for records. "How many people do you think asked for Trump's tax returns?" he asked.
A disturbing trend continued: In more than one-in-three cases, the government reversed itself when challenged and acknowledged that it had improperly tried to withhold pages. But people filed such appeals only 14,713 times, or about 4.3 percent of cases in which the government said it found records but held back some or all of the material.
The Trump administration, in a new report last week, noted that it received a record number of information requests last year. It said many agencies reduced their backlogs of overdue requests.
The administration also said it was directing federal agencies to improve the number of requests they process and do some more quickly.
Performance under the records law by the Trump administration has been a source of curiosity, since Trump has eschewed some of the common conventions of transparency. For example, the president has declined to release his personal tax returns or logs of official visitors to the White House, and ethics waivers granted to many of Trump's political appointees do not include details about their former or current corporate clients.
But Trump is personally more accessible to reporters asking questions than President Barack Obama, and he released as many details about his medical records as previous presidents.
The Freedom of Information Act figures, released Friday, cover the actions of 116 departments and agencies during the fiscal 2017, which ended Sept. 30. The highest number of requests went to the departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Defense, Health and Human Services, and Agriculture, along with the National Archives and Records Administration and Veterans Administration.
The administration released its figures ahead of Sunshine Week, when news organizations promote open government and freedom of information.
Under the records law, citizens and foreigners can compel the U.S. government to turn over copies of federal records for no or little cost. Anyone who seeks information through the law is generally supposed to get it unless disclosure would hurt national security, violate personal privacy, or expose business secrets or confidential decision-making in certain areas.
For Lalit Bisht, buying Roadster jeans and T-shirts off Myntra, Flipkart's fashion operation is a no-brainer. It may take a week to deliver clothes to Bisht's small hometown in Uttarakhand, but the wait is worth it.
“The fit is perfect and the price is just about right. It's a value-for-money brand,” said 32-year-old Bisht, a government worker who lives in Haldwani, which had a population of just over 3,60,000 at the time of the last census in 2011. It is a place where options for good quality, affordable apparel are mostly lacking.
Bisht's purchases of at least 20 Roadster items from Myntra are symptomatic of the appeal of private label brands for tens of millions of aspirational Indian shoppers looking for low-cost alternatives for everything from clothes to smartphones. These are people who may want to look hip and cool but can rarely afford to splurge on the big global brand names.
And with Walmart now taking on Amazon Inc in India with its $16 billion purchase of the homegrown online retailer Flipkart, India's e-commerce wars are likely to pivot more toward private label brands.
Up until now, the battle has more often been fought through flash sales of discounted electronics but the losses in that game are unsustainably large.
Both Flipkart and Amazon have been burning through cash to offer those discounts and a bigger push into private labels could help them make money as they control the pricing, marketing and supply chain of these brands, say analysts.
With nearly 500 million Indians using the internet in 2018 and many just dipping their toes into online shopping, private labels will woo price-sensitive customers and create loyalty and higher margins, say retail analysts.
For example, Roadster jeans for women on Myntra that start at 389 rupees ($5.73), could lure many more buyers than the cheapest Levi's for women that begin at about Rs 1,999 on the denim brand's Indian website.
A Billion Brand
Last year, Flipkart launched its private brand A Billion which sells everything from T-shirts to air conditioners. It also owns electronics brand MarQ and furniture label Perfect Homes. Myntra's private brand portfolio, which comprises 13 labels, is profitable.
Amazon too has been slowly pushing into private labels in India. Its portfolio includes its global AmazonBasics brand that sells everything from headphones to stationery; Solimo for dry fruits and bed sheets, women's ethnic-wear brand Myx, men's clothing brand Symbol, and a low-cost smartphone brand 10.or.
“The role of private brands for us is to fill in specific need gaps that are not being serviced,” Amazon India head Amit Agarwal told Reuters in an interview last month. “We'll keep looking for these opportunities.”
And although Amazon says making money in India is years away, Arun Sirdeshmukh, the head of its fashion business in India told Reuters last month that private brands will help it embark on “an overall long-term profitability journey.”
One supplier, who asked not to be named, said retailers typically price the shoes he sells at three or four times the factory gate cost, indicating how much potential there is for the private brands to price competitively and still make a profit.
Others see opportunities for Flipkart and Amazon to take some of these Indian private label brands overseas.
Following the deal, Flipkart's co-founder Binny Bansal said a lot of the private brands it has created will be very popular with the Indian diaspora in the countries where Walmart operates. “That's something we'll be looking at,” he said.
Sources familiar with Walmart's plans say private labels will be a key focus for the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer in India, an e-commerce market forecast by Morgan Stanley to grow to an annual $200 billion in a decade.
Walmart's fashion brands, with clothes priced from $5 to $30 an item, could also be a hit with Indian shoppers, including labels like women's apparel brands Time and Tru, men's clothing brand George and kids label Wonder Nation, say analysts.
“The US private label for Walmart has always been an entry price, it tends to be at the lower end of the pricing spectrum, I think that's how it will probably work in India as well,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of consultancy GlobalData Retail.
Road to Profit
Bengaluru-based Flipkart, founded in 2007 by two former Amazon employees, has grown to become India's top e-commerce firm, thanks, in part, to the exclusive launches of electronics with deep discounts.
Flash sales of smartphones or TVs, typically exclusive to one online retailer, create hype around a brand and help move inventory, but hit profitability - making them a bad long-term bet, analysts warn.
Flipkart reported a net loss of 87.71 billion Indian rupees in the year to March 2017. Amazon's international operating loss grew 29 percent to $622 million in the first quarter, partly due to its expansion push in India, where it has pledged a $5 billion investment.
Sources say Walmart could expedite Flipkart's push into private brands and help develop new brands to differentiate and counter Amazon, whose Prime loyalty programme is growing faster in India than in any other part of the world.
Nelson Mandela once said, “Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” As an organization that believes learning transforms lives and strengthens communities, we couldn't agree more. It is our mission to make education accessible, a goal that is made increasingly possible through the work of the Johnson County Community College Foundation.
The Foundation, which serves as the fundraising arm of JCCC, provides funding for student and college needs. Since it was established in 1971, the Foundation has made great strides in making higher education available, developing community relationships, and promoting cultural activities to enrich JCCC and Johnson County.
Get to Know the JCCC Foundation
The Foundation's positive influence extends to multiple parts of campus, giving students and programs the ability to achieve their goals and find success. Here are just few areas the Foundation focuses on:
Student Scholarships: From tuition to supplies and transportation to childcare, it can be challenging for many students to find the resources to attend college. Enter student scholarships. The Foundation raises funds every year for scholarships, which make college possible for 1,100 students per year at JCCC.
College Programs and Initiatives: An important component of the Foundation's mission is to identify and develop partnerships that provide financial support to JCCC programs and initiatives. In recent years the Foundation has facilitated the College's Healthcare Simulation Lab, International Service Learning Projects and the Children's Garden, just to name a few.
Additionally, The Foundation supports the Carlsen Center and the Nerman Museum of Contemporary Art.
Recent Accomplishments
As you might know, JCCC is embarking on a journey to transform our campus. This initiative would not be possible without the diligence of the Foundation, and the generosity of our community.
In addition to the $10 million donation we received from the Sunderland Foundation to kick off our transformation project, the College has been given $2 million from Hugh L. Libby, a local entrepreneur who owned Libby Corporation. The gift will be used to help construct a new career and technical education building.
Libby hopes his donation to JCCC will extend his values of pride in a job well done to the next generation of technicians and craftsmen.
Join Libby in supporting students at JCCC this season. To learn more about the JCCC Foundation and to discover opportunities for year-end giving, visit http://www.jccc.edu/foundation/.
By Liam Gibson / Staff reporter
Many eateries suffer from the curse of whitewashed walls. Stripped of color and pattern, they lack even the faintest hint of design, and with the help of a pair of tasteless white florescent tube lights hanging overhead, evoke the monotony of office, school and hospital walls around the nation. The interiors of vegetarian restaurants seem particularly prone to this pigment deficiency, which makes walking into Hong De Vegetarian (泓德素食) on Nanchang Road (南昌路) feel like a breath of fresh air.
A flower theme begins as soon as you enter the restaurant with a lotus outline on the entry door, and continues on canvases that line the walls inside. The painted petal's bright reds and yellows stand out brilliantly against the soothing greyish teal walls, each composition is framed in a handsome thick bronze frame. Soft, focused beams shine down on each artwork from stylish track lights mounted on the ceiling.
You may be forgiven for mistaking it for a small art gallery, but it is this aesthetic approach that has set the Fan (范) family's restaurant apart for so long. With Mum and Dad at the helm and the five grown children (four sons, one daughter) all doing their bit, it's a family affair that's been running in the same location for fifteen years — no mean feat for that part of town.
I've only just sat down and I'm already at ease.
Thankfully, the aesthetic experience doesn't stop at the interior features.
The petals of the daylilies (金針花) are a sunny yellow rimmed with orange that contrast beautifully with the greens of the sweet potato leaves. Floating atop the Daylily Ramen (金萱美人拉麵, NT$90), they provide brilliant strokes of color against the whites of snow fungus, bamboo shoot and noodles that lye deeper in the broth below.
Hongde Vegetarian Address:163 Nanchang Rd, Sec 2, Taipei City, 100 (台北市南昌路二段163號) Telephone:(02) 2367-2320 Open:11:30 am to 2:30pm and 5:00pm to 8:30pm Mondays to Saturdays Average meal: NT$100 Details:Cash only, menu in Chinese On the Net:www.facebook.com/pages/ 泓得素食店
The magic to the dish is it's subtlety and balance. All the ingredients are carefully composed and compliment each other effectively. The broth is clear and light with a mushroom-based vege stock that gives the soup it's foundational savory flavor. The shoot pieces are peeled, removing the sharp acerbic bite that the skin of bamboo often brings, while retaining their pleasant slight crunchiness. The snow fungus is rather plain, but it's unique jelly-like texture make it fun to chew. The daylilies, when taken with the broth alone, give a subtle sweet aftertaste that is reminiscent of some floral teas. The sweet potato leaves are fresh and well prepared and have no trace of the bitterness they often give off when overcooked. The ginger, while adding it's characteristic zing, is toned down and certainly not overpowering. Unfortunately the noodles themselves lacked chewiness and were a little limp. Overall, it's a hearty balanced dish that's both filling and nourishing.
The veg-minced pork rice's (NT$30) faux-mince meat topping is dark and juicy. It's flavor is reminiscent of braised meat dishes so common in Chinese cooking, but it also contains pickled green vegetables which add bite, not unlike peppers in taco mince. The white rice is speckled with some light brown grains. The proportion of mince to rice is just right so that you can mix the sauce throughout the rice evenly.
A small glass display cabinet perched next to the counter contains several cold dishes, each for NT$30. I pick fried eggplant with Thai basil. Well-cooked in the classic combo of soy sauce-vinegar, the flesh of the eggplant is mushy, the skin tender and slightly chewy. Balance is again seen in the proportions of this dish, the eggplant pieces are exactly the same size and shape, as are the basil leaves, creating a pleasing consistency.
Hundreds of parents across the country are calling on President Donald Trump to embrace Obama-era protections for transgender students.
In a letter, sent to the president by the Human Rights Campaign late Tuesday, more than 780 parents stress that “all students deserve equal access to a safe, welcoming school and a high quality education no matter who they are.”
The call follows a decision by the Trump administration last week to abandon a defence of the guidelines issued by the Obama administration, which call for schools to let students use bathrooms according to their gender identity.
Parents of transgender students say that revoking that right amounts to discrimination. Conservative activists firmly oppose the idea, saying it endangers the privacy and safety of other students.
- Fabian Delph is heading back to Russia after his wife gives birth to daughter
- The midfielder was granted permission by England boss Gareth Southgate to attend the birth
- Delph missed out of England's' last-16 victory over Colombia in their first ever penalty shootout
England's midfielder Fabian Delph is heading back to Russia from the United Kingdom to join teammates after his wife was successfully delivered of their third child.
The Manchester City ace was granted by Three Lions boss, Gareth Southgate to return to home and be with his wife as the England manager stressing that family was “more important” than the ongoing global football fiesta in Russia.
READ ALSO: Liverpool preparing a deal for Colombia defender Yerry Mina
The former Villa player took to his Instagram account to reveal that his wife, Natalie gave birth to a daughter at 7.52am - to siblings Sophia and Aleya.
PAY ATTENTION: Click on link to get World Cup fixtures on NAIJ.com
"I've just experienced the most amazing 24 hours," Delph penned on his official Instagram.
"Watching my brothers come through a tough game both mentally and physically, I kicked every ball and felt every bit of emotion with the players, staff and fans.
PAY ATTENTION: Click on link to get World Cup results and standings on NAIJ.com
"At 07:52 Me my wife and 2 beautiful daughters welcomed there baby sister into the world.
"I can't put into words the happiness and gratitude I'm feeling... Back to Russia now."
Interestingly, Delph missed out of Three Lions' last-16 victory over Colombia in their first ever penalty shootout in the Mundial after Harry Kane and Yerry Mina scored in regulation time.
PAY ATTENTION: Become a member of the leading sports Facebook group 'Naija Football Fan Zone'
Meanwhile, NAIJ.com previously had reported that Delph returned to the UK after leaving the England's World Cup base in Russia ahead of his wife giving birth.
The Manchester City player was in action from the start in England's narrow loss to Belgium's Red Devils on Thursday night in Kaliningrad and left for England to be beside his partner Natalie.
Leo Messi at 31: What Is Really Happening In The Player's Life Right Now | Naij.com TV
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
AP, WASHINGTON
US President Donald Trump's administration imposed sanctions against Venezuelan Vice President Tareck El Aissami on Monday, accusing him of playing a major role in international drug trafficking.
The executive decree, the result of a years-long investigation, is bound to ratchet up tensions between the new Republican administration and the US' harshest critic in Latin America.
El Aissami is the most senior Venezuelan official to ever be targeted by the US.
The US Department of the Treasury also sanctioned Samark Lopez, a wealthy Venezuelan businessman the US described as El Aissami's primary frontman laundering proceeds through a network of companies in several nations.
As part of the action, 13 companies owned or controlled by Lopez, including five in Florida, are to be blocked and both men are to be barred from entering the US.
Several real-estate holdings in the Miami area tied to Lopez and worth tens of millions of US dollars were also blocked.
There was no immediate reaction from the Venezuelan government or El Aissami, who has long denied any criminal ties.
Lopez released a statement calling the actions baseless and “politically motivated.”
The US Department of Justice said there were no pending criminal charges against the two men.
The sanctions came a week after a bipartisan group of 34 US lawmakers sent a letter to Trump urging him to step up pressure on Venezuela's socialist government by thoroughly investigating El Aissami and immediately sanctioning top officials responsible for corruption and human rights abuses, including ones mentioned in an Associated Press investigation on corruption in food distribution and sales.
In the wake of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's bloody crackdown on anti-government protests in 2014, the US Congress passed legislation authorizing the US president to freeze the assets and ban visas for anyone accused of carrying out acts of violence or violating the human rights of those opposing Venezuela's government, but Monday's sanctions were imposed under rules passed during former US president Bill Clinton's administration allowing the US to go after the assets of anyone designated a drug kingpin.
El Aissami, 42, has been the target of US law enforcement investigation for years, stemming from his days as Venezuelan minister of the interior when dozens of fraudulent Venezuelan passports ended up in the hands of people from the Middle East, including alleged members of Hezbollah.
Venezuela's top convicted drug trafficker, Walid Makled, before being sent back from Colombia in 2011, said he paid bribes through El Aissami's brother to officials so they would turn a blind eye to cocaine shipments that have proliferated from Venezuelan ports and airports during the past two decades of socialist rule.
The action on Monday made no mention of any ties to Hezbollah, but said El Aissami had worked with drug traffickers in Mexico and Colombia to oversee multiple US-bound cocaine shipments from Venezuela of more than 1,000kg.
Maloumian to move sales division to Florida; rug cleaning operation to remain in Philadelphia.
The Maloumian Oriental Rugs 90-year tradition of selling the highest quality Oriental rugs in the Philadelphia area is about to end in the next few months. Roy Maloumian, president of Maloumian Oriental Rugs, announced this morning that the Mt. Airy store is closing and is re-locating to multiple locations in Florida.
“I am beyond grateful that three generations of my family have had the privilege of serving customers in our area for nearly a century,” Maloumian said. “While I am saddened that this chapter is closing in my family's history, we look forward to continuing to serve our customers through our rug cleaning business. It is so special to clean a rug my grandfather sold a customer's family decades ago. Oriental rugs become family heirlooms, and my family has been proud to have sold and cared for them for generations.”
Garabed Maloumian immigrated to Philadelphia from Turkey in 1927. After settling in Germantown, the Maloumians opened their first Oriental Rug cleaning plant in Germantown. Their first retail store was so small that when they received overseas shipments of rugs they had to process the shipments, open and tag on the sidewalk in front of the store. From these humble beginnings, Maloumian Oriental Rugs has steadily grown, culminating with 15 showrooms in five states.
“While I am proud of our growth, Philadelphia has and always will be our home. Philadelphia is where my family immigrated to, where we opened our first storefront, and where we raised our family”, said Maloumian. “It is truly bittersweet to close our showroom in the city of Brotherly Love,” he added.
Maloumian Oriental Rugs will now be located in seven Robb and Stucky International luxury home furnishing stores in Florida. Since 2016, Maloumian's extensive rug selection has been available in Robb and Stucky stores in Naples, Ft. Myers, Sarasota and Coral Gables. The Maloumian sales division will expand to additional Robb and Stucky locations in Boca Raton in 2017 and in Miami and Palm Beach in 2018.
For more information about this announcement, the company's oriental rug repair in Wayne, PA or their oriental rug cleaning in Wayne, PA, contact Roy Maloumian at 215-375-7760. Maloumian Oriental Rugs is located at 231 West Mt. Pleasant Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19119 (just south of Chestnut Hill).
For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13952268.htm
REUTERS: Liverpool must not dwell on their woeful start to 2017 but instead use it as motivation to turn their faltering season around, forward Sadio Mane has said.
The Merseyside club's Premier League victory over Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday not only marked their first league win of the year but was also just their second victory in 11 games.
"It's too early to speak about what's going to happen but the confidence is back in this team now," Mane told British media. "We have a team with great qualities. What happened has happened."
Liverpool's title bid has collapsed in recent weeks as their poor form has dropped them to fifth, 11 points behind Chelsea after 25 games.
"We can't change that but the motivation is there to keep improving and get whatever we can from the rest of the season. This kind of moments can happen in a season," added Mane.
"We had three or four difficult weeks but we are out of that now. We have to take it game by game and try to win every game between now and the end of the season.
"We have time to rest and time to train so we need to use that."
Liverpool, who will have a five-day training camp in Spain, travel to 17th-placed Leicester City on Feb. 27.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
DENVER, Colo. - The holiday season may have brought more cheer, but for many it also brought more debt. Shoppers added an average of about $1,000 in debt over the holidays. That's up about 2 percent from last year according to Magnify Money. And most people didn't plan on it.
"I didn't spend any more than usual but it's still a lot. It's always a lot.," says shopper Valeri Meyers.
She admits the holiday spending plan doesn't always turn out as intended.
"I try to stick to like the debit card with using what I've got but inevitably the credit cards come out," Meyers says.
Researchers at Georgetown and other universities found the secret to paying off those credit card bills may be focus. They found people who targeted paying off one of several accounts were more successful than those who spread out repayments across their cards.
Researchers also found people feel a bigger sense of accomplishment when they pay off a more significant portion of their balance, meaning it's not about how much you repay, but how much of the balance is left.
"I try to pay more than the minimum balance or the minimum required," Meyers says. "So I try to do double what they're asking for the minimum and it pays it off a little bit faster."
Experts say if your credit cards have similar interest rates, pay down the ones with the smallest balances first. Also, consider a balance transfer card. You can often get a zero percent introductory annual percentage rate. Although there is a fee, it could work well if you can pay down the transferred balance each month before the rate expires.
Still, experts say this shopper's approach may be best.
"I use my credit cards as convenience but I pay off the bills right away," Andy Klein says.
But if you can't, have a plan.
To avoid credit card debt in the first place, research from the Urban Institute says using cash instead of plastic for small purchases can really make a difference. A charge card can add about 20 percent to an item's total cost because of interest.
By Jessa Schroeder For Dailymail.com
Published: 23:11 EDT, 3 July 2018 | Updated: 08:17 EDT, 4 July 2018
SeaWorld has agreed to a $11.5million settlement with customers who purchased annual theme park passes that were allegedly renewed automatically without their permission.
A class-action lawsuit filed Friday in the Tampa U.S. District Court by five individuals claims the amusement and attraction company also failed to refund them for the unsolicited pass renewals.
According to the Orlando Sentinel, up to 131,650 people who purchased the theme park passes in California, Florida, Texas and Virginia may be eligible for refunds as part of the multi-million dollar lawsuit.
The sign at the entrance to SeaWorld February 24, 2010 in Orlando, Florida is seen. SeaWorld agreed to a $11.5million settlement with customers who purchased annual theme park passes that were allegedly renewed without permission
The Orlando-based theme park company did not admit to any of the alleged contract violations, but agreed to the settlement as way to avoid further trial
Court documents claim that, as of February, pass holders as a whole paid $17.3million more than their initial yearly contract.
Customers were informed the following when they signed up for the passes as part of the EZ Pay system: 'Except for any passes paid in less than 12 months, this contract will renew automatically on a month-to-month basis following the payment period,' the lawsuit claims.
The lawsuit alleges the company, however, automatically renewed the contract for customers who submitted all the required 12 monthly payments.
Up to 131,650 people who purchased the theme park passes in California, Florida, Texas and Virginia may be eligible for refunds
Court documents claim that, as of February, pass holders paid $17.3million more than their initial yearly contract
Those eligible for refunds include anyone who bought a one-year pass via the EZ Pay system in the the four states with the below description included.
The suit states that those eligible are 'residents of the state where the park is located at the time of purchase; who purchased the pass within the Applicable Statute of Limitations Period for the respective states.'
It furthermore states those eligible are anyone 'who paid for their one-year pass in less than 12 months; and who were charged any additional monthly payments for renewal of the pass after the one-year pass was paid in full.'
The Orlando-based theme park company did not admit to any of the alleged contract violations, but agreed to the settlement as way to avoid trial.
AP, CLEVELAND, Ohio
Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig on Tuesday made an obscene gesture at Cleveland Indians fans after hitting a home run in their American League game.
After crossing home plate following his second-inning drive, Puig raised both middle fingers in the direction of fans seated in the dugout suites located on field level at Progressive Field.
Puig was booed for the remainder of the game.
Puig said he was heckled in the on-deck circle, which is directly in front of the choice seats.
“People were talking to me before the home run and they talked to me after the home run,” Puig said through a translator. “I stooped to their level. It happened suddenly. It came out. There's nothing I can do about it. There were about four of them. They were pretty close there.”
Puig realizes he could face a fine from Major League Baseball for his actions.
“If I get fined, I can't pay it. I know I did it,” he said.
Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said he did not see the gesture and asked jokingly: “Are you sure it wasn't No. 1 he was signaling?”
Puig went two for four with a strikeout in Los Angeles' 7-5 victory over the Indians.
Will NoKor's Kim pull the trigger? Possible signs to watch
1 SHARES Share Tweet
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) – Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare suddenly and fade almost as quickly – but the latest escalation won't likely go away quite so easily.
Events closer to home, including deadly violence at a white nationalist rally in Virginia, could demand more of President Donald Trump's attention in the days ahead and cut into the volume and frequency of his fiery North Korea rhetoric.
But North Korea has yet to back away from its biggest threat: a plan to lob missiles toward US military bases on the island of Guam that Pyongyang says should be ready for leader Kim Jong-un to review anytime now.
Will it all stop there?
Or, despite the extremely high risks, will Kim really give the go order? And, regardless of what Kim does or doesn't do, will the tough-talking Trump feel compelled to take matters into his own hands?
Unpredictable as the situation is, some potential flashpoints to watch for:
BOMBER FLIGHTS
This could be the biggest trigger.
North Korea says it was compelled to put the Guam plan together because it feels threatened by a squadron of B-1B bombers on the island that the U.S. has increasingly sent to fly in Korean airspace in symbolic shows of force during times of particular tension.
But that may be only a pretense.
North Korea is certainly sensitive to the bombers, which could cause a lot of devastation if a war did start. But it also might just want an excuse to fully test the capabilities of its new Hwasong-12 intermediate-range missiles.
Either way, it's a cagey tactic: If Trump orders the B-1Bs to stay on the ground, Pyongyang can claim victory. If he orders them to fly, North Korea has its excuse to launch. If, of course, that's what it really wants to do – Pyongyang wisely left itself a lot of wiggle room and hasn't committed itself one way or the other.
LIBERATION DAY
Aug. 15 is the anniversary of the end of World War II in 1945 and the Korean Peninsula's liberation from Japanese colonial rule.
Pyongyang likes to use big anniversaries to make high-profile statements with military activity or political provocations. It launched its first intercontinental ballistic missile, for example, on July 4 – Independence Day in the United States.
This week's World War II anniversary isn't linked so closely to veneration of North Korea's ruling Kim family, the primary days for demonstrating national power. But it's a natio nal holiday just the same and could be an opportune moment for the North to make some kind of move.
So far, however, there haven't been any telltale signs of anything brewing in Pyongyang. The day could just be marked with small celebrations and the distribution of free treats – or maybe more rhetoric about the Guam missile plan.
WAR GAMES
This is another likely trigger, if Pyongyang is going to actually do anything.
Tens of thousands of US and South Korean troops are expected to kick off the annual Ulchi-Freedom Guardian military exercises on Aug. 21. North Korea sees these exercises and larger ones held every spring as a rehearsal for invasion.
Getting Washington to halt them has long been one of Pyongyang's key demands, and it regularly stirs the pot around the time they're held.
Related
comments
Despite winning the Premier League at a canter last season, City have struggled to land their top targets in the transfer market.
Deals for Leicester's Riyad Mahrez and Jorginho of Napoli have proven tricky to get over the line.
But Pep Guardiola now looks set to get his men.
The Mirror report that both deals are very close to completion with the midfielder pair set to have their medicals this week.
City will pay Leicester an initial £60m for Algerian star Mahrez with a host of add-ons and extras.
Bank of America Corp Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter markets revenue from sales and trading will likely be flat compared with a year earlier, depending on what happens in June.
NEW YORK: Bank of America Corp Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter markets revenue from sales and trading will likely be flat compared with a year earlier, depending on what happens in June.
Speaking at an investor conference on Wednesday, Moynihan also said the bank will continue to benefit from using share buybacks to dispose of excess capital because its stock "is still cheap."
Advertisement
(Reporting by David Henry and Imani Moise in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Jug Bay Wetlands Sanctuary will expand its amenities with Saturday's grand opening of the Nature Preserve at Waysons Corner — a 30-acre parcel in Lothian where a big-box retail store had once been proposed.
“Waysons Corner is perhaps the most rural part of the county — and it's a gem,” said Albert Tucker, a Pindell resident who is immediate past president of the volunteer Friends of Jug Bay and a current board member.
“Citizens saw a need to provide a recreational opportunity that is more like a conventional park for the underserved population here,” he said of the densely forested parcel, just north of Maryland Route 4.
Algerina Perna / Baltimore Sun Inside the Nature Preserve at Waysons Corner. Inside the Nature Preserve at Waysons Corner. (Algerina Perna / Baltimore Sun)
The public is invited to a grand opening celebration Saturday from 10 a.m. to noon. The event will include a guided hike of the one-mile trail the encircles the preserve, which is also home to a children's play area. Light refreshments will be served.
In 2008, the state Board of Public Works approved $5.75 million toward the purchase of 30 acres for the nature preserve, which is located between Sands Road and Southern Maryland Boulevard.
The area is the newest addition to Jug Bay Wetlands Sanctuary, which was established in 1985 and is operated by the county's Department of Recreation and Parks. The new preserve joins the sanctuary itself, the Parris N. Glendening Nature Preserve, Patuxent Wetlands Park and Wootons Landing Wetlands Park.
The sanctuary consists of 1,700 acres of open water, tidal freshwater marshes, forested wetlands, upland and riparian forest, creeks, meadows, pine and sand barrens, and fields along the Patuxent River.
Algerina Perna / Baltimore Sun At the Nature Discovery Place. those working on the project are, from left: Melinda Fegler, stewardship coordinator; Diane Benedetti, outreach coordinator; Shelby Cross, Nature Discovery Place designer; Liana Vitali, education coordinator. At the Nature Discovery Place. those working on the project are, from left: Melinda Fegler, stewardship coordinator; Diane Benedetti, outreach coordinator; Shelby Cross, Nature Discovery Place designer; Liana Vitali, education coordinator. (Algerina Perna / Baltimore Sun)
The Waysons Corner preserve includes a children's play area called Nature Discovery Place. Recycled tires were used to help create the play space, and it also features an oversized bird's nest, a sunken canoe and wooden bridges. A bamboo xylophone — oriented vertically instead of horizontally — can be played with wooden mallets.
“We owe all of this to Shelby Cross, since it was her brainchild,” said Liana Vitali, education coordinator and staff naturalist.
Cross is a Chesapeake Conservation Corps member whose services were provided at no cost to the county by the Chesapeake Bay Trust.
“It was Shelby's blood, sweat and tears that made this possible and she was incredibly resourceful,” she said.
Cross applied for a $1,250 grant from the trust to develop Nature Discovery Place. That was supplemented by a donation of $250 from the Friends of Jug Bay, Vitali said. She also praised volunteers who put in 150 hours performing such tasks as bushwhacking weeds, cleaning up trash and blazing the trail.
Outside of the purchase price, “the project's cost to the county was negligible since the community really takes ownership here,” she said.
Discovery Place features are all made from reused, recycled or natural materials, which Vitali said is fitting since the area was once used as a dumping ground.
A huge tractor tire and other large tires are buried halfway into the ground for stability, allowing children to climb on them. The same goes for a 10-foot aluminum canoe that's been partially sunk into the ground.
Visitors can tap out a melody on the xylophone made of bamboo stalks of varying sizes. A small picnic area with four tables is located nearby.
Vitali speculated that the 4-foot-wide bird's nest — made from grapevine found along the trail — will be popular with all ages, saying with a laugh, “I'm 35 and even I like playing in it.”
Tucker said that over the years a number of proposals were targeted for this area, including a gravel pit and a nursing home, but the community banded together to oppose development they felt would spoil the rural nature of the community.
“There is no demand down here for big-box retailers,” Tucker said of a defeated proposal by Minneapolis-based Target Corp. to build a store on the land. “It's the desire of the community to remain rural.”
Over the years, several families have contributed land to augment the sanctuary's acreage, Tucker noted.
“After the first parcel of Jug Bay was purchased, each of the subsequent acquisitions were driven by citizen input,” he said. “Neighborhood commitment has made the whole area what it is.”
Visitors attending Saturday's grand opening may park at 5490 Sands Road or 5481 Southern Maryland Blvd. For more information, go to jugbay.org or call 410-741-9330.
WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump on Tuesday (Apr 24) called on North Korea to abandon its nuclear programme, ahead of an expected summit with the North's leader Kim Jong-un.
Earlier, the US leader - who spent the day in talks with French President Emmanuel Macron - had described Kim as "very open" and "very honorable" - his most positive comments yet about a man he once publicly belittled.
But when pressed about what he hoped to gain from Pyongyang, the 71-year-old Republican president was blunt.
"Meetings are being set up, and I want to see denuclearisation of North Korea," Trump told reporters.
Asked to explain what he means by denuclearisation, Trump replied: "It means they get rid of their nukes - very simple."
"It would be very easy for me to make a simple deal and claim victory. I don't want to do that. I want them to get rid of their nukes."
Advertisement
Advertisement
While Trump has repeatedly referred to North Korea's denuclearisation, Pyongyang however consistently defines the term as "denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula" - code for the removal of America's military presence in the South, a condition Washington is unlikely to accept.
Amid preparations for a landmark bilateral US-North Korea summit, which could come in June, Trump had kind words for Kim, whom he once called a "madman" and "little rocket man."
"He really has been very open, I think - very honorable," Trump told reporters from the White House Oval office, adding that the North Koreans have said they want the meeting between the two leaders "as soon as possible."
He said that "a lot of concessions have already been made" - while stressing it was not the United States that had given ground. "We have made no concessions," Trump said.
The talks would come after a year of heightened tensions over Pyongyang's development of nuclear weapons and an intercontinental ballistic missile that has the potential to deliver a nuclear warhead to the continental United States.
Around the end of March or early April, CIA director Mike Pompeo traveled to North Korea and met with Kim to lay the groundwork for negotiations.
And last week, North Korea pledged to halt its nuclear and missile tests ahead of the summit.
But it has not committed to giving up its atomic weapons, which Pyongyang views as a shield against the Western overthrow of its government.
As a prelude for talks with Trump, Kim will meet with South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Friday in the border village of Panmunjom.
Trump reiterated on Tuesday that he would walk away from the talks with North Korea if they are not fruitful, saying it is possible that "we're all wasting our time."
"Unlike past administrations, I will leave the table," he said. "But I think we have the chance to do something very special."
There's been a push to expand arts education in California in recent years. New numbers out today from Create CA, one of the groups behind that effort, paint a mixed picture: while some headway has been made, it's been slow.
Overall, the number of students who participate in the arts increased from 38 to 39 percent.
"It's showing some forward progress," explained Pat Wayne, program director at Create CA. "Not of course what we'd hope it would be, but we're going in the right direction."
One of the biggest changes highlighted in the report is a 26 percent drop in the number of students around the state who don't have access to any type of arts instruction.
Wayne said part of that might be due to a correction of how data is reported, but another big factor was an effort to reach out to districts and counties to develop strategic arts plans and to identify where access may not be equitable.
Here's what Wayne had to say about some of the biggest findings from the report:
Most California students in 6th-12th grades have at least some access to arts education
The data show over 97 percent of those students have access "to some level of arts education."
"That's not horrible, but the question I always ask myself is, 'Would that be okay if we were talking about reading?'" Wayne said. "That, 'Oh, only three percent of the kids don't learn how to read?'"
Wayne pointed to the California education code.
As KPCC has reported before, the law requires dance, music, theater, and visual arts instruction from 1st to 6th grade, and that those arts disciplines are offered to students between 7th and 12th grades.
However, only 25 percent of students in the data are offered all four.
But some students don't get as much access to arts education as others
Students at schools with larger percentages of students who receive free and reduced lunch have lower participation rates in the arts.
That mirrors a Los Angeles County Arts Ed Collective survey that showed schools in the county with higher percentages of students who received free and reduced price lunches had lower quality and quantity of arts instruction, as KPCC reported last year.
Another group that had less access to arts education: English language learners.
"In urban areas, the students–especially second language learners– are blocked from actually taking the arts because they have double periods of language arts," she explained. "So even if [an arts class] might be there, they will never be able to take it because of the restrictions that have been put on them."
The report also shows that "students with no access to the arts were overrepresented in charter schools," according to the press release.
Wayne said she wasn't entirely sure about the cause of this finding, but said she thought that it might have to do with the way charter schools are organized.
"I would say during the last 10 years–probably more–you saw a lot of charter schools that were totally focused in on science and math, and their curriculum reflected that," she explained. "Whereas the traditional public schools are more under the umbrella of the district direction."
Altogether, Wayne said the data makes her feel hopeful, "even if we didn't make some huge leap forward."
She said she believes the data from the next four years will better reflect efforts with school districts and counties to increase access and participation in the arts.
We've all been there. You want to crack on the PS4 and play some games but someone else wants to watch some boring TV. Wouldn't it be awesome if you could use your iPhone or iPad as a second screen to play? You can. Sony didn't make it, but there's an app out there that not only enables remote play within your home, but outside of it as well. It's worth every penny.
How it works
The PS4 console has remote play settings built right into it, after all, it's nothing new. The PS Vita, PlayStation TV, and Sony's Android phones have been able to to do it for a while. What R-Play does is hook into that system. And you don't have to enter your PSN password, either. The app walks you through the setup process, in clear, easy to follow steps. Basically all you need to do is go into the PS4 settings, ensure remote play is enabled and select the option to add a new device. This presents you a code. All you have to enter in R-Play is this code and your PSN ID and it does the rest. For the best results you need a strong network connection. R-Play recommends hooking your PS4 up over ethernet to your network, and this is wise. However, I've had pretty decent results around my house with it just connected to my Google Wifi mesh network. You can alter your frame rate between 60fps and 30fps as well as the resolution of the stream between 360p and 1080p. The full resolution and frame rate on the iPhone 8 Plus (and I'd imagine the iPhone X as well) looks tremendous. Plenty of choice
If you're in a pinch and playing something not that intensive, then you can use the onscreen controller. I don't recommend it, because using the analog sticks like this is pretty unpredictable, but you can (and probably should) use an MFi controller like the SteelSeries Nimbus. It's possible to use the PlayStation 4 Dual Shock controller as well, though it's fiddly and not that ideal so I didn't try it. You can at least customize the layout of the on-screen controller. But as with everything in R-Play, there's a comprehensive user guide that walks you through all the steps and answers any questions you might have. / Nestled in the settings are options to enter static IP addresses of your console which is particularly useful if you've set this up and some manual options to enter network information for your host network if you intend to use R-Play outside on either cellular or someone else's Wi-Fi. Sadly I can't test that myself because of technical issues unrelated to R-Play (it tells me there's a Double NAT problem because my ISP router/modem combo can't be turned into bridge mode). But you don't pay extra for this feature and I'm not sure I'd want to be using my data allowance to play Gran Turismo when I'm on a train or something. Impressive performance
ISTANBUL: Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq on Monday and killed 17 of the group's militants, Turkey's armed forces said.
The PKK fighters were believed to be preparing an attack on Turkish border posts from the Hakurk region of northern Iraq, the army said in a written statement.
Three caves and one shelter used by the militants were destroyed in the air strikes, it said.
The PKK, which has been waging an insurgency in southeast Turkey since the 1980s, is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict.
(Reporting by Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Ezgi Erkoyun; Editing by Daren Butler and Gareth Jones)
Posted by Josh Alper on June 14, 2017, 5:24 PM EDT
The Browns are hoping that they got little more than a momentary scare regarding defensive end Myles Garrett at Wednesday's practice.
Mary Kay Cabot of Cleveland.com reports that Garrett stayed down on the field after a would-be sack of Brock Osweiler during a team drill before limping off the field to get attention from the team's medical staff during the team's second minicamp practice.
After the session ended, coach Hue Jackson confirmed that Garrett hurt his foot and said that he wasn't yet sure how serious it might be.
“I'll know more when we go in,” Jackson said.
Jackson added that Garrett will have plenty of time to rest the foot before the start of training camp in the event he did anything more than tweak it during the practice. Given Garrett's expected role on the defense, the Browns surely hope that it isn't anything more than that.
Reuters, CHARLOTTE, North Carolina
Justin Thomas on Sunday capped off a major season that belonged to an aggressive new breed of fearless young Americans when he stormed to a two-stroke victory at the PGA Championship.
At 24, he followed in the footsteps of then-23-year-old Jordan Spieth's British Open triumph and the US Open victory by 27-year-old Brooks Koepka, suggesting a bright future for US golf.
Thomas, one of the longest drivers on tour, started the final major of the year ranked 14th in the world, not one of the favorites after recent poor form, but came through by executing under pressure as many of his rivals withered.
“I was a lot more calm than I thought I would be. I thought I would be very shaky. At one point I looked at my hand it was a little shaky, but that's why you play,” Thomas said.
The serenity served Thomas well after a slow start, as he bided his time before vaulting to the front with four birdies in a sizzling seven-hole stretch mid-round.
Thomas was one of five players tied for the lead early on the back nine, before he broke clear with an unlikely 40-foot chip-in birdie at the par-three 13th.
He celebrated wildly, pumping his fists, perhaps sensing it was a pivotal moment.
“That chip-in on 13 was probably the most berserk I've ever been on the golf course,” he said.
As Thomas celebrated, others wondered what might have been, as fellow American Patrick Reed (67) bogeyed the last to finish equal second with Italian Francesco Molinari (67) and South African Louis Oosthuizen (70).
Hideki Matsuyama, seeking to become the first man from Japan to win a major, held the lead briefly mid-round before fading with three consecutive bogeys from the 11th.
He carded 72 and finished three shots behind with American Rickie Fowler (67).
Overnight leader Kevin Kisner (74) finished four shots back.
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Smart plugs are like a gateway drug into home automation, and TP-Link's is down to $20 on Amazon right now, a match for the best price we've seen. This basically lets you control any device with an on/off switch from your phone, or even with your voice via an Echo device.
A tough blow for the Eagles. Coach Doug Pederson confirmed that quarterback Carson Wentz suffered a season-ending knee injury, tearing his ACL during Philadelphia's 43-35 win Sunday over the Los Angeles Rams.
Several of Wentz's teammates and players around the league offered their words of encouragement.
My prayers are with u @cj_wentz. U will be back stronger than ever! Focus on the road ahead. U had a hell of a season. #FLYEAGLESFLY â Terrell Owens (@terrellowens) December 11, 2017
Tough to hear the news on @cj_wentz man! Like you told me, God got you man and you will come back from this stronger! Prayers up my dude! ï¿½ï¿½ â Deshaun Watson (@deshaunwatson) December 11, 2017
These injuries are out of control this season. Feeling for you @cj_wentz. Wishing you all the best brother!! â JJ Watt (@JJWatt) December 11, 2017
Hate to hear the news brotha but I know youâll come back stronger. Praying for your health but more importantly your inner being. Just adds to the story! ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ pic.twitter.com/0zJqW81R1v â Jordan Matthews (@jmattjmattjmatt) December 11, 2017
We know he is a warrior and I know gods got a plan for him and all of usï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ â Nelson Agholor (@nelsonagholor) December 11, 2017
@cj_wentz going bounce back even better fam. Nothing but love and respect ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ â Ronald Darby (@realronalddarby) December 11, 2017
Love you bro... thanks for starting us off with such an amazing year and being a great leader!! we got this for you!! @cj_wentz â Kamu Grugier-Hill (@k_grugierhill) December 11, 2017
Related Coverage ONLY ON 4: Buffalo Police unveil specialized team for mass demonstrations
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB)- It's been more than a year since Buffalo Police launched its Emergency Response Team (ERT) to keep the peace at mass demonstrations.
“It's been going very well,” said Lt. Jeff Rinaldo. “Our team has been deployed multiple times for everything from very small scale to larger scale demonstrations.”
The team was showcased in 2016 when then-presidential candidate Donald Trump rallied in Buffalo. Over the past year, Lt. Rinaldo told News 4 the ERT has deployed at events including protests calling for Carl Paladino to step down from the Buffalo School Board and demonstrations over the officer involved shooting this spring.
“What we've found about the value of the team is a couple of things, number one it professionalizes and puts everyone on the same page in terms of the training that's required of the officers who work in that type of environment,” said Lt. Rinaldo. “Protests and demonstrations can tend to get volatile and they can tend to get emotionally charged and the key is to make sure everyone is trained the same and knows how to respond the same.”
About 75 Buffalo officers underwent FEMA Field Force Operations Training in 2015, through the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
According to FEMA, there are at least 206 agencies trained in New York State.
Buffalo Police officers learned how to hold a line and remove protestors without violating civil rights. Lt. Rinaldo said they completed the training alongside officers from Hamburg, Tonawanda and Amherst.
“In the event there is a large scale demonstration and we had to send officers to a suburban department or they had to send officers to assist us, which you did see in the Trump rally, you know we're all trained alike,” said Lt. Rinaldo.
One of the most important deescalation tactics they've learned in the field this year, he told us, is keeping communication open with the groups demonstrating.
“In areas where you see that these things get confrontational, there's either a lack of communication or the protestors don't respect the training the police department has,” he said.
New York State Police also help train local agencies on how to respond to mass demonstrations.
Trooper James O'Callaghan told News 4 every trooper is trained for riot control and a certain percentage of troopers get extra training for a mobile unit that responds statewide.
“If there is a scheduled protest or a scheduled event, we make sure that we are equipped and working with law enforcement agencies surrounding that area, or maybe patrol in that area,” said O'Callaghan. “We will be notified by them and we will work hand in hand.”
He told News 4 that in those situations, they also wear protective gear.
“Our safety is important so we want to make sure that we have helmets, proper vests, proper padding, different things to protect ourselves because if we can't protect ourselves, we can't protect those who may need our help,” said Trooper O'Callaghan.
He said their role is to keep the peace and prevent protestors from moving to areas that aren't part of the original plan.
“We train quite often and this isn't anything new,” he said. “We've done this for years and we just want to make sure not only we're prepared but make sure we're prepared to handle anything hat happens in the areas we patrol.”
Trooper O'Callaghan said over the years, as violence has broken out at demonstrations across the county, they've changed their tactics based on what has or hasn't worked in other states.
Value of community education
I was a freshman in Oil Painting 101, taught by Sheila Cherni at Sheridan College in 1988. Most of us were beginners, and a few experienced artists were auditing the class.
Right from the start, an older student was clearly our “class artist.” We were in awe of the ease with which she could accomplish what the teacher was asking. The funny thing was, I soon realized, she didn't actually do anything the teacher asked. When we were encouraged to stand so we could back away from the painting and check its progress often, this woman said, “I've never stood; I always sit.” If asked to use a certain color, she might say, “I don't like that color, I always use this one instead.” Whether it was brushes, ranges or techniques to render light or shadow, she refused to stray from her own methods.
I started to wonder why she was taking the class if she wasn't interested in trying anything new, but I got into learning and forgot she was sitting there, doing her own thing week after week.
During the months that followed, most of us heeded our instructor's advice as we accomplished several still life paintings. Every new lesson opened a door to further learning and ideas, transforming us from a class of individuals to a community. With practice, we improved as painters, but the woman whose work was so admired at the beginning of the class did not improve. Her paintings, in comparison to the rest of the class members', seemed less and less remarkable as the semester passed. Her strict adherence to her own way of doing things left her work stagnant.
The older I get, the more I see how easy it is to get complacent in our habits, but being receptive to new methods and advice keeps me growing as an artist. I didn't finish college or even take Oil Painting 102, but I've continued learning. Whether through a class or workshop, or by simply talking with fellow artists, those lessons help me every time I stand at an easel.
Alice Fuller taught me many things, but I think the most important are to use my imagination and enjoy the process of art-making. Dean States advised me to always purchase the best art supplies I could afford. Kathy Sabine taught me to really see what I'm looking at, and that “interesting is better than accurate.” I learned about reflected light and colors from Nancy Buening.
Guido Frick taught me about fat over lean. Mike Beeman showed me that color is secondary to value. As a very young substitute high school art teacher, Maryke Nel told us never to give up on a painting. Mark Ritchie told me not to be afraid to be a freak, that my art doesn't have to conform. Mike Ontiedt introduced me to colors I'd never used before, which became my favorites. Phil Starke taught me about color harmony, broken color and simplification.
Mara Schasteen showed me the beauty and importance of a thought out, well-placed stroke of color. Joel Ostlind told me how important value was years before I began to understand it. Carmella McCafferty showed me new ways to problem-solve color, temperature and mood elements in my paintings. My favorite lesson from Jim Lawson is that I don't require a degree to make it as an artist.
I could go on for pages listing people and what they've taught me. Sometimes years pass between hearing the message and gaining the skills to really understand or apply it, but their advice and counsel always helps me become a better artist. Be open to suggestions. No matter our level of expertise, there is always more to learn, or a different way to approach it. Accept and remember those nuggets of guidance, and you can pass them on to others when the time comes.
A pregnant woman identified as Patience Amadi has been kidnapped by unknown gunmen in Omurelu Community in Ikwerre Local Government Area of Rivers State.
It was gathered that the kidnappers broke into the apartment of the victim, with intention to kidnap the husband of the woman, a former Local Government councilor but he escaped through the window.
A source within the community who confirmed the incident said the armed criminals went away with the pregnant woman when they could not abduct the husband.
The source also disclosed that the hoodlums now engaged in breaking into people's apartment.
In the meantime, no contact has been established between the family and the kidnappers.
The Police at Elele Town Divisional Headquarters said they had just been informed about the development, promising to commence manhunt for the kidnappers.
Paris, France — (SBWIRE) — 01/02/2017 — Out of all pets, cats have a distinct personality and aura of seriousness that makes them some of the most fascinating creatures on the planet. According to many cat owners, their pets always appear to be plotting something, including the leading felines in R.F. Kristi's enthralling new books. "These are great stories that personifies the often human-like personality and seriousness of cats, while spinning it into a truly engrossing adventure," explains the author. "The books have travel, suspense and plenty of feline fanciness to keep readers entertained for hours." Continuing, "It may first appear to be a thoroughbred children's book, but this is actually something that will appeal to all adults who love animals – especially cats!
Readers have found the books to be truly fascinating.
The Cats Who Crossed Over from Paris
R.F. Kristi's 'The Cats Who Crossed Over from Paris', volume one of the 'Inca Cat Series', embroils readers in the escapades of a cross-continental furry family as they leave their native France for the UK for a spot of detective prowess. It's a sure-fire hit for both animal lovers and children, with one reader recently writing, "What a fantastic book for animal lovers and adventure seekers! This was a fun read for myself and I have since enjoyed sharing the story with my young nieces and nephews."
'The Cats Who Crossed Over from Paris' is part one of Kristi's new 'Inca Cat Series'. Forget simple meowing – these cats have a crime to solve!
'The Cats Who Crossed Over from Paris (Inca Cat Series Book 1)' is available now: http://amzn.to/2bXUkVj
Christmas Cats
Another adventure story from Inca the extraordinary Siberian kitty-cat. It is Christmas time, and Inca is ready to enjoy the holiday season with her Siamese sister Cara and brother Fromage – the cheese loving Tabby cat, not to forget their adopted hamster Charlotte. Life turns interesting when their neighborhood tough dog – Boss comes around asking for help to save the loss of his master and domicile. Another mystery to solve with the help of their neighbors Monk the Blue Russian cat and Polo the Pekinese doggy. An eventful time is around the corner for the newly formed detective team headed by Inca.
'Christmas Cats' by R.F. Kristi
"The story is entertaining and engaging and it's a must-read for all pet lovers, especially cat lovers as it highlights the intelligence of these feline creatures." – Readers Favorite
"Christmas Cats is sure to appeal to pet lovers in general and to cat lovers, in particular. Readers will surely admire Inca's grace and wit" – The Children's Book Review
'The Christmas Cats (Inca Cat Series Book 2)' is available now: https://www.amazon.com/Christmas-Cats-Inca-Cat-2/dp/1539888487
Contact:
R F Kristi
Address: 7 place de fontenoy, Paris, France
Phone: +3314568000
Email: rfkristibooks@gmail.com
Website: http://www.incabookseries.com
For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/enchanting-new-books-claw-away-at-kids-animals-lovers-hailed-fantastic-by-critics-now-available-on-amazon-755715.htm
Two students who survived the Florida school shooting and spoke publicly about it are not "crisis actors," despite the claims of several conspiracy-oriented sites and an aide to a Florida lawmaker.
The Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students, David Hogg and Emma Gonzalez, are among those targeted by conspiracy theories about the Feb. 14 shooting that killed 17 people.
Similar hoaxes were spread online following other mass shootings, including the 2012 assault on Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut.
In Florida, an aide to a state representative on Tuesday emailed a Tampa Bay Times reporter a screenshot of them being interviewed on CNN and said, "Both kids in the picture are not students here but actors that travel to various crisis when they happen."
Broward County Schools Superintendent Robert Runcie told the Times that the legislative aide's comments were "outrageous and disrespectful."
"These are absolutely students at Stoneman Douglas. They've been there. I can verify that," Runcie told the newspaper.
The aide, Benjamin Kelly, sent a second email to Times reporter Alex Leary with a link to a conspiracy video saying, "There is a clip on YouTube that shows Mr. Hogg out in California. (I guess he transferred?)" In the clip, a news reporter interviewed Hogg while on vacation in 2017 in Redondo Beach as a witness to a friend's confrontation with a lifeguard. On Wednesday, YouTube had replaced one link to a video about Hogg as an actor with a notice saying it violated the site's policy on harassment and bullying, but other videos remained.
Kelly tweeted later Tuesday that his comments were a mistake. The speaker of the Florida House, who oversees all House employees, subsequently fired him.
Runcie called such attacks "part of what's wrong with the narrative in this country. If someone just has a different type of opinion, it seems that we want to somehow demonize them or color them as being somehow illegitimate instead of listening. We'll never get beyond that if, as soon as you show up, you're demonized."
Hogg also responded to the erroneous claims, telling CNN, "I am not a crisis actor. I'm somebody that had to witness this and live through this and I continue to have to do that."
The French culture minister is preparing the launch of a fund dedicated to backing between 10 and 20 projects by women filmmakers.
Venus Victrix was created with the help of Eric Garandeau, the former CNC president, co-finance the development and production of movies from female directors around the world. It will operate like funding schemes such as Berlin Film Festival's World Cinema Fund or CNC's Aide aux Cinémas du Monde.
Venus Victrix will take the form of an endowment fund so that donors – either businesses of individuals — will be able to benefit from a 60% tax cut on contributions.
The idea for the fund is to regroup different partner brands which will join forces to “walk the talk” and give “tangible support for the cause of women in cinema,” said Garandeau.
The fund is already backed by the financial institution Cofiloisirs and discussions are ongoing with other institutions and fashion brands, among other potential partners.
“Talk is good, Action is better. Salma Hayek and Frances McDormand summarized the necessary action very succinctly when they said ‘What women need to make more films is money!'” said the exec, who also played a key role in the launch of the Women in Motion program of Kering.
In Europe, 84% of public funding resources are given to to male-directed films, and 56% of industry insiders still believe that a female director will negatively affect private funding decisions, according to the European Women's Audiovisual Network's research on Gender Equality.
Nyssen first discussed the creation of the fund while at Cannes Film Festival where a series of events promoting gender equality, including a women's march, were staged (pictured). Cannes Film Festival's chief Thierry Fremaux signed a landmark pledge signed for equity in the film industry, along with the heads of Critics' Week and Directors' Fortnight.
We kept a-rollin' with the survey and getting someone on the first try in this Friday edition of the Senseless Survey. A man picked up the phone and hopefully it didn't ruin his weekend.
He agreed to the survey so Kevin was off and running with the first senseless question asking if he'd agree the downside to having a real mustache is that you can't hide behind a fake mustache. He said “come again” to Kevin and then didn't understand.
He then asked if he'd consider being a sex box repairman which a big no came out. He then wanted to know which type of Instagram poster he is which didn't sit well.
Kevin then asked what was has been in the longest in his wallet between a saying, a photo, or condom.
The man didn't have a clue what was going and when Kevin asked about French fries, the hang-up came.
Hear the whole survey and don't let it ruin your weekend like it probably did to him.
Karlson & McKenzie can be heard weekday mornings from 5:30am until 10am on Boston's Classic Rock, 100.7 WZLX. Follow the show on Twitter (@KarlsonMcKenzie) and like them on Facebook. Stream K&M anywhere you go with the free Radio.com app for iOS and Android devices.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
The champagne cork is struggling to be held in the bottle as Brighton & Hove Albion have all-but clinched promotion to the Premier League.
A 2-1 win over Wigan Athletic means Championship leaders Albion have so very nearly reached the promised land and the bottles could only be on ice for another couple of hours.
Glenn Murray celebrates after giving Brighton & Hove Albion the lead against Wigan Athletic
While many fans are already celebrating the result means that third-place Huddersfield Town can now only match Albion's 92-point total, but would need to turn around a 32-goal difference.
That's so unlikely that Albion's place in the top-two is virtually guaranteed and could even be mathematically confirmed if Huddersfield fail to win at Derby County in the later 5pm kick-off this evening.
With Newcastle losing 3-1 at Ipswich, the Seagulls lead the division by seven points and that led to scores of fans flooding onto the Amex pitch at full-time in elation.
Chris Hughton made two changes to the team that won at Wolves on Good Friday as Gaetan Bong and Beram Kayal returned to the side for the missing Seb Pocognoli and Steve Sidwell.
Solly March fires Brighton & Hove Albion into a 2-0 lead against Wigan Athletic
Also absent were Sam Baldock, Shane Duffy, Connor Goldson and Vegard Forren through a combination of injuries and being rested.
A crucial headed clearance from Jake Buxton prevented Albion an early lead as Anthony Knockaert's cross look destined to find the head of Glenn Murray inside the six-yard box on 11 minutes.
Minutes later, Wigan stopper Jackob Haugaard dropped a routine catch in the box and Lewis Dunk's two attempts were both blocked away.
In a half of few chances, Dunk rose highest to head a Knockaert free kick over the bar on 27 minutes from 12 yards, while Uwe Huenemeier's header from a corner was held by Haugaard just past the half-hour mark.
Albion finally broke the deadlock in the 37th minute via some good old fashion route one football. Dunk smashed a ball upfield and Tomer Hemed chested it down in the box, then laid back to Murray, who fired home to Haugaard's left from just outside the penalty area.
It was almost then two as Murray's cut-back cross for Hemed was crucially cut out in the box. And, Murray then had a header from a corner ruled out as the ball went out before reaching the striker.
Five minutes into the second half, Wigan keeper Haugaard spilt a cross and Hemed's shot was blocked on the line, before Knockaert was harshly penalised for a foul on the keeper in the resulting scramble.
Knockaert then had his curling free kick tipped around the post by Haugaard, before Murray lashed into the side netting.
Albion did double their lead on 65 minutes as Knockaert skipped away from two defenders with a delightful run down the right, he teed up March who took a touch and dispatched through the legs of Haugaard.
Knockaert had a goal chalked out for offside and Murray flashed a ball across the box after a pacey breakaway.
With five minutes to go Wigan set up a nervy finale as substitute Nick Powell headed home a right-wing cross from six yards out, but Albion held out for that and an additional three added minutes before the celebrations started.
Brighton: Stockdale, Bruno, Huenemeier, Dunk, Bong, March (Murphy 73), Stephens, Kayal (Norwood 73), Knockaert, Hemed (Akpom 82), Murray. Unused subs: Skalak, Rosenior, Tomori, Maenpaa.
Wigan: Haugaard, Hanson, Buxton, MacDonald (Morsy 73), Burn, Jacobs, Power, Tunnicliffe (Colclough 61), Warnock, Perkins, Obertan (Powell 61), Unused subs: Connolly, Morgan, Gilks.
Attendance: 29,940.
Referee: James Linington.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
SINGAPORE: Small- and medium-size enterprises (SME) will get more support to conduct health programmes from next year under a new S$2-million initiative.
SME Health+, run by the Health Promotion Board (HPB), aims to engage 60,000 workers over 18 months, building on a year-long pilot that ended in September this year.
Singaporeans spend a large portion of their time at work and getting them to lead less sedentary lifestyles is a challenge, said HPB's director of workplace health & outreach Sim Beng Koon in an interview with Channel NewsAsia on Friday (Dec 8).
HPB's workplace health programmes aim to engage workers early before they develop chronic diseases by sparking small lifestyle changes; this will help reduce healthcare costs in disease treatment and management down the road, he added.
Additionally, SMEs are an important group to target, said Mr Sim, as they employ the majority of the nation's workforce.
Warees Investments, which has about 30 employees, tapped on HPB's pilot SME Workplace Health Package earlier this year. Workers went on a 4km walk around Botanic Gardens and along the way, they stopped at various stations to learn simple exercise routines and how to prepare healthier food.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“The activity helped us become more aware of how to do simple and light activities at home and it also created an interest in staff to prepare healthy meals," said Ms Zarena Mator, strategic assistant to management at Warees.
Building on the pilot, the new initiative will offer SMEs a range of packages from health screening to weight management. It will run alongside existing HPB programmes such as the Healthy Workplace Ecosystem, which also caters to SMEs.
Overall spending on workplace health programmes, including fitness activities and nutrition talks, has increased by about 15 per cent each year since 2014, from S$4 million, HPB said.
“We have some measured success, there's still a long way to go, we still have a lot to do … Today, there is first a higher awareness of the need to keep healthy especially when you are productively engaged. Secondly, with all the activities we are doing today, I think we have a certain amount of success in making healthy programmes as pervasive as possible," said Mr Sim.
HPB keeps an eye on its programmes by tracking changes in behaviour such as whether workers are choosing healthier meal options and how much they are exercising.
They also compare health screening results of participants to see if their BMI has decreased or if they have gotten a better blood glucose reading after getting health coaching.
Staff writer, with CNA
Taiwan's New Southbound Policy is the government's “regional strategy for Asia,” as the nation used to identify only with Northeast Asia, but now wants to integrate more deeply with the South and Southeast Asia regions, presidential adviser Michael Hsiao (蕭新煌) said on Tuesday.
Hsiao said that the Yushan Forum, a major initiative of President Tsai Ing-wen's (蔡英文) administration aimed at establishing the nation's role in the changing regional dynamics by creating an institutionalized multilateral dialogue on cooperation, would be launched on Wednesday next week.
“We [Taiwan] actually play no role in Asia,” said Hsiao, who is considered a pioneer in Southeast Asian studies.
That is partly because Taiwanese society has long identified itself with Northeast Asia and has lost sight of South and Southeast Asian countries, Hsiao said.
“With the New Southbound Policy in place, we are trying to reassert our role,” he added.
Taiwan's new approach to forging ties with countries covered in the New Southbound Policy is different from that of China, which has been characterized as a new form of “economic colonialism,” Hsiao said.
Meanwhile, environmental pollution associated with Taiwanese investment abroad — such as an environmental disaster attributed to Formosa Plastics Corp's steel mill in Ha Tinh, Vietnam — and problems facing immigrant workers in Taiwan — most recently the shooting death of a Vietnamese worker by a Taiwanese police officer — would be addressed by the policy, Hsiao added.
Policy points, such as economic and trade issues, human resources, technological innovation, non-governmental organization engagement, think tank cooperation and youth dialogue are to be discussed at the forum and will help Taiwan redefine its role and image in the region, he said.
The lineup of forum speakers has not been released in consideration of the possibility that China could try to sabotage the event by discouraging foreign speakers to attend, event host Prospect Foundation said.
According to the organizer, the forum is to feature 40 speakers from 15 countries in South and Southeast Asia, as well as from Japan, South Korea, the US and Europe.
NAVY BASEBALL: The Patriot League released its annual baseball preseason poll on Tuesday and Navy was picked to finish second in a vote held amongst the conference's head coaches and sports information contacts. The reigning Patriot League regular season and postseason champions, the Midshipmen received five first-place votes and 43 points to rank second behind the Holy Cross Crusaders, who collected six first-place votes and 46 points.
Following the top two teams, Bucknell and Lehigh tied for third place honors with 30 points. Army and Lafayette rounded out the preseason rankings in fifth and sixth place respectively with point totals of 13 and 12.
The Navy baseball team was represented with four players named to the Preseason All-Patriot League Team: sophomore right-hander Noah Song, the reigning Patriot League Rookie of the Year; and 2016 All-Patriot League selections senior catcher Adrian Chinnery, junior Stephen Born and senior shortstop Travis Blue were recognized on the 12-man team.
NAVY MEN'S BASKETBALL: The Mids (15-11, 10-4 PL) will play at Lehigh (14-11, 8-6 PL) at 7 p.m. on Wednesday in Stabler Arena. Navy won the season's first meeting against Lehigh in Annapolis, 75-72, on Jan. 18 and the second-place Mids have won 10 of their last 11 games.
Wednesday's game can be heard on 1430-AM.
MARYLAND MEN'S LACROSSE: Senior Matt Rambo tallied a career-high seven points and the Terrapin defense allowed just two second half goals as the No. 2 Terps defeated Saint Joseph's, 16-8, Tuesday night.
Freshman Jared Bernhardt totaled four points and notched his first career hat trick, while senior Colin Heacock also had three goals and an assist. Sophomore Austin Henningsen had a great day at the faceoff X, going 18-for-24 (75%).
The result marked the eighth consecutive game with at least 13 goals for the Terps since 2016.
MARYLAND WOMEN'S LACROSSE: After backlining the second-ranking Terps in their 13-3 win over William & Mary, sophomore goalie Megan Taylor was named Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week Tuesday.
Against the Tribe, Taylor made eight saves while allowing just three goals, good for a .727 save percentage. She also caused two turnovers and grabbed three ground balls.
NAVY OFFSHORE SAILING: The Navy varsity offshore sailing team sent one crew to compete in the Southern Collegiate Offshore regatta held in Charleston, S.C. this past weekend. Senior skipper Zach Michel and crew finished fourth out of the nine competing teams.
The regatta featured five heats on Saturday and two on Sunday.
In addition to Michel serving as skipper, Navy was represented by the crew of senior Charles Stabler, senior Dylan Thompson-Sevcik, senior Daniel Panchevre, seniorChris LaFrancois, junior Will Johnson, junior K. Parriott and sophomore George Davis.
Next up for the offshore sailing team is the Los Angeles Harbor Cup from March 10-12.
TOWSON MEN'S BASKETBALL: Head men's basketball coach Pat Skerry announced during Tuesday's weekly Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) teleconference that senior forward and co-captain John Davis would miss the remainder of the 2016-17 season.
"His health is fine," Skerry said during the call. "He'll be able to play next year overseas, but he won't play the rest of this season. He's been a leader for us and a good role model for our guys. We are forever grateful for John. He's done a lot of more for our program than what we were ever able to do for him."
Winners of four consecutive games and nine of its last 10, Towson (17-10 overall, 9-5 CAA) returns to action Thursday when it hosts Elon (16-11, 8-6) at SECU Arena beginning at 7 p.m.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE WOMEN'S LACROSSE: Seniors Meg Gesner (Severn) and Erika Kopf (Annapolis) return to lead the Seahawks, who were picked to finish fifth among the conference coaches in this year's Capital Athletic Conference Women's Lacrosse Preseason Poll.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The Federal Government has dispatched its team of experts to 135 Innovation Enterprise Institutions (IEIs) across Nigeria to ascertain their level of compliance with set standard for operations.
The officials are expected to carry out the exercise after a thorough briefing by the department of IEIs and coordinator of the monitoring exercise in the federal ministry of education, Daniel Ayegba.
Spokesperson of the ministry, Priscilla Ihuoma, in a statement, said the essence of periodic monitoring of IEIs is to collate and process reports that could form the basis for policy formulation for the operations of IEIs.
She was hopeful that the exercise would facilitate continuous improvement in the service delivery of the institutions for the production of quality graduates in Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET), and also ensure that appropriate actions are taken to remedy identified shortcomings.
The IEIs which are principally private sector owned, focuses on ICT, oil and gas, fashion design, hospitality and tourism, film, creative art, construction and engineering; paralegal, telecommunication, manufacturing, professional development teaching, banking, welding and fabrication, printing technology and maritime among others.
It's been a busy week for the Ontario Hockey Association.
Junior hockey's provincial governing body pulled the plug on one team, and it also announced the rest of its teams would have to wear full facial protection beginning next season.
“I think it's a good idea,” Tavistock Braves general manager Bob Zehr said. “I think it's long overdue. The OHA should have done this five years ago.
“I still think why do you want kids flying around with mouths exposed? I don't get it.”
Safety concerns have been an issue since the OHA allowed GOJHL teams to wear half visors in 2005 and Junior C teams to do the same in 2007.
In a release, the OHA said its board of directors “categorize this as a serious risk management concern that must be addressed with the utmost regard for player safety and the teams involved.”
The organization alluded to an impact study done during the 2015-16 season. Data collected was “staggering” when looking at facial and dental injuries suffered while wearing half visors compared to full facial protection.
There have been several incidents over the last decade, including former Stratford Culliton Jeff McArdle suffering a broken jaw in October 2013.
Stratford Warriors alternate governor Jason Lott would have preferred the OHA let each league decide its own policy, but he's encouraged by the fact teams won't be at a disadvantage when recruiting based on facial protection.
“I think it's something our team believes strongly in and we don't want to see players get hurt,” he said. “You can do things to protect their safety, so I think it's a good move for our league.”
Warriors captain Jack Scanlan lost a front tooth when he was crosschecked in Kitchener this season. Insurance paid for the tooth to be capped, but Scanlan will have to pick up the bill down the road when he needs a root canal.
The 19-year-old last wore a cage with the Junior C Penetang Kings in 2013.
“From a player's perspective I'm not gonna tell you visors are lighter on your helmet and make you skate faster,” he said. “There's certainly a level of this is junior hockey now and I'm done with minor hockey (and wearing full facial protection). That was something that stood out for me and that'll be lost, but it's not the end of the world, especially for players looking to move on.
“It may take a little bit of getting used to but I don't think that's something too much to overcome.”
The number of players wearing half visors varies in Junior C.
More than half of the Braves wear cages, while most of the Paris Mounties – the team Tavistock faced in the first round of playoffs – wear half visors.
“I don't think our guys are out there trying to carve Paris guys up in the face,” Zehr said.
In the Pollock Division – formerly the Western Junior C league – teams voted to wear full facial protection from Day 1.
“It's really a tough thing for us to swallow,” Mitchell Hawks head coach Kory Dietz said. “The safety thing, along with getting away from mouth injuries, the teeth and everything else, the purpose of the whole thing never made sense to me in the first place.
“We don't need (teenage) kids getting teeth knocked out playing junior hockey.”
Dietz said the current situation creates an uneven playing field, since players on teams wearing cages can take four-minute penalties for high sticks that cut an opposing player, but there's virtually zero chance of a player wearing a cage getting cut by an inadvertent stick.
“It's always been more of a show thing, how it looks, how it appears than practicality of the rule,” he said. “I think it's a good thing for junior hockey and parents as well knowing a kid's mouth won't be out there.”
*****
One Golden Horseshoe team was terminated this week, but not the one most expected.
The OHA pulled the plug on the Thorold Blackhawks after forfeiting three games.
Injuries, illness and suspensions were cited as the reasons why Thorold was unable to ice an adequate lineup, though the team raised eyebrows at the deadline when it traded some of its top players. The Blackhawks were seventh in the standings with a 13-29-1-2 record.
“While it is unfortunate Thorold is unable to finish this season the OHA believes this is a temporary setback to their program,” OHA president Karen Phibbs said in a release. “The OHA and GOJHL expect Thorold's successful return to league play for the 2017-18 season and will cooperatively support that endeavour.”
All remaining games scheduled against Thorold will be recorded as a 5-0 forfeit under Ontario Hockey Federation rules. The conference's top team, Caledonia, will now receive a first-round bye, while the second-place team will play the seventh-place team, which means the Buffalo Regals won't sneak into the playoffs and embarrass the league further.
First-round results in the Golden Horseshoe won't count toward the GOJHL's wildcard when it comes to the Sutherland Cup semifinals.
cosmith@postmedia.com
Charlie Rowley, 45, and Dawn Sturgess, 44, fell ill on Saturday in Amesbury, just miles from the Salisbury attack on Skripal and daughter Yulia in March.
Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu confirmed the substance that left the couple ill was Novichok, the same substance used to attack Skripal.
Home Secretary Sajid Javid is set to chair an emergency Cobra meeting, Downing Street said.
Cops initially believed the couple had been exposed to a damaging batch of crack cocaine or heroin, Class A drugs.
But mystery now surrounds the incident at the weekend after Basu made the bombshell statement tonight.
The couple remain in a critical condition, with police stating that nobody else has been exposed to the substance.
Despite posting a 10.38 earned-run average in September and a 5.13 earned-run average in the second half, Dodgers reliever Pedro Baez has made the 25-man roster for the National League Division Series against Arizona.
The Dodgers released the roster Friday morning, hours before Clayton Kershaw was to face Taijuan Walker in Game 1 at Dodger Stadium.
Ross Stripling also made the bullpen, with Kyle Farmer on the roster as a third catcher.
Baez appeared to pitch his way off the roster with a series of meltdowns in September. A shoulder injury to left-handed reliever Luis Avilan may have opened the door for Baez to join the group. Baez has a 6.52 ERA in 11 postseason appearances.
Here is the roster breakdown:
PITCHERS:
POSITION PLAYERS:
Austin Barnes Cody Bellinger Andre Ethier Kyle Farmer Logan Forsythe Yasmani Grandal Curtis Granderson Enrique Hernandez Yasiel Puig Corey Seager Chris Taylor Justin Turner Chase Utley
CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In his second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. CAPTION The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. CAPTION Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, he discusses the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. CAPTION Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs. Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how he prepares for the playoffs.
andy.mccullough@latimes.com
Twitter: @McCulloughTimes
Despite out-shooting the Everett Silvertips 31-27, the Kelowna Rockets couldn't squeeze in one more goal Friday night for the win.
The Rockets lost 3-2 to the Silvertips on home ice.
Everett was first on the board at 19:49 in the first period. Patrick Bajkov scored the goal on a power play.
Silvertips Connor Dewar and Bryce Kindopp also scored on Everett power plays.
READ MORE: Kelowna Rockets defeat Medicine Hat Tigers third time in season
Kyle Topping broke the shutout and scored for Kelowna in the third period.
Carsen Twarynski scored his 33 goal of the season with 1:26 remaining in the game to make it 3-2.
Kelowna drops behind Everett in the Western conference following the loss.
The Rockets record is now 32-15-3-1.
Everett hosts Kelowna Saturday.
Federal immigration agents continued to visit Los Angeles-area businesses this week, gathering hiring records to check on who may be employed illegally and drawing demonstrators at some locations.
Last week, as part of a larger operation that led to more than 200 arrests, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents served 122 local businesses with inspection notices, advising them that their records would be audited to determine if they are employing anyone illegally.
ICE said no arrests were made at the businesses, but it appears to be part of stepped-up immigration enforcement at work sites which officials announced last fall.
On a chilly Thursday morning, immigrant advocates picketed outside the Citadel outlet mall in the City of Commerce. Earlier, immigration agents had arrived to collect work authorization forms from a Ruby's Diner restaurant.
“There are about eight of us here, showing solidarity [with] the employees who have been targeted by these ... audits," said Pedro Trujillo, an organizer with the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles.
Inside the shopping center, management at the restaurant confirmed that immigration officials had been there, collected what they needed and would be in touch.
Employer audits like these have long been common practice of immigration agents. They were conducted extensively during the Obama era, especially in the earlier years of that administration. But in recent months, Trump administration officials have ramped up ICE activity.
In October, ICE Acting Director Thomas Homan said the agency would at least quadruple its work site enforcement actions. The Trump administration has not released recent numbers to show this, but ICE spokeswoman Danielle Bennett said work site enforcement is being increased.
"The goal under work site continues to be the focus on employers," Bennett said. "Federal law states that employers are required to have every new employee fill out I-9 paperwork and display proof that they are authorized to work in the United States."
The most recent available data on work site enforcement shows 1,360 workplace immigration audits were conducted in fiscal year 2017. That's relatively few compared to 2013, when Obama administration work site audits peaked at 3,127 before falling in later years.
The audits begin with an inspection notice, followed by a review of a businesses' I-9 work authorization forms, which are used to verify an employee's authorization to work in the country, said Los Angeles immigration attorney Carl Shusterman.
After that, ICE will notify businesses of any violations, Shusterman said. "There may be technical violations, and there may be substantive violations. The technical violations, you may not get fined, but the substantive violations, you are definitely going to get fined on."
The substantive violations typically involve an employer having knowledge that they hired someone unauthorized to work in the U.S.
Advocates for tighter immigration say when past administrations have attempted work site crackdowns, they have proven politically unpopular. Under the Bush administration, for example, immigration agents raided businesses and arrested workers.
However, "the effort to fine the employers was not very popular with top officials in the administration," said Jessica Vaughan with the Center for Immigration Studies, a Washington, D.C. think tank that advocates immigration restrictions.
"So often these fines would end up being knocked down ... the fines were just a cost of doing business in many cases and didn't stick or penalize the employers very much. So they stopped doing it and concentrated on the workers," Vaughan said.
Large fines were levied under the Obama administration, although audits, arrests and employer indictments slowed down during the former president's last years in office.
ICE officials said none of the 212 arrests made last week were tied to their work site visits. But advocates say the visits led to some immigrants walking away from their jobs. Fearful they could be arrested, they don't show up to work, essentially firing themselves.
"At least from the workers I've spoken to, many have quit. They have said they are not going to continue working there," said Trujillo, the immigrant advocate.
Businesses visited by ICE that KPCC spoke with said they were cooperating with the government.
A judge refused to reduce the $500,000 bond for a man whose mother was shot and killed by Bartlesville police.
Ryanair chief operations officer Michael Hickey will resign from the end of the month, the under-fire airline said on Friday, becoming the first executive to leave since a rostering mess-up led to the cancellation of thousands of flights.
DUBLIN: Ryanair chief operations officer Michael Hickey will resign from the end of the month, the under-fire airline said on Friday, becoming the first executive to leave since a rostering mess-up led to the cancellation of thousands of flights.
Hickey was responsible for rosters when the disruptions began but that function was taken over by Ryanair's Chief People Officer, Edward Wilson, on Sept. 27 when the Irish airline announced its second wave of cancellations.
"Over the past 30 years Mick Hickey has made an enormous contribution to Ryanair, especially the quality and safety of our engineering and operations functions. He will be a hard act to replace," Ryanair chief executive Michael O'Leary said in a statement.
(Reporting by Padraic Halpin; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Derek Stingley Jr. is a five-star prospect and the nation's top-rated safety. He backed up that lofty status with a dominating performance at Sunday's Rivals 3-Stripe Camp in Houston, ultimately ea...
LONDON: Chelsea must respond to last weekend's defeat with a dominant victory at Huddersfield Town later on Tuesday (Dec 12), defender Cesar Azpilicueta has said.
The Premier League champions suffered a shock 1-0 defeat at West Ham United last weekend that left them 14 points behind league leaders Manchester City.
Spain international Azpilicueta has urged the London outfit to channel their disappointment into a performance worthy of a major club at John Smith's stadium.
"Big teams, after a defeat, we have to answer in a strong way," Azpilicueta told the club's website.
"We know it is a tough place. We have the character and hopefully we can get the three points.
"We are in December and we cannot think more than this. We have a tough game against Huddersfield, we will try to get the three points on the road and get back to winning ways and keep going, keep pushing."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Huddersfield have won three of their last four home league games, the exception being a 2-1 loss to leaders City last month.
By Lai Hsiao-tung and Jake Chung / Staff reporter, with staff writer
New Taipei City's Department of Health searched a pig scalp factory early yesterday morning and seized 800kg of raw and processed products after being tipped off that asphalt was used to remove hair from the scalps.
The factory had sold 219 tonnes of illegally processed pig scalp over the past year, the department said, adding that the primary point of distribution appears to have been Huan Nan Traditional Market (環南市場) in Taipei, but the goods were also sold elsewhere.
The department suspects that the factory had been using asphalt as a hair removal agent since February last year, deputy department commissioner Hsu Chao-cheng (許朝程) said.
The factory was commissioned by vendors in New Taipei City's Sanchong District (三重) and meat stalls at the market to process raw materials into parts commonly used by street stalls, Hsu said.
The factory owner has admitted to the allegations and the Shilin District Prosecutors' Office is to investigate further, Hsu said, adding that he is looking at an indictment for breaching Article 15 of the Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation (食品安全衛生管理法), which is punishable by a maximum of seven years in prison and a fine of NT$80 million (US$2.7 million).
The factory has also been ordered to halt operations over misconduct under Article 8 of the act — having unsanitary surroundings — and would be fined between NT$60,000 and NT$200 million if it fails to improve its standards, Hsu said.
“We are still looking into how many vendors have been affected by the sales,” Hsu said.
The hair removal agent stipulated in the Council of Agriculture's standard operating procedures, rosin cerate, costs NT$3,000 per 25kg bag, but asphalt costs only NT$900 per barrel, Hsu said.
“We suspect that the factory used substances which could harm the human body to lower production costs,” Hsu said.
Asphalt contains cadmium, copper, nickel, vanadium and lead, as well as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, which are known carcinogens, said National Taiwan University College of Medicine toxicologist Chiang Chih-kang (姜至剛) of the Taiwan Food Safety Promotion Association.
Ingestion of low doses of cadmium could damage the kidneys, lungs and bones, Chiang said, adding that protracted ingestion of low doses of lead could slow cognitive functions and intellectual development in children.
By Shelley Shan / Staff reporter
Lawmakers at a meeting of the Legislative Yuan's Transportation Committee yesterday questioned the government's plan to invest NT$10 billion (US$342.45 million) in the nation's film and television industries to counter 31 incentives China announced last month, which target Taiwanese businesses, civic groups, cultural workers and artists, saying that the fund would merely be a “snack” rather than a “nutritional supplement.”
Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) Legislator Yen Kuan-heng (顏寬恒) said the incentive program would lift the limits imposed on the number of Taiwanese working on TV programs, TV series and films in China.
It would also remove the cap on the number of Taiwanese produced films and TV series that Chinese film studios, radio stations, television stations, Internet service providers and cable television networks were allowed to import, he said.
China previously imposed various limits on films and television series jointly produced by Taiwan and China, including ratios for Taiwanese to Chinese staff and Taiwanese to Chinese funding, Yen said, adding that it also stipulated how much of the storyline should involve China.
The incentive program would not only remove these percentages, but it would also shorten the time needed to have the storyline of TV series approved by the Chinese government, he said.
Yen asked National Communications Commission (NCC) Chairwoman Nicole Chan (詹婷怡) if the NT$10 billion fund — NT$6 billion from the National Development Fund and NT$4 billion allocated toward the development of the cultural and creative industries — would help counter China's incentive packages.
“Is NT$10 billion a nutritional supplement or a snack? Will it help the film and television industries?” he asked.
Yen said that both South Korea and China have adequate funding to produce popular TV series and are capable of exporting them to other countries.
He asked whether Taiwan could accomplish the same thing through the funding.
People First Party Legislator Lee Hung-chun (李鴻鈞) said local media have been fettered by outdated regulations that have restricted their development for more than a decade, such as laws barring political parties, the government, and the military from investing in the media.
The Ministry of Culture is in charge of overseeing and supporting content production, whereas the NCC regulates television networks and cable systems, Chan said, adding that the government has allocated more than just NT$10 billion in funding.
The ministry has also provided subsidies to produce films, to help further the education of professionals needed for the film and television industries and to fund projects, Chan said.
Meanwhile, the NCC has raised the percentage of programs that each television channel can self-produce, Chan said.
“Regardless of the incentives, the key is whether Taiwan has a sound environment for producing film and television programs and strong policy to support their development,” she said.
Chan also said that Taiwan used to produce much quality content, but it did not receive enough exposure.
The Teenage Psychic (通靈少女), a 2017 Taiwanese television miniseries jointly produced by Taiwan's Public Television Service and HBO Asia, is an example of how the industry could move forward through partnerships between the public and private sectors, she said.
Bumblebee colonies are at risk of extinction after pesticide exposure says study
Pesticide puts bumblebee colonies at risk
A widely used pesticide is placing bumblebee populations at an increased risk of extinction, a new study from an Ontario researcher suggests.
Nigel Raine, an environmental science professor at the University of Guelph, discovered that thiamethoxam, a major neonicotinoid found in agricultural crops throughout the world, reduced the chances of bumblebee queens starting new colonies by more than a quarter.
The results were published Monday in the journal Nature Ecology & Evolution.
“Bumblebee queens that were exposed to the pesticide were 26 per cent less likely to lay eggs to start a colony,” Raine said of the research conducted in his lab with researchers from Royal Holloway, University of London.
“It was a bigger impact than I was expecting. And our modelling suggests it could have a major impact on population persistence and increases the chances a population could go extinct.”
Bees are crucial to agriculture. Published reports suggest about a third of the crops eaten by humans depend on insect pollination, with bees responsible for about 80 per cent of that figure.
But bee populations are declining worldwide as scientists try to figure out why. Research has suggested the use of neonicotinoids is among the factors contributing to the declines.
Ontario has taken the lead in North America by placing restrictions on the use of neonicotinoids, while Europe has imposed a moratorium on their use.
Recent research by York University showed neonicotinoids had spilled over from crops such as soy and corn in Ontario and Quebec into plants and wildflowers such as maple trees, dandelions and clover.
Raine wanted to examine the effects thiamethoxam and a common parasite had on the bumblebee queen's ability to set up a colony, a crucial part of a bee's life cycle.
Bumblebee queens, he explained, are quite different from honeybee queens in that they largely do all of the work themselves to start a colony, from foraging to nest building to raising their young before worker bees take over.
While there has been much study of the honeybee, not as much research has been conducted on the bumblebee, Raine said.
In his lab, Raine infected half the bumblebee queens he was studying with a parasite and then placed all the bees in a cold, dark room to force an artificial hibernation. Those that survived hibernation were then split into two more groups, one of which was exposed for two weeks to pesticide-laden pollen at “field realistic” levels found in the wild, he said.
Those queen bees were placed in different nest boxes and monitored for survival and signs of egg laying.
“There was very little effect of the parasite in our experiment,” Raine said.
But he did find a substantial impact on egg laying.
“We are trying to link all this up to the broader ecology and life history of these organisms,” Raine said.
He took that new data and plugged it into mathematical models to see what would happen over time.
“We're seeing a substantial increase of the likelihood of them not surviving over a longer period of time and that's obviously a serious concern with the current patterns of usage of these chemicals.”
If anything, Raine said, his study is conservative, considering he only examined the effects of one pesticide and one parasite, whereas there are many other factors in the wild that play a role in the bumblebee's health, including disease and habitat destruction.
Liam Casey , The Canadian Press
Advertisement
Donald Trump has warned North Korea it has “gotta behave” as the US agreed to the early deployment of a missile defence system in the region.
Asked about his next move after Pyongyang's failed missile launch on Sunday, the President said: “You'll see”.
Expanding on Mr Trump's remarks, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said the President would not be “drawing lines in the sand” over rising tensions in the Korean peninsula.
He said: “(Mr Trump) holds his cards close to the vest. I think you're not going to see him telegraphing how he's going to respond to any military or other situation going forward.”
The President's warning comes as North Korea's deputy UN ambassador accused the US of creating “a dangerous situation in which a nuclear war may break out at any moment.”
Earlier, Vice President Mike Pence warned it would be unwise to test the “resolve” of Mr Trump and said “all options are on the table” to deal with the threat posed by Pyongyang.
During a visit to South Korea, he travelled to the Demilitarised Zone dividing the two states, which technically remain at war after the 1950-53 Korean war ended in a truce and not a peace treaty.
The unannounced trip allowed the Vice President, whose father fought in the Korean War, to look at North Korean soldiers from afar and gaze directly across a border marked by razor wire.
Advertisement
As the brown bomber jacket-clad Mr Pence was briefed near the military demarcation line, two North Korean soldiers watched on, with one taking photographs of the vice president.
He told reporters that President Trump was hopeful China would use its “extraordinary levers” to pressure Pyongyang to abandon its weapons programme.
Mr Pence voiced impatience with the unwillingness of Kim Jong-Un's regime to move towards getting rid of its nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
Pointing to the quarter-century since the US first confronted the North over its attempts to build nuclear weapons, the Vice President said this had been followed by a period of patience.
“But the era of strategic patience is over,” he declared.
“President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change.
“We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable.”
On Sunday, Mr Trump wrote on Twitter that China was working with the US on “the North Korea problem”.
US officials said the Trump administration has settled on a policy dubbed “maximum pressure and engagement” after a two-month policy review.
Mr Pence sought to explain this policy in meetings with South Korea's acting president and other top officials in Seoul at the start of the trip, which will also include stops in Japan, Indonesia and Australia.
Some of the worst flooding during this weekend's East Coast storm happened during high tides.
Shoreline tides are getting progressively higher. A soon-to-be-published report obtained by NPR predicts a future where flooding will be a weekly event in some coastal parts of the country.
"The numbers are staggering," says oceanographer William Sweet, at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. "Today's storm will be tomorrow's high tide," he says, referring to how high coastal water rises. "A storm [such as we experienced] along the East Coast of the United States this weekend, that will be a high tide at some point in the future, whether that's two or three decades or eight decades, we'll see, but it's coming."
This new report sets out to give communities a clear guide to prepare for coastal flooding. "We find that minor flooding starts on average about a foot and half above high tide," says Sweet, "Moderate flooding starts about two and a half feet above high tide, and major flooding starts about four feet."
That's what people can expect now; it gives them a margin of safety, and for the most part communities have been built to handle that. But here's the thing: As high tides get higher, that is inexorably reducing the margin of safety.
In fact even without a storm, high tides already are flooding cities like Miami and Norfolk, Va. And now NOAA's latest calculations portray a future where this kind of "sunny day" flooding will become a lot more frequent.
NOAA's calculations of future high tides assumes two "intermediate" forecasts of how much sea level will rise — from one and a half feet to three feet by 2100. It by no means assumes some of the more severe scenarios should the ice sheets in Greenland or the Antarctic melt. Even with intermediate rise, by 2050 cities on the Atlantic would see high tides flooding the streets 25 to 130 times a year. By 2100, it could happen almost every day. These frequencies will be influenced by weather patterns like El Nino and prevailing winds, but over time they'll occur more often from rising tides alone as sea level gets higher.
NOAA has also found the rate of increase in tidal flooding is accelerating in about a third of the places they've tracked. "The problem is going to become chronic rather quickly," says Sweet. "It's not going to be a slow, gradual change."
It's already becoming chronic in Norfolk. Emily Steinhilber studies coastal issues at Old Dominion University in Virginia. She also lives close to flood zones. "It's definitely a topic a conversation," she says. Steinhilber says the city's largest hospital is hardening its campus against flooding, for example. The city just passed an ordinance requiring new construction to be built higher off the ground.
But Steinhilber says the root cause of all this — global warming — isn't always discussed. "For the most part everyone is aware that sea level is rising and they know that we're kind of in the bull's eye," she says, "and the background of 'Why' is not really part of the conversation."
Others are having that conversation, such as the U.S. military. Retired Navy Rear Adm. Ann Phillips says military leaders are aware that warming means sea level rise. That's especially worrisome for the Navy. "We can't use historical data to plan what's coming because it won't work," she says.
Well over 100 military installations that are close to coastlines have reported flooding recently. According to a report from the Center for Climate and National Security (which Phillips helped write), tidal flooding will increasingly threaten equipment, fuel depots, ammunition warehouses, housing and docks. Now, Phillips says, these new tidal flooding numbers from NOAA lay out a difficult future for the Navy, which can't just retreat from coastlines. "Yet another report that sea level rise is accelerating [with] recurrent flooding just makes the sense of urgency that much more acute," she says.
Cities like Norfolk and Miami as well as the military are planning on building sea walls, raising buildings and fortifying themselves, but they're in a long race with a relentless rising tide that is picking up speed.
The NOAA report, entitled "Patterns and Protections of High Tide Flooding Along the U.S. Coastline Using a Common Impact Threshold," is due to be released later this week.
Morgan Tanksley treated herself to a big birthday present on May 22.
The Granite City junior pitcher celebrated her 17th birthday by helping her softball team put an end to a long regional tournament drought. The Warriors cruised to a 12-2 win over the Collinsville Kahoks in a Class 4A O'Fallon Regional first-round game at the Collinsville Sports Complex, their first regional tournament victory in 17 years. The game ended after six innings due to the 10-run rule.
The last time the Warriors had won a regional game was on May 25, 2000, when the Warriors beat Cahokia 7-0 in a first-round game of the Class AA Belleville West Regional. Tanksley was just three days old that day.
“That was awesome,” Tanksley said. “I was hoping they would win, especially since it was on my birthday. That would have fired them up. It fired me up.”
The win over Collinsville was one of many highlights Tanksley had during her junior season. She finished as the Warriors' top hitter with a career-best .363 batting average and won six games in the circle. She also was named on the all-Southwestern Conference team for the third straight year as she earned first-team honors.
The outstanding junior season earned Tanksley this year's Granite City AdVantage News Softball Player of the Year award.
Tanksley batted over .300 for the first time in her high school softball career. She also hit a home run and drove in 19 runs and finished with 33 hits. She went 4 for 4 against Collinsville on April 13 and had three hits and two RBIs against Civic Memorial on April 7.
In the circle, Tanksley had wins over Greenville, Althoff, Springfield, Civic Memorial, Roxana and Collinsville and finished with 152 strikeouts. She now has 469 strikeouts in her high school softball career.
Tanksley credits her family members for her strong junior season.
“They had to keep up with me with and take me to practice sometimes and they've been to all of my games,” she said.
Tanksley said teammates Morgan Fazio and Khaly Bettorf also were a big help to her. Fazio, a junior, and Bettorf, a sophomore, also were named on the all-conference team.
“They're both awesome hitting and defensively,” she said. “They pushed me everyday at practice and in games to get better. They encouraged me to do better.”
Tanksley helped the Warriors finish with 10 wins, making it the first time since 2008 they reached double figures in victories.
“One of our goals in the beginning of the season was to reach double digits,” the junior said.
Granite City hit the 10-win mark with the victory over Collinsville in regionals. The Warriors, who lost to the Kahoks twice during the regular season, scored three runs in the first, four in the third, two in the fourth and three in the sixth.
“Our team really worked together to get that playoff win,” Tanksley said. “It was very exciting.”
The Warriors also had victories over Springfield Lanphier, Greenville, Althoff, Springfield, Civic Memorial, Roxana, Cahokia and two wins over East St. Louis. Their season ended on May 24 with a 10-0 loss to Edwardsville in the regional semifinals.
Tanksley said she's already looking forward to her senior season.
“It went by really fast,” said Tanksley, who also plays volleyball at GCHS. “I'm really excited and hopefully, that we'll get more wins than we did this year.”
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and #AdVsports on Twitter
NY Times News Service, SAN FRANCISCO
Slack is the classic Silicon Valley accidental success. Born three years ago, with roots in a failed video game, the messaging software is now used by 5 million people.
The company behind it, Slack Technologies Inc, found success by combining something that Silicon Valley fetishizes — rich data on how people use a product — with something it often overlooks: How do people actually feel while using it?
This combination produced an unlikely hit that, when it became available in 2014, grew mostly by word-of-mouth.
Last year, the privately held company was valued at nearly US$4 billion.
Slack faces a significant new challenge. It has become big enough to draw a competitive response from giants like Microsoft Corp, but not big enough to have the roster of large corporate clients that it needs to compete with the giants.
Last fall, Microsoft announced a direct Slack rival called Teams, to be given free to all 85 million users of its Office 365.
At the same time, Facebook Inc made its work collaboration tool, Workplace, widely available free.
As a result, Slack must fend off some of technology's largest and fiercest competitors if it wants to be more than a niche tool for small businesses and teams.
Microsoft offers ways for employees to collaborate, and while its offerings have not been viral hits, they have offered boring but important features that big companies demand, like strong data security and regulatory compliance controls.
There is no illusion within Slack that success is certain.
However, chief executive Stewart Butterfield said small tech companies with new ideas had long defeated larger rivals that tried to copy them.
One advantage Slack has is focus, Butterfield said.
Microsoft has Slack-like products, but the executives who run those businesses within Microsoft must “compete for budget and mind share and attention,” he said.
Most Slack users are on a free version. About 1.5 million pay Slack US$6.50 to US$12.50 per month for features like message storage and search.
The 800-person company is on track to generate more than US$200 million in revenue this year, but it is not profitable.
Jeremy Bower has been on the run since Friday and is deemed armed and dangerous.
The Leelanau County Sheriff's Office and the Traverse Narcotics Team hope you can help them find him.
It's a story we brought you over the weekend.
He ran away from his home as TNT was executing a search warrant.
Bower ran from the home on Autumn Drive off of Center Highway in Elmwood Township.
9&10's Megan Woods has more details on the moments leading up to his escape.
“There were small children, one which was his that he left upon fleeing.”
When deputies and TNT officers showed up to arrest Jeremy Bower he took off, leaving a lot behind.
They found his two year old daughter, a three year old boy, two adults and plenty of trouble.
Leelanau County Undersheriff Steve Morgan says, “It's a serious matter when you have a location with illegal drugs, cocaine in this matter as well as a loaded firearm which was stolen, you have kids in that environment.”
Bower got away and police says he's known to carry a weapon with him, which is why he may be armed and dangerous.
Undersheriff Morgan says, “Mr. Bower has 12 current outstanding warrants most of them are for traffic offenses, but he also has an outstanding assault with a dangerous weapon charge and also bench warrants for possession of illegal drugs for retail fraud.”
Sara LaBonte lives nearby and says she knows when she sees something suspicious to call the sheriff's office. “I have faith that they'll get him, it'll just take time and with the weather I don't see him being outside, someone knows where he's at.”
Some neighbors are feeling a little uneasy about the situation and upset about what was happening so close to home.
LaBonte says, “It's sickening that they would have that young of children in the house around all that stuff I mean toddlers they put things in their mouths all the time.”
The sheriff's office says if you see Bowers to not approach him and call 231-256-8800 because he is armed and dangerous.
Kerry's got a whole new look
Kerry Katona might have had her ups and downs but she's totally turned her life around recently – and has got an AMAZING new hairdo to go with it!
The Atomic Kitten star has swapped her short blonde locks for long brunette tresses and wowed Loose Women viewers as she showed her transformation off on Friday's show.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
MORE: Kerry Katona shows off toned abs after 2st weight loss
Not only has Kerry, 37, got a fab new barnet but she's also working a toned bod, and was happy to bravely strip to a bikini live on air to showcase her washboard abs as she spoke of how confident she's feeling right now.
‘I've got to say this is the best headspace I've been in in a long, long time,' the mum-of-five told the panel. ‘I feel sexy and empowered.'
Fans were loving Kerry's bold ‘do and heaped praise on her via social media.
‘I'm loving you as brunette,' one follower gushed, whilst another wrote: ‘Omg I love it , makes u look younger too'
And one added: ‘Always thought you look better with long hair rather than short. You look gorgeous and really well.'
Before heading to the show Kerry – who has been eating healthily, working out and using slimming injections to get her new figure – had given fans a glimpse of her transformed hair in an Instagram selfie.
‘A little sneak peek!!! What do we think of the dark hair????' the singer captioned the snap.
Kerry spoke during her time on the programme of how she's not only overhauled her lifestyle but she's also changed her love life by deciding to stay single.
The TV star is still going through a divorce from third husband George Kay and thinks that being by herself is helping her to stay in a good frame of mind.
‘I think being single is definitely the way forward,' Kerry explained. ‘I'm definitely in a relationship with myself and learning to love me. I've always ended up in a really bad relationship.
‘Don't get me wrong I'm an old romantic and still believe in love and marriage, but for now I need to concentrate on me, my needs and my children.'
Kerry revealed that she's been off her medication for bipolar disorder for eight months – which she had help with from her doctor – and also said that she's ‘forgiven' her exes as she moves on with her life.
We think you're looking fab, Kezza!
KL Rahul
R Ashwin will play for Worcestershire in the County Championship. ​After the completion of the Test series against Sri Lanka, off-spinner R Ashwin and batsman Cheteshwar Pujara will travel to England to take part in the last few rounds of the 2017 County Championship.Before the start of the season, Pujara inked a deal to turn up for Nottinghamshire and played a few matches before joining the Indian team for the Sri Lanka series while Ashwin has agreed to play for Worcestershire in the last few rounds.Also read: R Ashwin set to play in County ChampionshipsWorld no. 1 Test bowler Ravindra Jadeja could also be a part of the tournament as he is currently holding talks with a few teams, but it is still unclear whom he will play for.With India set to tour overseas (outside Asia) where the Indian players have struggled to produce results in the past, it won't be a bad idea if few regulars from the Indian side head to England and play County Cricket.The BCCI should also encourage the players to take part in County Cricket as it will surely help them in getting used to the conditions and improving their game.Let us take a look at five players who need County Cricket to improve their game away from home.NOTE: The list does not include the likes of Pujara, Ashwin and Jadeja (likely) as they are set to feature over the next few weeks. has cemented his spot as an opener in the Indian Test teamOpener announced his arrival in international cricket by scoring a brilliant century against Australia at the SCG in 2015. Since then, he is yet to play outside Asia against a top Test team.In the meantime, he has sealed his spot on the side, thanks to some consistent performances in the last year and a half. He averages 45 after his first 18 matches and has scored eight fifties and four hundreds. Although most of his runs have come either at home or against weaker opposition away from home, Rahul has shown that he has the temperament and skill to succeed in the longer formats. With India set to tour South Africa, England and Australia in the next year and a half, Rahul is certain to open the innings for Virat Kohli's men in those series.Also read: equals the record for most consecutive 50 plus scoresWithout any match experience, barring a couple of two-day warm-up matches against local teams before the start of the series, it will be difficult for the Karnataka batsman to get going against some world-class bowlers in conditions that are alien to the Indian cricketers.To avoid this, a brief stint with one of the County teams will help Rahul get used to the conditions and improve his game before the team start touring overseas.​
Since 2015, 60,000 British Columbians have registered to give the gift of life, thanks to a valuable partnership between Service BC and BC Transplant. “Organ donations save lives. Our staff at Service BC play a vital role in helping people learn more about registering to be an organ donor,” said Jinny Sims, Minister of Citizens' Services. “These dedicated workers not only provide thoughtful guidance and the knowledge that people need to make this important decision, but also information on how to talk to their family members about their choice.” Sims was in Nanaimo, along with representatives from Service BC, BC Transplant, and organ donor recipients and their families, to highlight the partnership between BC Transplant and Service BC. This collaboration has resulted in 18,797 registrants at Service BC offices between April and December of 2017 alone — an increase of 4% from the previous year.
Security is one of the few tech sectors that thrives primarily thanks to the cruel intentions of bad actors. White hats and black hats exist symbiotically. Without the criminal element to create demand, CISOs would just hang up their spurs and call it a day.
While the tension between adversaries is a necessary function of the security industry, and spurs innovation, 2016 was an especially brutal year for the good guys.
So let's begin 2017 with a sense of gratitude, because at least 2016 is behind us and having seen the best that black hats have thrown at our collective networks last year, now is the time for the white hats to respond.
From meddling with elections to the IoT bot DDOS attacks, we experienced pain, but I believe we are entering a golden age of security automation and resilience.
Security is still hot
This market is Yuge
Gartner estimates that the security market size will be $120bn by 2020. In my While last year's predictions for the market were significantly higher ($170 billion vs. $120 billion) the size of the industry is vast. A few unicorns can still range across the market without poking horns into each other's eyes.
And look at the services portion of the market pie – it's $55 billion — big getting bigger. If you are a security startup and think it's all about auto-magical products, think again. Forget that VC mantra of all product and no service — listen to your customer. Managed security service providers are growing at triple digit rates. Even though it's somewhat annoying, a self-congratulatory pat on the back is necessary here – we called this “need for security services” last year.
The incumbents need help
All the major security companies – Symantec, Cisco, HP, Juniper – cannot move fast enough. Partnerships and acquisitions are the way.
As of November 2016, Momentum Partners tracked over 120 mergers and acquisitions transactions worth over $17 billion. Symantec acquired Blue Coat for $4.7bn and Lifelock for another $2.3bn. At Bluecoat, Greg Clark and Mike Fey grew by acquisitions. They are now leading Symantec, so expect more acquisitions. And partnerships. Cisco completed its twelfth security acquisition – Cloudlock – this year. Oracle acquired CASB
They are now leading Symantec, so expect more acquisitions. And partnerships. Cisco completed its twelfth security acquisition – Cloudlock – this year. Oracle acquired CASB Palerra and DNS provider Dyn. And HP, Juniper, and Microsoft are likely to get on the prowl soon.
VC Investments cross $4bn
In 2016, VC investments crossed $4 billion. At least three venture capital funds are dedicated largely to security – Trident Cybersecurity, Allegis Capital and TenEleven Ventures. When we cut the investment data (sourced from Pitchbook & Momentum Partners) by number of deals done, this market is flattening.
The number and size of later stage investments and rounds continue to grow as do their valuations. For entrepreneurs the message is clear — investors will fund your growth, not your PowerPoint slideware. Seed stage valuations are lower, which is good for seed stage investors like me.
But the counterpoint is that I also see a lot of noise, me-toos and junk. Tracking some 1200 companies, these sub-sectors are obviously overheated. Put it differently, over $20bn has been invested in 1700+ security companies since 2010. By any estimates, less than 10% are profitable. And while we have a few Unicorns, we have yet to see meaningful exits.
Category Capital invested since 2010 ($bn) Number of companies Security & Vulnerability Management 4.7 113 Web and App Security 4.6 129 Network Security 4.2 221 Identity & Access 2.4 189 Endpoint Protection 2.3 83
May God bless America… and my CISO
Religious overtones aside, it's time we put the spotlight on the soldiers of the digital age. It will be sometime before we start giving out Congressional medals of honor to CISOs – the silent majority who protect our data every day. In the meantime, take a minute to empathise with their condition.
A typical CISO has to deal with at least twenty five different technology solutions to identify, protect, detect, respond and remediate their assets. And the range of assets include applications, data, endpoints, networks and identity. Stuart McClure, CEO of Cylance pointed out that the CISOs are often the fall guys when things go wrong. Their role has been relegated to a Chief Apology Officer. The C suite / board needs to understand that a CISO is the soldier on the front lines. They need to be respected, honored and protected, sometimes from their own management hubris. And when they are done with protection, the sales guys never stop.
2017 – The Age of Resilience
As we look at 2017, it's evident that the CISO has moved from “we will be hacked someday” to “we are already compromised” to “give me that disaster recovery solution NOW.” It doesn't get any worse. The mindset has moved precipitously towards hot backups in the age of ransomware and DDOS.
This is leading to new opportunities such as splinternet, where new companies will create tightly controlled overlay networks. Networks and security are no longer separate conversations and this trend will create a whole new set of opportunities over the next five years. Notwithstanding the regulatory / data residency laws, the push for a closed network is driven by the fact that security will never keep us 100% safe. So its time to extend the span of control into the traffic.
Other growth trends include the push for automation in the era of talent shortage. The hype of AI has already set in but a lot of remains to be proven.
The 2016 DARPA Cyber Grand Challenge was an epic milestone but its commercial implications are yet to be achieved. With 86% workloads anticipated to move to the cloud by 2020, data center security is rapidly gaining traction. Visibility and orchestration are major themes that are playing out well.
Before Amazon Web Services kills everyone and reigns the world, several startups are optimistic enough to address this market opportunity. As we look at IoT, physical security becomes of paramount importance. Companies like DeDrone (backed by Menlo Ventures) are redefining data center security.
Industrial automation and oil/gas verticals are amidst major overhaul. Tom Le, Executive Director of Cyber, GE Digital Wurldtech remarked that “OT is at least 15 years behind IT, and that gap is only growing wider.” ExxonMobil is working with Lockheed Martin to develop process automation infrastructure. By some estimates is a $40 billion expenditure. Companies like Security Matters (backed by Bosch Ventures) Tempered Networks (backed by Ignition, Rally Capital) Indegy (backed by Aspect Ventures) and Nozomi Networks (backed by GGV) have raised capital in 2016 to solve for “critical infrastructure” security.
What must change
As we look at 2017, I hope for three changes:
Security vendor accountability ought to get better. We can no longer operate, as some accuse us to be, as snake oil salesmen. Fear driven tactics never work in the long haul. Shame on us when ransomware ‘vendors' offer SLAs and we cannot. Shame on us if we cannot “red team” our own security products.
Secondly, design matters. Our products are not for nerds but for noobies. They have just arrived, on their second day in that SOC. They should be able to use your products, integrate it easily without a CISSP / PhD.
Finally, security sales should induce less nausea and more joy. Bob Lord, CISO of Yahoo who has been beset with “got a minute?” sales calls pleads, “Never pitch a transaction. Please.” So let's aim to solve problems and win customers for life. That's better than being slick and winning a deal. Lets empower the frontlines. Because it impacts all of us.
Featured Image: BeeBright/Shutterstock
It's the most wonderful time of year! It's officially Mardi Gras in the Port City. The first parade hit the streets and there's nothing stopping the good times from rolling now. Well, there are a few things that could stop us, but hopefully Mother Nature plays nice and everyone behaves themselves. Well, OK, maybe not the behaving yourself part, because what fun would that be?
So grab those party pants and get ready for the boom boom. This week's gossip will have you craving more beads, beer and Boozie!
Not so sneaky …
Speaking of Mardi Gras fun and misbehaving, this past Friday night Boozie and friends went downtown to catch a parade. Being good parade goers, we made sure we had plenty of beer to last the whole parade. Well, a few kids (maybe 13-year-olds, I'm really bad with judging ages) happened to notice we had said stash of suds … and those knuckleheads started scheming to steal it!
I noticed their plan right off the bat, and also realized this is how I always got caught — kids aren't as sneaky as they think they are. The boys emptied their drink cups and put them right next to the supply of beer, then made a few laps. Once the parade started, they couldn't resist catching throws, but when the bands came by they put their plan into action.
After asking each other which beer and who, they decided the tallest would be best for the job. He got close enough to nab a beer and make off with it, but then dad shows up to stand in the back of the crowd with them. Not this time, boys! Even if they had the chance to take one, Boozie would have chased them down. No one is taking my beer and getting away with it, especially not a 13-year-old! I told y'all, I am always watching.
All hail
It's going to be a long Mardi Gras if my spies are going to be this slow getting me info. Anyway, here is the recap of the Order of Osiris ball last weekend. But at least this scoop was worth the wait. Sounds like another fab Osiris!
Once again Osiris took the stage at the Convention Center and this year they did not disappoint. Queen Kimmie and Queen Barclay reigned over the “Treasures of the Caribbean Ball” and the costumes were breathtaking. The order's three emblems — Osiris, Isis and Horus — came out after the Queens and then it was time for the costumes.
The ball opened with Carnival Fantasy, complete with a lipsynching captain, a bartender, a cruise director and a glamorous showgirl. Once the crowds started catching jello shots I knew we were in for a fun night of frolic! From the Carnival cruise to a mermaid in a clamshell, to two Bermuda Triangle pilots standing in front of the most glittered prop I have ever seen, the show kept on and on being amazing. The Caribbean jerk chicken was one of my very favorite foods of the evening. If I had to put my glitter-covered finger on one particular costume that was exquisite, though, I would have to say my hat would be tipped toward the Bird of Paradise.
The tableau was topped off by the crowning of Queen Angela and Queen Tracy, who made a stunning first walk around the area in what appeared to be a Greek chariot! Congratulations to Osiris for another job well done and congratulations to Queen Angela and Queen Tracy who I know will have a beautiful reign! I can't wait to see what you have in store for us for next year!
Ball of Joy
If you are going to attend one Mardi Gras ball, I would suggest Joy of Life Mardi Gras Ball benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. My spy who attended the ball this past Saturday night said it is always so much fun, and it's also great knowing you are helping others. Not to mention the food is good, too.
The theme of this year's ball was “There's No Place Like St. Jude.” Going with the theme, Playhouse in the Park's “Wizard of Oz” characters made a special appearance. What makes the Joy of Life ball so special — besides the fact that they are raising money for St. Jude — is that kids are in attendance and St. Jude patients are crowned king and queen of the ball.
This year Lindsey Crawley was crowned queen and Jacob Simons was crowned king. That's not all: Artist Melissa Munger was there doing a live painting that was later auctioned off. The couple that bought the painting got to be painted in too! Boozie loves a good, heartwarming Mardi Gras ball. (We all know how most balls go …)
Spotted
With all the Mardi Gras buzz going on, there were also reports of Dolph Lundgren being spotted downtown! Dolph is best known for playing Ivan Drago in the 1985 film “Rocky IV.” It has been speculated he's in town filming the movie “Black Water.” With a release date of sometime in 2018, Boozie is willing to bet this won't be the last we see of him! Just please stay away from Apollo Creed, Dolph. That's all we ask.
Well, kids, that's all I've got this week. Just remember, whether rain or shine, dramatic or scandalous or just some plain ol' beer lovin', I will be there. Ciao!
FILE- In this Aug. 30, 2012, file photo, a tour group walks through the campus of Harvard University in Cambridge, Mass. A report released Tuesday, Jan. 26, 2016, shows a drop in college endowment growth during the school year ending June 30, 2015, after two years of strong gains. Harvard University stayed atop the list, followed by Yale University and the University of Texas system. At nearly 300 colleges in the study, endowments shrank last year. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File) ORG XMIT: BX301
Elise Amendola, AP
With high school seniors soon heading off to college, parents are faced with the daunting task of figuring out the best way to tap the money they've saved for their kids' higher education. After all, they want to ensure they can stretch those hard-earned dollars as far as they can.
What complicates matters when parents go to pay is not only the exorbitant cost — the average sticker price for tuition, fees, and room and board at a private college this past academic year was $48,170, according to The College Board — but the fact that the savings are spread around in a variety of accounts, ranging from cash to stocks and in investments that are shielded from taxes and those that are not.
About a third (30%) of the savings is invested in 529 college savings plans, 22% is parked in savings accounts and 14% is sitting in investment accounts, according to Sallie Mae's recently released "How America Saves for College 2018."
Just like recent retirees have to come up with a strategy to begin withdrawing funds they accumulated for their Golden Years in 401(k)s and IRAs, so do parents looking to maximize college savings.
"I always tell clients, it's one thing to save for college," says Marguerite Cheng, CEO of Blue Ocean Global Wealth based in Gaithersburg, Md. "Now, you have to learn how to pay for college."
Some financial decisions, such as selling stocks in accounts that don't shelter gains from the IRS, can cause you to pay more in taxes. Others can have a negative impact on your financial aid package or reduce your eligibility for government tax credits, such as the American Opportunity Tax Credit, which maxes out at $2,500.
One thing you should not do to fund your child's higher education is to raid your own 401(k) retirement account, says Andrew Tapparo, president and founder of Tapparo Capital Management in Topsfield, Mass. "You can always get a loan for college, but nobody is giving loans for retirement."
More Money: 'Consumer Reports' reverses course, recommends Tesla Model 3 after Elon Musk improves brakes
More Money: ABC's move to ax 'Roseanne' reflects businesses are often at front lines of culture wars
More Money: Walmart to pay college costs for its U.S. workers who will have to contribute just $1 a day
Here's a guide for deciding what types of savings you should tap first to pay that big tuition bill:
College payment option plan
If you have enough cash left over in your checkbook each month, see if the college has an interest-free monthly payment plan that allows you to spread part — or all — of your tuition payments over the full school year for a small fee, Tapparo says. Cash still yields close to 0%, so you won't give up much in returns by pulling it out of your savings or checking account. If you can set aside $500 or $1,000 a month, you can whittle your college bill down by $5,000 or $10,000 each year.
529 college savings plan
Since 529 plans are filled with dollars specifically set aside for college — and the savings, gains and withdrawals have no tax consequences — this is the next bucket of money to pull from, personal finance pros say.
Most 529 plans are invested in so-called "age-based" funds, which means the portfolio gets more conservative and is heavier on cash and bonds — rather than riskier stocks — by the time your son or daughter enters college. That means the 529 won't lose a lot of value even in the event of a stock market swoon.
Don't drain your 529 savings in your child's freshman year. Instead, divvy up the money equally over four years to increase your chances of earning more on your money while it remains invested and giving you more payment flexibility in the future, advises Maria Bruno, head of U.S. wealth planning research at mutual fund firm Vanguard. Parents can also keep a higher 529 balance as the funds have a more limited impact on annual aid eligibility.
Cash
College savings sitting in a bank account are worth tapping next. Why? The national average yield on a bank savings account is a minuscule 0.09%, according to Bankrate.com. "The money isn't working for you anyway," Tapparo says. Using your cash also means you don't have to sell assets in other accounts, which gives them an opportunity to continue grow in value. Plus, there are no adverse tax consequences from using cash.
Stocks and funds in taxable accounts
Stocks or mutual funds in taxable accounts are the last assets you want to sell to raise cash for tuition. The reason: Any market gains will be subject to capital gains taxes, which will both boost your tax bill and potentially put you in a higher tax bracket. The tax hit also means less of your money can go toward paying your tuition bill.
"The key is to pay for college in the most tax-efficient manner as possible," Vanguard's Bruno says.
One more word of advice: Make sure you don't have too much money for tuition riding on stocks. If the market tanks your account balance will shrink.
"You don't want to tell your kid you lost money in the market and you can't go to college until you are 20," says Cheng, adding that parents should pare back their stock portfolio and move more money into cash as college nears.
Students head to class at Parrish Hall via Magill Walk on the campus of Swarthmore College on September 3, 2013.
Laurence Kesterson, Laurence Kesterson
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
SINGAPORE: Recent comments by Indonesian air force officials on the Singapore Flight Information Region (FIR) as reported by local media "misrepresent the facts", said Singapore's ambassador to Indonesia in a statement on Monday (Dec 11).
Ambassador Anil Kumar Nayar referred to an article published by MetroTVnews.com on Nov 30.
The article, "Permintah Harus Segera Kendalikan Penerbangan di Langit Kepri" (The government should immediately control flights over KEPRI skies), carried the comments of former Indonesian Air Force Chief of Staff, Air Chief Marshal (Ret'd) Chappy Hakim and Chairman of the Air Power Centre of Indonesia Air Vice Marshal (Ret'd), Air Vice Marshal Koesnadi Kardi.
"Their comments, as reported, misrepresent the facts. First the administration of the FIR is not an issue of sovereignty. It is based on operational and technical considerations to provide effective air traffic control services. The paramount priority is aviation safety. This complex issue is under the ambit of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), and involves other countries and international users of the busy airspace covered by the FIR," Singapore's ambassador said.
He added that it is "not unusual" for air traffic authorities of one country to provide air traffic management services in the territorial airspace of another country.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Indonesia, for example, provides air traffic management services in airspace which belongs to other countries."
The ambassador also said that a reported comment by Air Vice Marshal (Ret'd) Koesnadi that Indonesia "currently ... only recieve(s) a small slice of the cake" of Route Air Navigation Services (RANS) charges is untrue.
"All RANS charges that Singapore collects on behalf of Indonesia are remitted to the Directorate-General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) Indonesia, less the bank transfer costs. And DGCA Indonesia has always found the accounts to be in order," he added.
Baring last minute change, the former new PDP bloc of the Progressives Congress (APC) will announce their exit from the mainstream of the party in preparation to joining the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).
Arrowheads of the group include Senate President Bukola Saraki, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, and a former governor of Kano State, Rabiu Kwankwaso.
Multiple sources said that the faction will address a press conference later on Wednesday to announce the decision.
The announcement of the formation of what is tagged the ‘new APC' is said to be the first step in what would lead to a coalition of political parties and interests, to challenge President Muhammadu Buhari.
The faction, comprising some former governors and ranking lawmakers, has been in a tug of war with the APC government.
Some of the nPDP members, including Mr Saraki, former Adamawa governor, Murtala Nyako, and a senator, Dino Melaye, are facing corruption and other charges.
A number of the faction's chieftains also complained about being left in the cold during the party's congresses that took place between May and June this year.
Four governors and other ranking PDP members, including Mr Saraki, jettisoned the party in the run off to the 2015 polls, shoving up the chances of the then opposition APC.
But since forming the new government, many fault-lines started emerging, with the elements from the PDP bloc complaining of marginalisation.
A chieftain of APC who has been critical of the Buhari administration, Buba Galadima, confirmed the impending press conference.
He, however, declined disclosing details though he did not refute that a new faction of the ruling party was going to be unveiled at the venue.
“I don't want to preempt it,” Mr Galadima, who was secretary of the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), Mr Buhari's former party, said.
But a source familiar with the horse-tradings disclosed that the press conference today would herald merger of various blocs ahead of the election.
“There have been discussions and a memorandum of understanding drafted among the interest blocs that would take care of everyone's interest going into the PDP,” the source said.
According to the source, those going into the new alliance include the Social Democratic Party (SDP) and the African Democratic Congress (ADC), believed to be backed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo.
Calls placed to spokespersons of Mr Saraki and Dogara Wednesday afternoon where not answered. Text messages sent to both Yusuf Olaniyonu, Mr Saraki's media aide, and Turaki Hassan, Mr Dogara's spokesperson, were also not replied.
Mr Kwankwaso's spokesperson, Binta Spikin, was however unreachable Wednesday afternoon. Calls placed to her known telephone number did not go through.
Jordan Pickford, 24, became the hero of the hour last night as his magnificent save secured England a spot in the World Cup quarter-final.
England faced Colombia in the first knockout stage of the tournament, and the teams were level at 1-1 at full-time.
After extra time England and Colombia were still even, meaning the dreaded penalty shootout was imminent.
After a tense round of penalties, Pickford made a crucial save sending the Three Lions to the quarter-final.
The goalie's girlfriend, Megan Davison, was visibly a nervous wreck as she watched from the stands.
The stunning blonde is supporting her boyfriend in Russia during the World Cup.
A consultant has presented the city of Overland Park with four options for possible routes to upgrade the aging facilities for the downtown OP Farmers Market. Three of the options would keep the market essentially on its present site. The fourth would see the market move a couple blocks to the south to the Santa Fe Commons park area.
Among the advantages of a move to Santa Fe Commons would be the opportunity for more community events and an expanded vendor roster.
What do you think about the idea of moving the market to Santa Fe Commons?
How would you feel about the Overland Park Farmers Market moving to Santa Fe Commons?
I think I'd generally support it.
I'd need more detailed information about the plans.
I think I'd generally oppose it.
Results
Vote
How would you feel about the Overland Park Farmers Market moving to Santa Fe Commons?
I think I'd generally support it.
49 ( 44.55 % )
I'd need more detailed information about the plans.
34 ( 30.91 % )
I think I'd generally oppose it.
27 ( 24.55 % )
Back
It was one of the Guptas' favourite cars up until they fled the country.
Every day, the bullet-proofed black Infiniti QX80 could be found parked outside Oakbay's offices in Sandown.
But instead of being out in the sun for all to see, the multi-million rand luxury vehicle and its equally impressive mate, a black Porsche Cayenne, are hidden away in the corner of a parking lot of the Grayston Ridge Office Park in Sandown.
News24 visited the offices recently and saw the vehicles parked there. There were crates on the back seat of the Infiniti.
According to workers at the office park, the two cars were parked there around the time the Guptas were said to have left the country. And they haven't moved since.
Security features
The pair is worth a few million.
A standard specification Infiniti QX80 retails for about R1.4m. But the vehicle found by News24 was worth considerably more, owing to the added security features. The additional bulletproofing, ballistic glass and run-flat tyres almost doubled the cost of the vehicle to a secure R3.2m.
READ: Guptas ripped off poor in planned R1bn a year scam
Infiniti Melrose, the sole distributors of the Infiniti range of vehicles in SA, confirmed that a QX80 was sold to the Gupta-owned company Confident Concepts in late 2015.
However, staff were unwilling to divulge further information about the purchase price. Confident Concepts is one of several Gupta-linked companies that applied for business rescue earlier this year.
Quotations contained in the Gupta leaks emails show that the Guptas obtained quotes for an Infiniti QX80 in both B4 and B6 plating, amounting to R1.6m and R3.2m respectively.
Infiniti Melrose confirmed that the QX80 was outfitted with category B6 armour plating, sufficient to withstand fire from an AK47 assault rifle. Short of an attack from a high-powered rifle and dedicated armour piercing rounds, the occupants would be safe from most forms of fire.
Together, the two vehicles are worth an estimated R5m.
Gupta suvs
An Infiniti and Porsche Cayenne are seen in the parking lot of Oakbay's offices. (Angelique Hartleb, News24)
The Infiniti and Porsche just happen to be part of a court-issued restraint order obtained by the State under the Prevention of Organised Crime Act (POCA). The order was obtained by the Asset Forfeiture Unit (AFU) on April 11 and a large number of Gupta-linked assets was attached.
The assets are connected to the accused in the Vrede dairy farm case and in total are worth an estimated R180m.
The long list of assets included numerous houses, the most well-known being the compound in Saxonwold, as well as cars, coal mines, the private jets ZS-OAK and ZS-AKG, as well as helicopters.
Assets
The respondents include current and previous Oakbay executives Asha Chawla, Nazeem Howa, Varun Gupta and Ronica Ragavan, as well as Estina director Kamal Vasram. Their personal assets, including property and vehicles, were included in the order.
The court list also included bank accounts held at the Bank of Baroda and First National Bank amounting to R22m.
The order indicated that the respondents or any third parties who may be in possession of any of the property sought under the order must, under POCA, surrender the property into the custody of the appointed curator bonis.
“Any third party who is in possession or control of any of the property or who acquires knowledge of this order is also ordered to surrender such to the curator within 24 hours of being informed,” the papers read.
Clearly, nobody has handed over these two assets yet.
Shortly after the Saxonwold compound was raided by the AFU, the Guptas through their attorney Rudi Krause of BDK Attorneys, announced they would challenge the AFU's restraint of assets order.
The Infiniti QX80 and Porsche Cayenne Diesel are listed under their owner Confident Concepts (Pty) Ltd in the restraint order as well as a number of other cars, including a Lamborghini Gallardo, Land Rover and BMW Rolls-Royce.
[Source: News24]
Comments
comments
Band: Jonathan Richman featuring Tommy Larkins
Date: Thursday, Feb. 23, with doors at 8:30 p.m.
Venue: The Merry Widow, 51 S. Joachim St., www.themerrywidow.net
Tickets: $12 advance /$15 day of show; available at The Merry Widow and its website
Most people who lived through the ‘90s saw at least one comedy from the Farrelly Brothers. Their 1996 comedy “Kingpin” gave viewers a glimpse of Jonathan Richman performing in one scene set in a roadside diner. Two years later, drummer Tommy Larkins joined Richman in “There's Something About Mary,” where the duo performed as musical narrators to the film's comedic plot.
While the inclusion of Richman may have seemed obscure to many, these two films added to his already established cult following. This singer-songwriter has a background that includes both his solo work and his time as a member of the proto-punk group The Modern Lovers. Afterward, Richman began churning out his off-beat songs.
Richman is currently on the road, with Larkins laying down the beat. For those unfamiliar with this unique artist, Richman's original sounds can shift seamlessly, from comedic to heartfelt. The crowd can also expect to hear tracks from his latest release, “Ishkode! Ishkode!”
The annual July 1 march took place in Hong Kong on Sunday to mark the 21st anniversary of Britain's handover of the territory to China in 1997. The march, an important barometer of public sentiment in Hong Kong, has suffered from dwindling participation over the past few years, with turnout down again this year. The organizer, the Civil Human Rights Front, said 50,000 people attended, while the police put the figure at 9,800 — either way, they are the lowest figures on record.
The low turnout should not be mistaken as a sign that Hong Kongers are content with the current situation, or as an indication of political apathy. Instead, it is the inevitable consequence of a systematic effort by Beijing to interfere with Hong Kong's domestic affairs and subvert its political and judicial independence, supposedly guaranteed under the Basic Law, the territory's mini-constitution.
Four years after the “Umbrella movement,” the pushback by Hong Kong's pro-democracy activists appears to have come to an end. With Taiwan's nine-in-one elections just around the corner, events in Hong Kong serve as a timely reminder of the bleak future Taiwan would face should its own pro-unification camp ever get its way.
Beijing has exerted its influence over Hong Kong through a puppet government led by Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam (林鄭月娥). In an interview with the Financial Times, Lam gushingly said: “You may say that it's shoe-shining, but I have to say I find [Chinese] President Xi Jinping [習近平] more and more charismatic and admirable.”
The run-up to this year's march was a clear example of meddling by her administration.
First, an application to use Victoria Park as the starting point for the rally was rejected for the second year in a row. The space was instead given to the Hong Kong Celebrations Association, a pro-Beijing organization.
Second, prior to the march, Hong Kong police warned protesters they could be arrested if they joined the march mid-route. It is difficult to explain this away as anything other than a naked attempt by the authorities to intimidate and make it as difficult as possible for members of the public to participate.
The harassment of law-abiding marchers by the authorities fits a pattern of steadily deteriorating freedoms for the territory's residents. Since the “Umbrella movement,” prominent pro-democracy student activists such as Nathan Law (羅冠聰) and Alex Chow (周永康) have been handed prison terms for unlawful assembly.
Meanwhile, pro-democracy and pro-independence activists were banned from running in the 2016 Hong Kong Legislative Council election or, having contested and successfully won seats, were removed from office on spurious grounds relating to the “improper” taking of their oaths.
Then there are the five employees of a book publisher who were kidnapped by Chinese secret police and detained in China for selling books critical of the Xi regime. Another high-profile activist, Edward Leung (梁天琦), was last month handed a six-year jail sentence for his involvement in the 2016 Mong Kok “fishball revolution” on trumped-up rioting charges, which prompted criticism from the last governor of the British colony, Chris Patten.
All of this is a far cry from the promises Beijing made before the handover in 1997. Beijing's “one country, two systems” framework was supposed to guarantee Hong Kong's political and economic systems would remain unchanged for 50 years.
Imagine a terrorist organization, which causes death and injury to many civilians and state officials, bombing schools, buildings and crowded squares of populated cities. Now imagine this same terrorist organization freely protesting and marching in famous squares in the United States and Europe, waving their flag with their leader's pictures on it. It sounds intolerable, doesn't it? Well, this is the reality in the PKK case.
Briefly, the PKK is designated as a terrorist organization both by the U.S. and the EU, and more than 20 other countries also list it as a terrorist organization. Since 1984, the PKK has been threatening Turkey's national security and peace by carrying out bloody and violent terrorist attacks that have caused the death of thousands of people, civilians and security forces. Turkey has been battling the PKK within its borders for nearly 40 years.
Recently, the Turkish Armed Forces (TSK) launched a counterterrorism offensive, Operation Olive Branch, against the PKK-affiliated groups near its border in the hope of safeguarding its own people and state. Meanwhile, despite the fact that the PKK is a violent terrorist organization, hundreds of supporters of the PKK/People's Protection Units (YPG) - its Syrian armed offshoot - were able to march on the high street of Cologne with posters of the PKK's imprisoned founding leader Abdullah Öcalan and the flags of the terrorist organization while the German police did nothing but escort PKK/YPG sympathizers.
Moreover, recently in one of the busiest streets of London, sympathizers of the PKK/YPG were protesting without any intervention from the British security forces. Once again, the protestors were carrying PKK/YPG flags and a poster of Öcalan. For some reason, both countries, which had already declared the PKK a terrorist group, seem to restrain themselves from taking any action against it.
While the PKK is able to freely convey their campaign, one cannot imagine a similar situation for Daesh or al-Qaida marching with posters of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi or Osama bin Laden in European countries like Germany, the U.K., France or in the U.S.
Would the sympathizers of a terrorist organization be able to conduct freedom marches to protest the imprisonment of members of Daesh or al-Qaida? Would journalists, politicians or various NGOs of these Western countries be able to openly support these terrorist organizations' demonstrations? The answer to these questions is a clear no. This is, of course, the reasonable and necessary stance to be taken against the terrorists. There should be no place for terrorists to raise their voices within a democratic society. However, this attitude must be toward all terrorist organizations without exceptions.
Washington's take
In addition to these demonstrations, the U.S. has openly increased military cooperation and arms support with the PKK-affiliated YPG and the Democratic Union Party (PYD) in Syria. The regional allies of the U.S., especially Turkey, were distressed as a result of this overt support.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan expressed his concerns saying, "Despite all the objections, warnings and our well-intentioned suggestions, a country we call an ally is insisting on raising a terrorist army throughout our borders."
So, what is the reason for this confusion? Why does the U.S. back up and join forces with the YPG, which is an offshoot of the PKK? Turkey also wonders why the U.S. has sent around 4,000 trucks carrying weapons to the YPG. The U.S. claims that it armed and trained YPG terrorists to fight against Daesh and that is why they had deployed more than 2,000 American troops and special forces into the area to train them. According to the U.S., the YPG terrorists have played a key role in this fight. However, does this not mean that supporting terrorists is acceptable if they are useful tools?
Extremely confused with the U.S.'s actions in Syria, President Erdoğan asks, "They [the U.S.] are saying 'the PYD and YPG are fighting against Daesh.' The PYD and YPG are fighting against Daesh, but al-Nusra does not? You are declaring al-Nusra a terror organization, then why are you not accepting the PYD and YPG, which are declared terror organizations by Turkey, as terror organizations?" Despite Turkey's persistent claims of the PKK and YPG being part of the same organization and the only difference between them is their names, the U.S. continues to arm the latter. Even though U.S officials recognize the organizations' ties with the PKK, they still insist on using this semantic ambiguity to justify their actions and showing it as a fair military cooperation.
All this context to reach a main reason, but we should think simply. It was obvious that the U.S. needed a proxy to follow its interest and keep a war going in Syria. Its elites seem their allies are not desirably reliable. It is because of Turkey's proactive and multiple foreign policies within the last 15 years with the ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party). The U.S. media also helps them by dehumanizing President Erdoğan and portraying him as a sultan, autocrat or so on just because Erdoğan works not according to their interest but to his own people's demands and wishes.
Since the Syrian civil war in 2011, the U.S. has followed a two-fold policy, firstly supporting opposition forces. However, after many of these forces, which have been trained and equipped by the U.S. and Turkey, started to join other opposition forces who were not directly following the interests of the U.S. administration of that time, Daesh became a huger threat. The siege of Ayn al-Arab by Daesh switched the U.S. support to a main focus on supporting, training and equipping the YPG. Since the YPG is ideologically secular, and though they are ideologically a Marxist-Leninist group, their profile of being opposite to Daesh and not allied to the Assad regime, they became the main ally of the U.S. in Syria. The Assad regime could not be supported because of their cruelty against their own Syrian population and, Iranian and Russian backing was too big to be replaced by the U.S. Furthermore, Washington had to represent itself as those behind democratic forces, fighting for Western values and liberation in Syria, whereas Assad and a religious-motivated opposition were out of the question.
Various western media outlets support the U.S.'s claim. This is surely worrying when it is considered that the Taliban was once supported by the U.S. and is now considered a terror organization threatening international peace. The past has many examples that prove the threat and danger of making a distinction among terrorists as "good" and "bad." Therefore, it is alarming to witness the official support for the YPG by many Western political leaders. Labeling them as good in that sense can pave the way for the support of other terrorist groups as well.
Despite all, Turkey is determined to fight all terror elements that are threatening its national security from within and throughout its borders without making any distinction among the PKK, YPG and Daesh. Operation Euphrates Shield in 2016 and the ongoing Operation Olive Branch are two examples of its efforts to eliminate these organizations. According to the latest statement from the TSK, 3.622 terrorists including those belonging to the PKK/YPG and Daesh were neutralized (surrendered, killed or captured) since the beginning of the operation on Jan. 20 untill March 18 after the Aftin city center had captured. Hence, for Turkey, security threats do not change because of their ideological belonging and whom they have been assisted by.
* Mr. Kopar received his MA in International Security and Terrorism from the University of Nottingham, currently works for TRT World and focuses on Turkish politics, international security and terrorism.
It was 13 months ago. NFL Network's Daniel Jeremiah was at the combine in Indianapolis. D.J. was a guest on my SiriusXM Radio show, "Schein On Sports," and I started off the interview by asking him about the buzz in Indy. Jeremiah chuckled and then offered up a half-joking answer:
"Sam Darnold and the 2018 draft."
That great response has stayed with me since. I'm obsessed with this year's draft. Obsessed with the quarterbacks, the freakishly gifted running back, the impact defenders, the generational talent at offensive guard.
On Saturday morning, the Jets jumped up three slots in the first round to No. 3 overall by giving the Colts three second-round picks: Nos. 37 and 49 in this year's draft and another in 2019. This is a great deal for both teams -- and one that has a major ripple effect on the rest of the NFL.
Here's how this move impacts the Jets, Colts and draft plans across the league, Schein Nine style:
1) New York Jets
This is a fantastic no-brainer deal for the Jets. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but if you disagree, you are wrong. In recent decades, a handful of Jets quarterbacks have enjoyed a handful of moments. But let's be honest: This organization has been searching for its franchise QB since Joe Namath's expansive injury history caught up with him. There are two types of teams in the NFL: those that have a quarterback and those that don't. The Jets have been in that latter category for quite some time now.
As I wrote a couple weeks ago in my "QB forecaster" piece, Kirk Cousins to the Vikings was beyond logical. It just wasn't going to happen for the Jets. I knew it, you knew it -- shoot, I'm sure Gang Green brass knew it. But those power brokers have proceeded wisely in the ensuing time. The Jets signed a pair of veteran QBs -- Teddy Bridgewater and Josh McCown -- and put themselves in much better position to get their man in next month's draft. It would've been classic, old-school Jets to sit back and watch the quarterbacks fly off the board before reaching the podium themselves. But with this draft and this draft class, you have to assume it goes quarterback-quarterback-quarterback at the top. Great job by GM Mike Maccagnan in getting this deal done.
Already armed with a freshly bolstered roster following a strong effort early in free agency -- in addition to Bridgewater and McCown, the Jets also signed CB Trumaine Johnson, LB Avery Williamson, RB Isaiah Crowell and retained CB Morris Claiborne -- Big Mac needed to swing for the fences to assure the acquisition of a potential franchise gunslinger like Sam Darnold, Josh Allen or Josh Rosen. This is what the Rams and Eagles did two years ago, trading up in the draft to eventually nab Jared Goff and Carson Wentz, respectively. There's a reason why Chicago, Kansas City and Houston all moved up in last year's first round. It's wise. I've been calling for the Jets to do it. And they nailed the process. Finally. Jets fans should be excited.
2) Indianapolis Colts
Indianapolis has its quarterback in Andrew Luck. For the Colts, who are still feeling the effects of former general manager Ryan Grigson running this roster into the ground, overall depth and talent is paramount. Indy now has three second-round selections to go along with the No. 6 pick in the draft.
Despite moving down to that six slot, second-year GM Chris Ballard can still nab a defensive stud or maybe uber-hyped guard Quenton Nelson. (One GM recently told me he rates Nelson as "HOF," as in Hall of Fame.) Given how many teams will be going quarterback early in Round 1, the Colts might well end up getting the player at 6 they would've taken at 3. Or, if Ballard is feeling extra frisky, he might be able to move down again and accumulate even more draft currency. If Baker Mayfield is still available when the Colts go on the clock, some QB-desperate team could be willing to give up the farm to get to No. 6.
3) Cleveland Browns
Don't get lost in the smoke screen: Cleveland's taking a quarterback at No. 1. Browns GM John Dorsey legitimately has his job because Sashi Brown passed on Carson Wentz (a trade-down that was beyond foolish and an easy first-guess) and Deshaun Watson over the past two drafts. Dorsey MUST address the game's most important position with this draft's first pick. We've been screaming this. Everyone in the NFL believes it. And that's why the Jets had to move up -- these QBs are going to be the hottest of hot commodities on draft night.
I think Cleveland is taking Darnold, though Allen apparently remains in the mix. Saquon Barkley was never going to be the No. 1 overall pick. But now, if the Giants go QB at No. 2 -- or trade the pick to a QB-needy team -- the Browns could come away from Round 1 with their QB of the future and Barkley. How amazing would that be? Or Cleveland could pluck pass rusher Bradley Chubb and team him with Myles Garrett. Even the Browns can't mess this up. Right?
Cleveland has already added a bunch of nice pieces this offseason -- and the long-suffering franchise can own the 2018 draft. The goal should be to make the playoffs by the 2019 season. These Brownies are beautifully on track at the moment.
4) New York Giants
I long believed the Giants, who hold the No. 2 overall pick, were eyeing Saquon Barkley. And rightfully so -- the guy's a stud. But is the plan changing? At the combine, GM Dave Gettleman said the Giants would listen to offers for the No. 2 pick. And New York just got additional leverage with the QB-starved Jets trading into the No. 3 spot. Now, if you want to trade up for the quarterback, you have to offer a haul to the Giants. Big Blue's void of talent at running back, along the offensive line and on the defensive side of the ball, too. The G-Men were a mess last year. Snagging an offensive lineman like Nelson later in the top 10 would be great.
Barkley is indeed special. But when the Cowboys and Jaguars each took a running back at No. 4 overall over the past two drafts, they both instantly hit the playoffs. Even with Barkley, the Giants would still be the third- or fourth-best team in the NFC East -- at least this year.
Gettleman can get a transcendent talent or an influx of draft currency. Or what if the top player on New York's board is a quarterback whom the Browns don't take at No. 1 overall? Is it possible the Giants can't lose?
5) Buffalo Bills
The Jets beat the Bills to the punch. Buffalo entered this month with the Nos. 21 and 22 picks in the first round. Then last week, the Bills moved up from 21 to 12 by trading Cordy Glenn to the Bengals. With five selections in the first 65 picks, Buffalo is in prime position to take another leap up the board. But the Jets just made that more difficult.
The Bills have been searching for their franchise quarterback since Jim Kelly hung 'em up. They could stockpile picks into a deal with the Giants -- and hey, Bills GM Brandon Beane and head coach Sean McDermott are quite familiar with Gettleman from the four years they all spent together in Carolina. (Gettleman is Beane's old boss.) One way or another, I believe the Bills have to do what it takes to acquire one of the Big Four QBs in this class: Darnold, Allen, Rosen and Mayfield.
Buffalo just snapped a 17-year playoff drought. But the Bills won't get back to the playoffs with AJ McCarron.
6) Arizona Cardinals
The Cardinals were so close to getting Patrick Mahomes last year, but the Chiefs leapfrogged them with a trade and scooped up the cannon-armed signal-caller. Sam Bradford and Mike Glennon are now Cardinals. They are also Sam Bradford and Mike Glennon.
Arizona holds the No. 15 pick in April's draft. Would the Cards be willing to give up next year's first-rounder to slide into the No. 2 slot and snag Josh Allen? They should be. If not, this could be the team for Nick Foles -- well, if Philly's asking price ever becomes realistic.
7) Denver Broncos
Denver signed Case Keenum and John Elway gushed. I'd pick Quenton Nelson at No. 5. But is Elway fully content with his QB room?
This is, of course, rampant rumor season -- and some are speculating that Elway could trade up for Allen or Rosen, or maybe just take Mayfield at No. 5. I don't know ... Personally, I think Denver would probably be best served using the pick on a major O-line upgrade, a defensive stud or Barkley. But it's John Elway. And this class of quarterbacks is nothing if it isn't intriguing.
8) Teams drafting in the 7-10 slots that DON'T need a QB
There's a realistic chance four quarterbacks come off the board in the first six picks -- along with a running back and an offensive guard. Could the Bucs get the best defensive player in the draft at No. 7? Could Nelson fall to his old Notre Dame offensive line coach Harry Hiestand and the Bears at No. 8? Chicago could also be in position to complement its awesome free agency period with a stud defensive prospect. Neither team will draft a quarterback. Obviously, the 49ers (picking ninth) and Raiders (10th), both thinking playoffs in 2018, won't either.
And if Mayfield slips into this range, look out for the Dolphins (picking 11th) or Bills (12th) burning up the phone lines to make a move up the board.
9) Mason Rudolph
I've stated consistently that Lamar Jackson is a first-round quarterback. The more people I talk to, the more I believe Rudolph is coming off the board on Thursday night, too. He could be the guy for Buffalo or Arizona, if those teams stay put. Rudolph might be the future in New Orleans or Pittsburgh. He could be the present in Jacksonville. A quarterback-needy team could trade into the bottom portion of Round 1 late on the draft's opening night to secure Rudolph's services.
The early run on quarterbacks could make a guy like Rudolph more of a necessity for those who miss out on the big names early.
Follow Adam Schein on Twitter @AdamSchein.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Following are five big themes likely to dominate thinking of investors and traders in the coming week and the Reuters stories related to them.
1/ SUPER THURSDAY
It's “Super Thursday” for the Bank of England next week when it decides on interest rates, publishes minutes from its last meeting, and issues its quarterly Inflation Report. No move on rates is expected this time around - that could come in May - so all eyes will be on the inflation and growth outlook.
The global economy is booming, though Britain is the clear laggard among major economies thanks to Brexit. But UK bond yields are being caught up in the global push higher, hitting a pre-Brexit vote peak this week of 1.59 percent.
The one big difference since the last “Super Thursday” in November when the Bank raised rates and even its last meeting in December is sterling. The pound hit $1.43 recently, well up from $1.32 in November and $1.34 in December, and close to its pre-Brexit level of $1.48. How will sterling's resurgence, as well as oil prices and global growth, factor into the BoE's outlook?
*After first UK rate rise in a decade, chances grow of another in May
*GLOBAL ECONOMY-Bank of England at forefront of global rates dilemma
*HIGHLIGHTS-Bank of England's Carney speaks in UK House of Lords
2/ COOLING-OFF DOWN UNDER
Hot housing markets losing steam, inflation below expectations and stronger currencies will provide food for thought to Australian and New Zealand central bankers at policy meetings on Tuesday and Wednesday. Interest rate hike expectations may be pushed further down the road.
Meanwhile, it's the monthly China data dump, with the latest consumer and producer price inflation, trade, service sector activity and FX reserves figures all due for release. Inflation is expected to slow, giving the PBOC some breathing space. Given the rise in protectionist rhetoric and indeed, action, coming out of Washington, close attention will be paid to China's trade surplus with the United States.
*Australia inflation stays subdued in Q4, rate hike still distant
*NZ's soft inflation pushes out rate hike expectations, knocks kiwi lower
*China Jan factory growth remains strong as output accelerates - Caixin PMI
3/ WHAM, BAM, THANK YOU UNCLE SAM
The U.S. trade deficit is expected to grow when data for December is released Tuesday. Analysts predict the deficit to widen to $51.7 billion from November's $50.5 billion.
While the weak dollar would typically help boost U.S. exports, strong domestic demand is delivering record imports. This coincides with increased trade growth and accelerating economic growth elsewhere.
Markets will watch out for U.S. retail sales due later in the month, which have grown every month since July. The positive trend along with rising consumer confidence will likely contribute to the bulging deficit as importers look to stock shelves.
Meanwhile U.S. politics could throw a spanner in the market works. Another government shutdown is looming, with approved funding due to run out on Thursday.
*U.S. trade deficit rises to near six-year high on record imports
*U.S. retail sales rise; core sales revised sharply higher
*UPDATE 2-U.S. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin urges Congress to raise debt ceiling as another shutdown looms
4/ MIND THE GAP
As company results roll in, a gap has opened between earnings growth expectations for European and U.S. equities. While the weak dollar has bruised some European companies with high U.S. exposure, firms across the pond have seen their earnings revised up thanks in part to Washington's tax overhaul.
A slew of results will keep investors on their toes, with oil majors BP and Total, banks including BNP Paribas and UniCredit as well as drugmakers GSK and Sanofi slated to push out numbers.
The lag in earnings expectations could make European shares more vulnerable to a potential pullback. European stocks just had their worst week in more than a year, though surging U.S. bond yields helped put Wall Street on course for its worst week in two years.
But European sentiment could be bolstered by attractive valuations. Europe's stocks are 9 percent cheaper than average relative to U.S. peers, according to Morgan Stanley, which has a maximum overweight in European equities.
*European tech gets second wind after record-breaking 2017
*LIVE MARKETS - European stocks still a bargain relative to U.S.
*BAML's Bull & Bear indicator hits sell signal
5/ TAKING A HIKE
It's a busy week for emerging market central banks with rate-setting meetings from Asia to Latin America and all points in between.
In Russia a small rate cut could be on the cards as annual inflation has slid below the bank's target of 4 percent. Russia's central bank governor has already said the bank may cut rates faster than expected.
But other central banks are still keeping a watchful eye on inflation, with Mexico expected to raise rates from the current near nine-year high of 7.25 percent. Romania could also hike again after its January increase - its first in a decade.
Meanwhile the Reserve Bank of India is expected to hold rates at 6 percent for now but India's expansionary budget, which raises spending for rural areas, could prompt the bank to toughen its tone.
*POLL-Russia seen cutting key rate in Feb, boosting consumer demand
*Russia central bank chief says may speed up rate cuts
*Mexico inflation risks require firm monetary policy
*Indian budget spurs inflation worries ahead of RBI policy
By the time you read this, P.F. Chang's will have had its grand opening in the Shoppes at Bel Air. The Feb. 13 opening date has been heavily anticipated by those who crave the farm-to-wok cooking they're known for. It's been 15 years since I last enjoyed P.F. Chang's food, so I am as excited as anyone.
This 6,000-square-foot restaurant is the first P.F. Chang's in our area and, as far as I'm aware, is (along with soon-to-be neighbor Grimaldi's Pizzeria), the only restaurant at Bel Air that features outdoor seating. It's also a great place to have a cocktail after you shop.
Everything is made to order and the rice is 100 percent U.S. grown. Definitely try Chang's Spicy Chicken. Happy hour is 3-6 p.m. every weekday. Be sure to grab a Honey Thyme gin and tonic.
Doors are open, and you owe it to yourself if you haven't seen the giant horse statue just outside. Welcome to Mobile!
Grimaldi's set to open next week
As if there isn't enough going on at Bel Air, right smack dab in the middle of Mardi Gras, Grimaldi's Coal Brick Oven Pizzeria is opening Monday, Feb. 20, just across from P.F. Chang's.
This is the 49th Grimaldi's location and the first in our state. “Grimaldi's Pizzeria is very excited to be opening its first location in Alabama, as part of the expansion of The Shoppes at Bel Air,” said Joey Ciolli, Grimaldi's chief executive officer. “We're looking forward to sharing our high-quality, award-winning pizza and community-focused values with the people of Mobile.”
The open kitchen of this 163-seat restaurant is inviting to patrons who want to watch pizza tossing first hand, but it's the coal-fired ovens that are attracting all of the attention. These hand-built contraptions go through 100 pounds of coal per day and reach temperatures of 1,200 degrees! That makes for a pretty special crust.
Williams-Sonoma is here
Legacy Village is now home to Williams-Sonoma, specifically at 9 Du Rhu Drive, Suite 340. The purveyor of fine cookware, kitchen gadgets and most things food related is a spot I'd best treat like a casino: only take in as much money as I can afford to lose. I could drop a paycheck there with ease.
Open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Saturday and noon to 6 p.m. Sunday, you'll have plenty of opportunities to grab my birthday present.
David's Catfish House returns
There has been a tremendous void in the catfish world since David's Catfish shut down a few years ago. Coming soon is the return of our heroes, champions of coleslaw, whole catfish and hush puppies, just down the street from their former location!
The address is 10810 U.S. Highway 31 in Spanish Fort, but you may know it as the former Junkyard. It's next to an actual junkyard. We will let you know the opening date so you can ride with me and Rasp.
Recycle!
That'd be exploding hip-hop star Chance the Rapper, and he's ready to capitalize on the Grammy spotlight. The Chicago MC announced a new tour Tuesday, and it's scheduled to hit St. Paul's Xcel Energy Center on May 12.
Tickets -- $39.50-$79.50 -- go on sale Tuesday at 6 p.m. via the venue box office and Ticketmaster.
“This is the exact opposite of a garden,” Chance rightly told the crowd at last year's relocated Rock the Garden. His energized and soulful set showcased material from 2016's Coloring Book mixtape, which became the first streaming-only album to ever win a Grammy. In total, Chance took home three trophies on Sunday -- Best New Artist, Best Rap Album (Coloring Book), Best Rap Performance ("No Problem” feat. Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz).
Have to miss your chance to see Chance in St. Paul? Well, you'll get a second chance June 16-17 at Justin "Bon Iver" Vernon's third annual Eaux Claires festival.
Chance!
Zippo lighters great for fidgeting as well as lighting things on fire, and this simple chrome model is down to its lowest price of the year.
Don't forget the lighter fluid, if you need it.
This tiny box cutter uses a ceramic blade that should last much longer than a typical steel razor blade, and you can pick one up for just $8 from Amazon.
Everyone should keep an inverter in their glove box for powering laptops and other electronics in the car, and $10 is a great price for this 150W model from Aukey.
The newest, big-screen Nest Learning Thermostat 3.0 is down to $219 today, a rare $30 discount. These go down to $199 once or twice per year, but if you have one on your wish list, this is a pretty good opportunity.
While Nest basically invented the smart thermostat market, many people (including myself) would tell you that the Ecobee3 thermostat is superior to the Nest, owing to its remote sensor that measure the air temperature at another point in your home. I also usually sells for $250, but it's available for $197 this month.
Top Lifestyle Deals
Yes, it should be all about spring cleaning your wardrobe, but what about finding new things to fill the gaps you created? Amazon wants to help you out with their sale on women's spring styles. Prime Members can shop spring tops, bottoms, dresses, and more for up to 50% off normal prices. But this is a Gold Box (and Prime exclusive) so once today's over, it's gone.
If you need some really great home decor on the cheap, Society6 is your best friend. The already-affordable art and decor site is giving an extra 20% off everything they sell, plus free shipping, until midnight (PT) tonight.
Advertisement
Sponsored
It's no shame if your apartment is bare bones, because home decor is so damn expensive. But it's about time to fill it up with things that aren't left over from your dorm room or something your friends gave you at your housewarming party.
Lapsa 4-Pack Men's Micro Modal Low Rise Boxer Briefs, $20 with code LAPASA10
$5 per pair is about as cheap as you'll ever see good (i.e. not cotton) boxer briefs, so stock up.
Top Media Deals
The Force Awakens has been basically immune to discounts since it came out on Blu-ray last year, but if last week's The Last Jedi trailer release made you want to rewatch it, $18 is a solid price for the Blu-ray/digital combo.
The Blues have experienced a poor season under Antonio Conte after an abysmal defence of their Premier League crown.
Chelsea finished fifth, missing out on Champions League football, and made a poor showing in Europe, crashing out to Barcelona 5-1 on aggregate.
And one thing that has been missing has been goals, with the departure of Diego Costa proving pivotal to their season.
Alvaro Morata has come in, but there are reports that the Spaniard is looking to leave after failing to settle.
One star that has been linked with a move to Stamford Bridge is Argentinean Icardi, who has been in terrific form for Inter this year.
Jada Pinkett Smith has found a temporary fix to her hair loss.
“I'm getting my little steroid injections and they seem to be helping, but not curing … But I'm open to other ideas,” Pinkett Smith said on Instagram recently.
She also thanked the droves of doctors and holistic practitioners who shared their support and recommendations. “I appreciate it so much,” she added. “I'm taking in into a lot of consideration all the recommendations that are coming my way.”
Last week, the actress and mother of two revealed she suffers from alopecia.
“It was terrifying when it first started,” she said in her “Red Table Talk” show. “I was in the shower one day and then just handfuls of hair just in my hands … It was one of those times in my life that I was literally shaking with fear.”
Pinkett Smith has since undergone a number of haircuts and has begun wearing head wraps.
A post shared by Jada Pinkett Smith (@jadapinkettsmith) on May 27, 2018 at 3:57pm PDT
The Grammy Awards from this past week were criticized for a lack of female winners, prompting the Recording Academy to look into gender bias in the industry.
Anne Arundel Community College professor Chris Ballengee joined the chorus.
In his Music, Power and Gender course this semester, he plans to talk to students about gender division of labor and other power structures, in both performers and those who work behind the scenes.
“We'll talk about that in terms of the similar lack of women in other industries,” he said.
The course looks at gender inequality using musical examples including singing Renaissance nuns and a performance involving Miley Cyrus and Robin Thicke from 2013.
Ballengee is an ethnomusicologist — one who studies the anthropology of music. He is versed in the study of people, music, and in the analysis and cultural context of music. His role in the college's music department, as he sees it, is also to teach about diversity.
College officials said it is not common for a community college to have an ethnomusicologist. Ballengee said what's rare is the chance to teach his courses.
“In my own work, I have to be quite honest, I never thought about gender. I never thought about race. I never thought about sexuality,” he said.
As a heterosexual white man, he felt challenged to think about those subjects when he came to the college more than four years ago. Now he challenges his mostly male students to think about those issues, too.
“I'm talking to the people who need to be talked to,” he said.
Heather Rellihan, the coordinator of the Gender and Sexuality Studies program at the college, said Ballengee brings a deep understanding of the cultural norms reflected in music to the class.
“Using those cultural artifacts as windows into the culture can provide really useful insights,” Rellihan said. “Those insights are then things we can act on.”
Each week in class Ballengee presents a gender studies concept, and explores it using music. For the lesson on Sunday's Grammys, he will pull from articles in the press about the place of women in the music industry.
The nuns come into play for a lesson on architectural space, physical space, natural space and how those spaces become gendered through culture and society. He'll use the work of a fellow ethnomusicologist who wrote about a convent in Bologna, Italy, where nuns were locked away in a cloister so they don't “behave badly” as an example.
“Within that convent, the nuns are very well-known for their musical ability, for their musical compositions,” he said. “So just as the nuns are locked away, they're invisible to the public, their music escapes through the windows, through the walls, and they become famous.”
This semester his students are embarking on a project in partnership with the school's library — students will research female composers and musicians, or other under-represented musicians and composers, and work through the semester to update the person's Wikipedia page.
“They're not only learning about gender and power dynamics, they're also (learning) about music and they're learning a real skill, which is writing about music, and putting that out there for the public,” he said.
The Nokia 8 is the Finnish brand's first ever flagship phone. There are other Android-powered Nokia phones such as the Nokia 3, 5, and 6 but the 8 holds the title of being a premium device. First launched in August, the Nokia 8 rolled out with a unique ‘Bothies' feature and some other premium specs. We know the phone is ready for the Android 8.0 Oreo update but we're more interested to know how durable the phone is. Good thing there is Zack Nelson to answer our questions by doing his own Durability Test.
The Nokia 8 has just undergone a Scratch, Burn, and Bend Test. As with any other premium flagship phones in the market today, this deserves our and JerryRigEverything's attention because of its premium price. As the most powerful Android phone by Nokia to date, we know it has potential to become a bestseller. It's not really the Bothies feature that will make people buy this Nokia smartphone but its durability and performance in many situations.
The Scratch Test has shown the front Gorilla Glass 5 display with the Mohs pick scratching only at Level 6 to Level 7. This is standard for premium phones but this also means coins and keys will not damage the screen. Scratching the home button and the front-facing camera doesn't damage them. What's first to be discovered as being damaged is the nylon cover on the earpiece.
Light scratching the back panel shows some scratches that can be easily removed by rubbing off. Scratching with a razor though is a different story. The dual camera system is covered by glass so the area doesn't scratch. The sides of the Nokia 8 are also made of metal except for the plastic antenna band and the bottom edge.
Placing the phone under the flame for ten seconds, the screen shows some black which goes away after some time. When bending the phone from the back and the front screen, the Nokia 8 doesn't flex at all.
Zack Nelson's conclusion? The smartphone is more than enough to stand the test of time. It is durable and is solidly built—that is what Nokia is all about.
Watch the video below and see for yourself:
NEW YORK (AP) — Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey “Jaws” Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
Oscar Kightley: NZ heads boldly into 2017 OSCAR KIGHTLEY
CHRIS SKELTON / FAIRAFAX NZ Oscar Kightley: "Among the lessons we can take from all the deaths in 2016 – our own loved ones included – is that we all end up in the same place, so you may as well get there on your terms, and see who you can help, along the way."
Congratulations, we've made it to 2017.
A time to shed negative residue from the past and step into the new day full of enthusiasm, love and a determination to boldly go where you've not gone before.
Only, apparently, now we're at war with Israel. Oh, good one. I guess that's a new place we've not boldly gone before.
Our foreign minister, Murray McCully – just pause to realise what an awesomely New Zealand name Murray is – certainly must have had a busy end of 2016, as he struggled to complete his to-do list.
READ MORE:
*Special treatment for Maori? Yeah right
*Australia, you're acting like a dick
*Putting the bah into bah humbug
​On that list must have been: "After nearly two years on the UN security council being a bit quiet, ensure New Zealand proves that it's a strong independent voice."
McCully's support for a UN resolution condemning Israeli settlement-building in the occupied territories has certainly done that but it's also been seen, by Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu, as a "declaration of war."
Not in the least bit phased, McCully bit back that Israel should not be surprised by Wellington's move and that our vote was a reflection of our values.
Our country has never featured in the international news so much as this week. And it wasn't for the usual "this weird thing happened in New Zealand" story.
Not only are we now on a collision course with Israel, but the move is at odds with Donald Trump – the big, angry, orange tweet-head who, in 19 days, will become President of the United States.
Add to this the fact that a few months ago in a fiery speech to the UN, our then PM John Key's had some choice words about Russia's role in the Syrian war and resulting refugee crisis, and New Zealand now heads into 2017, having pissed off the two most powerful – and most psychotic – leaders in the world.
And it's only January 1.
Conspiracy theorists may wonder whether the National Government is expecting to lose the election this year, so in terms of foreign policy wants to mess stuff up for whoever takes over.
If during the next election, McCully's emails start showing up on Wikileaks, we will know it's either the Russians or the Americans who have decided that the East Coast Bays electorate requires new leadership.
However, it's still our summer holiday season so we must find a way to enjoy the moments and not feel the pressure of having bigger countries annoyed at us.
Being so far away from everyone else helps. And we could look at the example set by the last few members of 2016's roll of honour to pass beyond the veil.
Singing legend George Michael and writer/actress/general awesome human Carrie Fisher were two superstars who inspired for many reasons, including that they didn't seem to give a toss about being superstars or prescribed ways of how people should act.
They didn't run from their talent and disappear into towers to hide away from the cruel world that wanted its pound of flesh. They both seemed very generous, open and honest people who – just by fiercely being themselves – saved the world, one soul at a time.
Among the lessons we can take from all the deaths in 2016 – our own loved ones included – is that we all end up in the same place, so you may as well get there on your terms, and see who you can help, along the way.
Manuia le tausaga fou, New Zealand.
- Sunday News
The helicopter is outside the children's hospital, according to the Christian Legal Centre.
It comes as the family of Alfie await a decision at today's emergency hearing.
Alfie, who is just 23-months old, was reportedly taken off life support at around 10.20pm on Monday.
But dad Thomas Evans says his son survived through the night and is still breathing.
Mr Justice Hayden will oversee the hearing today was begun at around 3.30pm in the Family Division of the High Court in Manchester.
SQUARE ENIX's much-anticipated RPG remake is likely to release in the next year or so - here's everything you need to know about it the Final Fantasy VII Remake.
SQUARE-ENIX Final Fantasy 7 Remake: Release Date News, Gameplay Trailer, updates, rumours and leaks
DS
Final Fantasy VII Remake - The Latest News Many fans were left saddened by the no-show of Final Fantasy VII Remake at E3 2018. Some were even concerned that the game was suffering from 'development hell': where a project remains in turmoil in internal development. However, speaking to IGN, game director Tetsuya Nomura, reassured fans and explained that the game is indeed in development. "It's not just in the early concept stages," Nomura noted. "We are actually in development." "So right now, I've been putting 100 percent into Kingdom Hearts and 100 percent into Final Fantasy 7 and 100 percent into Kingdom Hearts and going back and forth." You can see how that'll be stressful.. but hopefully once Kingdom Hearts 3 releases in 2019, Nomura will be able to focus himself on Final Fantasy VII Remake.
Final Fantasy 7 Remake PS4 screenshots Final Fantasy VII Remake is coming to PS4, although Square Enix is yet to reveal the release date. 1 / 10
DS
Final Fantasy 7 Remake - When will we hear more? We're as shocked as you that Square Enix neglected to show any Final Fantasy VII Remake information as part of its showcase at E3 2018. The game's absence from the showcase suggests it'll appear at either Gamescom or Tokyo Games Show later this year - if that's the case, the soonest we may hear more will be at Gamescom in August. There is definite progress on the game, though, so don't be disheartened and be patient Stay tuned, and don't be too disappointed.
DS
Final Fantasy VII Remake - Overview Final Fantasy VII Remake is a remake of the 1997 Japanese RPG, Final Fantasy VII. The game has been requested by fans of the original for a while, and in 2015 developer and publisher Square Enix announced it had begun work of a full-blown remake of the title. The game is being made by Square Enix, and originally had help from developer CyberConnect 2. This relationship was terminated in May 2017, however, and the publisher moved full development of the title in-house, under the direction of Naoki Hamaguchi (director of Mobius Final Fantasy). The team is dedicated to building a solid product, and in a stream talking about the project, Hamaguchi stated: "In view of factors such as improving quality when the product goes into mass production in the future, the company has decided to shift the developmental system back to within the company, so as to maintain a stable schedule and have control over factors such as quality.” The game is also due to be released in different parts - some gamers theorise that these parts will be segmented in the same way the game was broken up into discs in the original PlayStation release. The gameplay will be different to what we've seen from the original game - combat could be more action-focused if the trailers we've seen so far are to be believed.
DS
Final Fantasy VII Remake - Release Date An interview with the director of Final Fantasy VII Remake, Yoshinori Kitase, has surfaced, revealing the developer originally thought that the much-anticipated RPG would take about 10 years to make. According to the interview with TechDigest, Kitase took his experience from the development of Final Fantasy XIII to generate the number. An excerpt from the interview reads: "But even Final Fantasy XIII has taken over three and a half years to create. If we were to recreate final Fantasy VII with the same level of graphical detail as you see in Final Fantasy XIII, we'd imagine that that would take as much as three or four times longer than the three and a half years it has taken to put this Final Fantasy together! So it's looking pretty unrealistic! But if any such situation came about by any remote chance, then yes, we'd do it!" It's worth remembering, however, that development of the VII Remake has since been moved to Unreal Engine 4 - an engine known to speed things up for developers, and something we're seeing more and more Japanese teams move to. It's also worth remembering that Final Fantasy VII Remake is planned to release in episodes, meaning we could likely see a playable part of the game release before the whole supposed decade-long development cycle is complete.
Final Fantasy VII Remake for PlayStation 4 - Preorder £42.85 View Brought to you by dailystar.co.uk
DS
Final Fantasy VII Remake - Development The game's developer, Square Enix, published a new job listing earlier this year which seemed to ask for a level planner for the upcoming RPG. Gematsu translated the job advert, and you can read it below: We are examining programs that implement general functions and contents for Final Fantasy VII Remake as necessary on the development team, and while we are reaching a satisfactory level in terms of reproducing the original title in high-quality graphics, we have come to the conclusion that we should aim for even higher quality in order to meet the expectations of fans. That said, we will tackle the production of this big title by establishing core members of various positons such as level planner, battle planner, designer, engineer, etc. including existing members of the development team. Interested applicants are expected to work as a core member. The bad news is if they're hiring core members of the team at this stage in the development, it suggests the title isn't remotely close to completion. Level planning tends to be an early part of development, too, hinting that it's going to be a long time before we see much more of this game.
Final Fantasy VII Remake - Character Redesigns The development team behind Final Fantasy VII Remake has apparently made some massive changes to the game recently. Reports from fans in attendance at the Final Fantasy 30th Anniversary event have stated that many elements of the game we've seen so far (in the trailers below) have been changed. This includes the overall design of protagonist Cloud Strife, whose appearance has reportedly been altered to be more in-line with his original appearance in the PSOne version of Final Fantasy VII. Square Enix's Tetsuya Nomura stated this new design for Cloud is 'the closest one to the original up until now.' Other attendees at the event note characters look different to their original interpretations: Biggs looks 'super handsome,' Jessie 'cute,' and Wedge 'refreshingly chubby.' New screenshots were shared at the event, too, but fans in attendance also said that Square Enix are not expected to be sharing these new screenshots to the public for a while.
DS
PLANO, TX (February 13, 2017) — 7UP is ready to mix things up, debuting a new creative direction in an integrated campaign launched today. 7UP unveiled its new “Mix It UP a Little” campaign – spotlighting the classic soft drink as an essential staple for baking, cooking and, of course, cocktails.
The campaign showcases the versatility of 7UP and leans into the truth that not only is 7UP a great beverage on its own, but you can do a lot with 7UP – from creating mixed drinks to punching up food recipes. With no other brand positioning themselves as a versatile add-in within the soda category, 7UP expands into a new territory.
“We didn't need to look far to realize that people have been using 7UP as a component of their concoctions for decades. We wanted to acknowledge that truth and elevate all the ways in which consumers are enjoying our product,” said Kevin Brandvold, director of marketing for 7UP. “We're excited that 7UP represents a trusted ingredient to our consumers, and this campaign really brings that idea to life.”
The new spots from Deutsch leverage insights from consumers about the ways in which they already use the product as a mixer – and their claims that 7UP is the only lemon lime soda that works best as a mixer. The first spot, “Yacht”, which launched today features party hosts preparing a tray of crowd pleasing cocktails and then transports them to various social scenes, with a cameo from rapper 2 Chainz. A corresponding spot, “Granny”, will launch at the end of April which highlights 7UP's usefulness in the kitchen.
“For this campaign, we wanted to demonstrate all of the ways you can mix 7UP,” said Brett Craig, Executive Creative Director at Deutsch. “We liked the notion of showing our characters in unexpected situations that highlight the ways they've used 7UP as a staple mixer. This is a positioning no brand in the category has taken, and it's a bold one for 7UP.”
Digital videos from The Richards Group provide a variety of recipes that incorporate 7UP and help the consumer create everything from bundt cake to kimchi to punch. The videos feature Sir Mix-a-Lot, M.C. and rapper, mixing and playfully naming his own custom recipes such as a “Bubble Bundt” cake and “Mrs. Butterworth Be Jalapeño Business” cocktail. On the brand site, a recipe generator features food and cocktail recipes, helping hosts find the best refreshment for their gathering – like girls' night, dinner parties, backyard parties and more.
“I was excited to be a part of this campaign and put my own spin on some 7UP mixers,” said Sir Mix-a-Lot, M.C. “7UP is a classic ingredient for any great cocktail, but I think we brought a new freshness with our creations.”
The campaign support will continue through upcoming activations, with a Tastemade partnership and exclusive retail partnership, as well as a yet to be revealed big summer kick-off.
To learn more about 7UP, visit www.7up.com.
About 7UP
7UP is one of many flavorful brands in the beverage portfolio of Dr Pepper Snapple Group (NYSE: DPS). A favorite since 1929, 7UP is THE UNCOLA. 7UP is available in Regular, 10 calories, Diet and Cherry varieties. DPS is a leading producer of flavored beverages, marketing 50-plus beverage brands across North America and the Caribbean. For more information, visit 7UP.com or DrPepperSnapple.com. For the brand's latest news and updates, follow 7UP at Facebook.com/7UP or Twitter.com/7UP.
A A A
Stocks slip as investors seek safety after weak sales data
By MARLEY JAY
, AP Markets Writer
Specialist Meric Greenbaum works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Specialist Meric Greenbaum works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) The rate decision of the Federal Reserve is shown on a television on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. The Federal Reserve is hiking a key interest rate for the second time this year and is planning to reduce the size of its $4.5 trillion balance sheet as well. Fed officials voted 8-1 to raise the federal funds rate to a range of 1 to 1.25 percent. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Trader Frank O'Connell works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Trader John Panin works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Trader Michael Milano, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) . . 1 of 5 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as investors worried about weak retail sales and oil prices sank. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time in six months.
The Commerce Department said retail spending decreased in May, which surprised experts. Investors reacted by buying traditionally safe assets like government bonds and high-dividend companies while selling stocks from other industries that depend more on economic growth. Bond yields hit their lowest level of 2017. Oil prices also hit an annual low after the government's weekly report on oil stockpiles.
In the last few weeks Wall Street has been disappointed by several economic reports. That did not appear to change the Fed's thinking even though higher interest rates tend to slow down economic growth. For years investors have been hoping growth will hit a faster pace.
"This economy has always been something of a healthy tortoise," said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management. "I think growth will pick up a bit, but there is sort of a failure to bounce in this economy."
The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid 2.43 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,437.92. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 46.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to a record 21,374.56. Home Depot and Goldman Sachs contributed most of the blue-chip index's gain. After a late tumble in technology stocks, the Nasdaq composite lost 25.48 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,194.89.
Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index sank 8.41 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,417.57. That suggests investors are worried about the economy, which could have an outsize effect on smaller, domestically-focused companies.
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December, something investors widely expected based on the Fed's recent statements. Fed leaders suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year.
The Commerce Department said people spent less money at gas stations, department stores and electronics retailers last month. Video game seller GameStop gave up 35 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $21.55 and department store chain Kohl's dropped 38 cents, or 1 percent, to $37.66.
In a separate report, the Labor Department said consumer prices slipped, partly because of lower energy prices. That's one reason there has been little inflation in the economy lately, a continued concern for Federal Reserve policymakers.
Bond prices jumped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.13 percent from 2.21 percent. Earlier, the 10-year note hit its lowest level since November.
Among big dividend payers, cereal maker General Mills rose 58 cents, or 1 percent, to $58.64 and PepsiCo advanced $1.05 to $117.37. American Water Works rose $1.14, or 1.4 percent, to $81.32.
Oil futures plunged after the U.S. government said oil supplies shrank only slightly last week while gasoline stockpiles grew. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.73, or 3.7 percent, to settle at $44.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed $1.72, or 3.5 percent, to close at $47 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil lost 89 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $82.07 and Anadarko Petroleum sank $1.94, or 3.9 percent, to $47.28.
The Fed also gave more details about its plans to shrink its bond portfolio. Later this year it will reduce the amount of principal payments it invests in new bonds. It does not plan to sell any bonds.
Investors have been pleased that the Fed is disclosing details of its plans and doesn't intend to move too quickly. Still, Kelly, of JPMorgan Asset Management, said he thinks that will have a big effect on the bond market: as the Fed lets its balance sheet shrink and buys fewer bonds, prices will fall and yields will rise.
The dollar slid to 109.53 yen from 109.96 yen. The euro edged up to $1.1220 from $1.1212.
Biotech drugmaker Biogen fell and competitor Alexion Pharmaceuticals rose after the companies said Biogen Chief Financial Officer Paul Clancy will become Alexion's CFO at the end of July. Analysts said Wall Street has a lot of respect for Clancy, who has been Biogen's CFO for 10 years.
Biogen gave up $8.05, or 3.1 percent, to $253.37 and Alexion jumped $10, or 9.3 percent, to $118.
Gold rose $7.30 to $1,275.90 an ounce. Silver jumped 37 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $17.14 an ounce. Copper slipped 2 cents to $2.57 a pound.
In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline sank 7 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $1.43 a gallon. Heating oil lost 4 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $1.41 a gallon. Natural gas fell 3 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $2.93 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Germany's DAX advanced 0.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France lost 0.4 percent. The British FTSE 100 fell 0.3 percent. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 retreated 0.1 percent and the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong advanced 0.1 percent. In South Korea the Kospi retreated 0.1 percent.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
AFP, BIRMINGHAM, England
India captain Virat Kohli has promised there will be no let up from the title-holders when they face Bangladesh in the semi-finals of the ICC Champions Trophy at Edgbaston in Birmingham, England, today.
After a surprise group defeat by Sri Lanka in a tournament featuring the world's top eight one-day international sides, India responded to their win-or-go-home clash against South Africa with a commanding eight-wicket victory over the top-ranked Proteas at The Oval in London on Sunday.
India's bowlers put the brakes on South Africa's innings, while a trio of run-outs said much about the Proteas' frailty and the improved fielding standards of Kohli's men.
Needing a mere 192 for victory, Kohli was there at the finish with 76 not out as India won with 12 overs to spare.
It was an innings that helped take the India skipper back to No. 1 in the ICC one-day international batting rankings.
Now India return to Edgbaston where they launched their title defense with a 124-run thrashing of archrivals Pakistan.
“We played in Birmingham before. We like that pitch. It suits our game,” Kohli said after the win over South Africa. “There's no looking back. There's always room for improvement. We can't rest on your laurels.”
With Pakistan facing tournament hosts England yesterday in the first semi-final in Cardiff, three of the four teams left in the tournament are all from the subcontinent.
Kohli acknowledged the amount of one-day cricket played in the region was a factor, but he has also been impressed with the way so many of the Asian nations have adapted to English conditions.
“Maybe because of how much limited-overs cricket we play, I think the players are getting more experienced in difficult situations,” he said. “Maybe some of the teams have really surprised the opposition with the way they have batted and bowled in certain situations.”
There was certainly plenty of good work with the ball carried out by Bangladesh's bowlers as they held New Zealand to a modest 265-8 in Cardiff last time out.
However, the Tigers were still looking at an embarrassing defeat when they slumped to 33-4 in reply, but Shakib Al Hasan (114) and Mahmudullah (102 not out) responded to the pressure of a dire position in a must-win game with a brilliant new Bangladesh record partnership of 224 that turned the match upside down and eventually saw New Zealand eliminated.
Bangladesh's place in the last four was then confirmed when England beat Australia at Edgbaston on Saturday last week.
India have won 26 of their 32 one-day internationals against Bangladesh, suffering just five defeats with one no result, but Bangladesh captain Mashrafe Mortaza believes wins such as the one over New Zealand will bolster his side's already growing self-belief.
“In the last three years we keep improving a lot,” Mortaza said. “This sort of performance really help us to move forward, especially with the 2019 World Cup [in England and Wales] coming up.”
For nearly nine years, the global hunt for yield sent you to one place: the U.S. stock market.
NEW YORK: For nearly nine years, the global hunt for yield sent you to one place: the U.S. stock market.
On Friday, stocks took their biggest pounding since 2016 after the U.S. government's monthly payrolls report showed the biggest wage gains for workers since 2009. That convinced investors the threat of inflation, long tame since the 2007-2009 recession, is growing larger, sending bond yields soaring.
With central banks having taken extraordinary measures to combat the financial crisis, driving interest rates to record lows and making safe assets like U.S. Treasuries a scarcity, investors of all stripes were forced to turn to equities.
But when what had been a stealth increase in U.S. rates over several months suddenly broke out into the open in the last week, investors were jolted awake to a new reality: Stocks are no longer the only solution for finding yield.
"One of the key mantras of the bull market has been stocks are inexpensive relative to bonds, and bonds are getting cheaper, especially at these highs," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut. "So people are taking profits and they probably should be."
With the yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury bond on pace to top 3.5 percent this year for the first time since April of 2011, risk-free bonds are becoming an increasingly attractive place for yield-focused investors.
Advertisement
Advertisement
At the current forward price-earnings ratio of 18.2, according to Thomson Reuters proprietary research, the S&P 500 index's earnings yield is 5.5 percent, well below the historic norm of around 6.7 percent. With bond yields rising across the spectrum, the 5.5 cents of profit that underpins every US$1 in share prices on average begins to look thin by comparison.
"We don't have a line in the sand but 10-year Treasuries near 3 percent are starting to look a lot more attractive," said Mike Dowdall, a portfolio manager with BMO Global Asset Management.
That rise in yields prompted a broad sell-off in stocks on Friday, as investors reacted to data from the U.S. Labor Department showing wages last month recorded their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years.
Equities continued a five-day downward trend, with the S&P 500 sliding more than 2 percent for its largest one-day decline since September 2016. The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost more than 2.5 percent.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Meanwhile, a sell-off in bonds that has gathered pace this year intensified, with yields on 10-year Treasuries hitting a four-year peak.
That dynamic is putting pressure on areas of the market that had served as bond proxies. As a result, fund managers are rediscovering the risk of rising rates, selling out of assets ranging from high-yield "junk" bonds to utility stocks and pushing the broad S&P 500 lower.
Warning signs for equities have been long discussed, as the market hit almost daily fresh highs. On Friday, Merrill Lynch's bull-bear indicator, which has accurately predicted 11 out of 11 U.S. stock market corrections since 2002, hit a "sell" signal.
The rise in bond yields is "certainly beginning to concern the markets," said Nicholas Colas, co-founder at DataTrek Research in New York. "Rates have risen fairly quickly this year and the speed of the advance is worrying."
The yield on the 10-year Treasury has risen to 2.46 percent from 2.84 percent at the start of the year, the swiftest rise since November 2016.
Earlier this week, the Federal Reserve left rates unchanged but said it anticipated inflation likely would rise in 2018, bolstering expectations borrowing costs will continue to climb. The Fed currently projects three rate hikes for this year.
Stocks have so far proven largely immune to rising rates, with the S&P 500 jumping nearly 20 percent in 2017. Stocks have not fallen by 10 percent or more since the start of 2016, leaving recent declines as buying opportunities.
A stock market correction could pose a political problem for President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans ahead of congressional elections later this year. Trump has trumpeted the sharp gains in U.S. equities since he took office as proof that his economic policies were working.
SECTOR DECLINES
There already are signs investors are moving into actively managed stock funds in order to sidestep the impact of rising rates. U.S.-based active stock mutual funds, which lost US$7.2 billion in outflows as investors moved toward “passive” stock exchange traded funds (ETFs), attracted US$2.4 billion in new assets during the week that ended Wednesday, according to data from Lipper.
At the same time, the lowest end of the credit spectrum has been facing cash withdrawals as rising rates increase the cost of refinancing debt. In the week ended Wednesday, U.S.-based high-yield "junk" bond funds posted outflows of US$1.8 billion, their third consecutive week of cash withdrawals, according to Lipper. The four-week moving average for the sector is negative US$825 million, the largest such figure since early December.
Stocks sensitive to rates are leading the market lower for the year. Real estate stocks in the S&P 500 are down 3.7 percent over the last month, while utilities are down 4.6 percent over the same time.
Consumer discretionary stocks, which tend to outperform during periods of inflation due to rising wages, are up 8 percent over the same time.
Fund managers say that they expect that other growth-oriented sectors such as technology and financials will continue to outperform, thanks in part to a pickup in inflation and the Republican-led tax overhaul that slashed corporate rates.
Overall, 78.1 percent of companies in the S&P 500 have reported fourth-quarter earnings above analyst expectations, compared with an average of 72 percent over the last year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
"You're getting a pickup in economic growth and in wages, so that makes the growth sectors still the place to be," said Margaret Patel, a senior portfolio manager at Wells Fargo Funds who run a portfolio of both equities and fixed income. "Even Treasury yields of 3 percent have never been an impediment to the stock market doing better."
(Reporting by David Randall, Jennifer Ablan, Trevor Hunnicutt, Caroline Valetkevich and Megan Davies; Editing by Paul Simao)
Body confident Kim Zolciak-Biermann is putting her naked assets on display yet again!
In a special sneak peek of the first episode for season six of Don't Be Tardy, the reality star shows off her round rump, putting it in full view during a cupping treatment.
PHOTOS: Kim & Brielle Zolciak Caught With HUGE Lips After Plastic Surgeon Visit
Watch as the reality star's derrière shakes, rattles and rolls as she allows specialists to perform the bizarre treatment while on display in front of a crowd of gawking strangers!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
CTV London
Owen Sound police are investigating a hit and run involving a pedestrian.
The incident took place Monday between 3:30 p.m. and 3:45 p.m. on the north side of 10th Street West near 7th Avenue.
The pedestrian was struck by a mid-sized black or dark coloured vehicle.
The driver then fled.
Luckily, the person only suffered minor injuries.
Contact Owen Sound police if you have any information.
It seemed like whenever Lauren's mother asked her to stop playing and sit down at the kitchen table to begin her homework things would go sour. Even though she had been happy and loving moments before her mood would become cloudy and she would try to avoid the request.
When pushed on the matter, she sometimes would whine or even drop to the floor crying. If her mother tried to force her to “straighten up” and do her work, Lauren would go into a full-fledged tantrum. Eventually, her mother was reluctant to bring the subject up, or after a tantrum, Lauren would go to her room rather than do her homework.
Of course, the problem just seemed to keep getting worse.
One of the most common child issues parents bring to psychologists is how to handle tantrums and meltdowns. These sudden and impulsive behaviors can be extremely unsettling to the parents and the entire family and leave the child exhausted and depleted.
Some parents feel that they are in a “battle” with their child when they tantrum while others find themselves “walking on eggshells” to try and avoid them.
A tantrum is defined as a childish outburst or fit of rage or temper. It usually involves sudden, intense emotions that seem far out of proportion from the problem at hand. Some tantrums are verbal with whining, crying, and screaming while others can be physical with the child writhing on the floor, hitting and kicking or even throwing things.
One thing most people agree on is that tantrums and outbursts can be tricky to manage and often drain significant resources from the family. In addition to the misery they cause everyone, some children that throw tantrums become “powerful” in holding the parents or family hostage to their mood, implying that if they don't get what they want, they will potentially ruin things for everyone.
In managing a tantrum, it is important to realize that for the child it is an attempt — albeit a poor and counterproductive attempt- to communicate something and to achieve a goal. It is important to try and understand the infrastructure of the tantrum and respond to it effectively as opposed to simply viewing it as uncooperative behavior and attempting to stifle it.
It isn't always easy to understand a tantrum because they can be caused by a variety of things, including the emotional state of the child, the stress inherent in the environment and even longstanding dynamics that exist between the child and parent. Often a tantrum involves feelings of fear, frustration, anger, overload or powerlessness.
While it is not usually the case, tantrums can also reflect a child that has been over-gratified and led to expect to have things their own way. These children need to learn in a supportive environment how to withstand frustration and operate in a world that is not always to their liking.
Almost all tantrums are triggered by some demand or tasking that involves the child either ending something they like or becoming involved in something they don't like. They often occur at transition times, such as when preparing to leave the house for school or getting ready for bedtime or stopping play and starting homework.
Tantrums are not usually consciously willful or “on purpose” but are learned reflexive responses to being emotionally overwhelmed by the demand. Often after the child has calmed down they show little understanding or insight into the tantrum and regret the behavior.
The first step in managing tantrums is to objectively assess them functionally. Ask what is behind the tantrum and what is the child trying to communicate or achieve? Also, does the child have any preexisting emotional, cognitive, or medical issues that may be contributing to the problem?
For example, is the child socially anxious, or are they depressed, do they have sensory integration problems, or do they have ADHD? Have there been painful family changes like the death of a loved one or divorce? An assessment by a psychologist can help to ascertain if there are important underlying conditions that may be creating or contributing to the tantrums.
The next step is to try and figure out what the “trigger” to the tantrum is. They usually follow a pattern and can be predictable as they tend to happen in the same situations over and over. If we understand what the trigger is and what it is that creates the emotional distress in the child, there may be healthy ways to restructure the situation to resolve the problem entirely.
In responding to a tantrum, it is important to avoid reinforcing the behavior with attention, goal achievement or positive outcomes. The best starting point for parents is to remain calm and to let the tantrum play out without any potential reinforcement.
After the tantrum is over and at an appropriate time the parent has the opportunity to discuss how useless the tantrum is and begin working on better communication skills about what the problem actually is. Some children respond to a behavior chart which rewards “good days” without a tantrum and filled with cooperative behavior.
In Lauren's case, her mother took her to a psychologist who did some testing to find that she was suffering from significant anxiety about school. Closer examination also found that she had dyslexia which made reading and writing particularly difficult and painful for her. After identifying her anxiety and learning problem, getting needed support in school and structuring her homework time in smaller increments with incentives for completion, Lauren's tantrums disappeared completely.
Don't let tantrums control you or your family. It is a child's somewhat unconscious form of blackmail that can completely disrupt a family. If you need help, don't hesitate to contact a mental health provider to discuss the situation in more detail. Regaining control over your home can be very rewarding and help to avoid an adult meltdown!
Dr. Scott E. Smith is a licensed psychologist with Spectrum Behavioral Health in Arnold, Annapolis and Crofton. To contact him, call 410-757-2077 or write to 1509 Suite F, Ritchie Highway, Arnold, MD 21012.
Thursday, Aug 31 - Oct 1, 2017
Exhibition on view: August 31-October 1, 2017
Opening reception: Saturday, September 2, 5-7pm
Donna Wesley Spencer has spent most of her adult life in Evanston, IL., but she grew up in the South. The photographs in “A Southern Diary” are her response to a long-ago question about when she would be coming home. For the past few years, she has been spending more time in the rural and small town South, photographing places and people that define the region for her, making work in East Texas, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina and Virginia. She is especially interested in places that retain the remnants of history. What she first considered to be the project of a summer has become a continuing journey.
Also showing work in September are Lisa Beard, Alexa Frangos, Mark Kaufman and Christopher Schneberger.
The Allama Iqbal Open University (AIOU) has inaugurated a programme to deliver free education to the transgender community.
Vice Chancellor Professor Dr Shahid Siddiqui, while talking to a private news channel, said, “We have decided to launch a programme for the amelioration of transgender people.”
“Through this programme, we hope to return their long-lost self-respect and dignity to them and make them responsible citizens of the society,” he added.
Highlighting details of the programme, he said, “We have received a positive response from the community and have already started receiving applications for the programme.”
The AIOU has been providing free education (from matriculation to PhD level) to handicapped, visually impaired students, and even jail inmates.
The students at the university are provided with computerised facilities to aid their learning. At least 44 regional offices of AIOU have been set up for students across the country.
Education programmes in Chakwal, Nankana Sahib, Kharian and Thatta have also been launched to educate girls who were pulled out of school for various reasons.
“Under the programme in Thatta, 400 girls have passed exams of Grade-8. Some 377 amongst them have preceded on to take the matriculation exams,” said Dr Siddiqui.
New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English said a final election tally released on Saturday did not fundamentally change negotiations between his National Party and the nationalist New Zealand First Party to form a coalition government.
WELLINGTON: New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English said a final election tally released on Saturday did not fundamentally change negotiations between his National Party and the nationalist New Zealand First Party to form a coalition government.
The final count in the Sept. 23 election showed National had lost two seats compared to the preliminary count on election night, but remained in the lead with 56 seats, compared to the opposition Labour Party's 46.
"I don't think it weakens it significantly at all, the fundamentals haven't altered," English told reporters in Queenstown in response to a question on his party's negotiation position.
The inconclusive election results have left neither major party with enough votes to form a government without populist New Zealand First, which holds nine seats.
(Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Michael Perry)
TULA, Russia: A Russian soccer fan leader jailed over clashes with England supporters at the 2016 European Championship said he and other fans had been warned by police against engaging in violence at the upcoming World Cup in Russia.
Sergei Gorbachev spent seven months in a Marseille jail over the clashes before Russia's match against England at the tournament two years ago in France, where punches were thrown, bottles flung and smoke bombs detonated.
Advertisement
Russian authorities, hoping to expunge memories of the Marseille brawls, have pledged to curb violence at the World Cup, to be held from June 14 to July 15 in 11 Russian cities.
Gorbachev, who heads the supporters' association of Arsenal Tula, a Russian Premier League club, said police regularly dropped in on fans known to authorities, even though they are not officially banned from attending sporting events.
He said he had also taken part in meetings with police in which fans were told not to engage in stadium violence.
"The guys who are now in the fan world, they are feeling the effects of what the authorities are doing to ensure the World Cup is held without any trouble, including from the Russian fans," said the 35-year-old.
Advertisement
Advertisement
At a bar in Tula, an industrial city about 170 km (105 miles) south of Moscow, Gorbachev is greeted by patrons and called the "star of Marseille" by the barman.
Speaking to Reuters, he said English fans travelling to Russia for the World Cup have nothing to fear - if they behaved themselves.
"If they behave in a civilised way, I will shake their hand," added Gorbachev, who said he studied French and read the works of Fyodor Dostoevsky and Mikhail Bulgakov while serving his sentence at Marseille's Baumettes prison.
"I would want the same from them. I wouldn't want to see same attitude and behaviour I encountered in Marseille."
'POLICE EVERY 20 METRES'
In the run-up to the World Cup, Russia has increased fines for violent stadium behaviour. In some cases, fans are asked to make a written pledge that they will not organise or participate in fights.
A senior interior ministry official told Reuters there would be "a policeman every 20 metres" in host cities to prevent petty crime and drunken fights.
Officers have been told to pay special attention to English fans, who they fear could spark "mass fights, riots and provocations," the official said.
Moscow and London have been exchanging information to prevent another Marseille scenario, with Russian authorities visiting England to watch soccer policing in action and British officials travelling to Russia to discuss tactics.
Gorbachev said he trusted that Russian police would crack down rapidly on any troublemakers. Russian fan groups, he said, would resist provocations and any calls for a Marseille rematch.
When asked if Russian fans could take matters into their own hands if they encountered violent behaviour from other groups, he shrugged.
"I think our law enforcement will do their jobs," he said. "It's not just for me to serve a sentence in France under their laws. English (who misbehave) should serve time here under ours."
Gorbachev has yet to apply for a World Cup fan ID, a document needed to attend matches which proves that a ticket holder has been vetted by Russian authorities. He plans to do so in the coming days.
His name does not appear on an interior ministry blacklist that bars more than 400 people from attending sporting events, including for offences committed in Russia such as lighting flares and public drunkenness.
Reuters found this month that a blacklisted fan had been granted a World Cup fan ID, and that several other blacklisted fans had regularly skirted the ban.
(Reporting by Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber; Additional reporting by Denis Pinchuk; Editing by Pravin Char)
Samantha Markle has proven a regular source of embarrassment for the Duchess of Sussex.
She has slammed her estranged sibling's charity work, blasted Prince Harry for not inviting her to their wedding, and tweeted support for former EDL leader Tommy Robinson.
In an exclusive interview with right-wing US news site Breitbart, she said she wished Meghan only “absolutely happiness”.
She said: “Everyone said, ‘Oh you should do a book that's just a slamming tell all that is dirt because dirt sells,' and I said I'd rather slit my wrists.
“My goal has never been to hurt my sister, it's been to uplift her, and in my interviews, I was clear about what I loved about her, but the tabloids never printed those things…
A 38-year-old man on Sunday saved his wife and two children from his burning car here, but himself died in the fire as he could not undo his seat belt on time, the police said.Dileep Kumar, a Bengaluru-based jeweller, along with his family was going to Kochi from the city when his car's engine suddenly caught fire near a toll gate at Madukkarai area early on Sunday morning, they said.He managed to push his wife and two children out of the car. However, he could not unfasten his seat belt on time and was burnt to death as the flames spread rapidly, the police said.The woman and her children are fine and the matter is being investigated, they said.
AFP, PARIS
Manager Gareth Southgate on Tuesday admitted England's 3-2 friendly defeat to France in Paris provided further evidence of how far his side still have to go before they can be considered contenders at next year's FIFA World Cup.
They were unable to hold onto an early lead given to them by Harry Kane and ended up conceding defeat, despite the hosts playing most of the second half with 10 men at the Stade de France.
Kane scored a brace, with the second coming from the penalty spot after Raphael Varane was sent off. In between, Samuel Umtiti and Djibril Sidibe netted for France, before Ousmane Dembele got their late winner.
It was the third successive friendly match that England have failed to win under Southgate after a 2-2 draw with Spain in November last year and a 1-0 loss in Germany in March, but the manager insisted the gap to those sides is no bigger than what he imagined.
“If I'm honest it is absolutely what I thought. We have been competitive in all three games, but we needed to play at our absolute limits to stay in all of those matches and that has shown in the end,” Southgate said. “Those three games have provided different tests — with Spain it was their ability to keep the ball better than us and today it was slightly different, but physically the demands their players posed meant we started to tire and that led to a mistake at the third goal.”
England is on course to qualify for the finals in Russia, which begin in a year's time, despite needing a last-gasp Kane goal to get a 2-2 draw in Scotland at the weekend, but just setting foot in France, where they suffered a humiliating exit from Euro 2016 to Iceland, reminded them of their poor record at major tournaments.
“Those teams are the very best. We haven't in the last few years got anywhere near any of those teams when it has come to tournaments,” said Southgate, who played with a three-man central defense, while giving chances to the likes of Tom Heaton and Kieran Trippier. “We need to see the reality of where we are and you have got to test yourself against the best, otherwise it can mask where you are as a team.”
The match will be remembered for the intervention of the video assistant referee (VAR) early in the second half after the Italian referee gave the penalty for Varane's foul on Dele Alli.
The VAR — being used in an ongoing trial by FIFA — ruled that Varane's foul was worthy of a straight red card, despite a change in the law governing clear goal-scoring opportunities.
“From my initial viewing I thought it was the right call — it looked from where we were a clear penalty and therefore a sending-off,” Southgate said. “Clearly even with video you won't get every decision right. There is still an element of one person's judgement within that.”
France twice fell foul of the VAR in a 2-0 friendly loss to Spain in March and they were fuming at the decision to dismiss Real Madrid defender Varane, even if coach Didier Deschamps was delighted with the way his side battled with 10 men.
“Things became complicated a bit with the red card and the penalty, which looked more than harsh to me, even if it didn't matter in the end,” said Deschamps, who was able to leave out star striker Antoine Griezmann.
The match was preceded by tributes to the victims of recent terror attacks in the UK, with French fans singing God Save the Queen and observing a minute's silence.
One person is in custody following an officer-involved shooting that occurred after a chase ended near Verdigris.
OHP says a traffic stop led to shots fired after police attempted to pull the suspect over near the Hard Rock Casino.
Troopers say the suspect was not shot but treated for a minor injury at the scene before being booked into the Rogers County Jail.
OHP says no troopers were injured.
The Guardian
On Sept. 15 at about 10pm, NASA's Cassini spacecraft is to plunge deep into the hostile atmosphere of Saturn on an historic but suicidal course. It is the grand finale of a 20-year mission which has revolutionized our understanding of the solar system and sent home more than 250,000 stunning images of Saturn and its moons.
Cassini's instruments will be running to the last, capturing every possible byte of data from its closest encounter with the ringed planet before it ultimately evaporates.
About 1.2 billion kilometers away, in a valley just outside Canberra, Glen Nagle and his colleagues will be listening intently to what he calls the “whispers” from deep space.
“I'm going to be here for 24 hours and I won't be sleeping,” he said.
Nagle works at the Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex, also known as Tidbinbilla Tracking Station, home to four antennae which help track and command the many spacecraft in our solar system.
Run by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Australia's national science agency, but funded by NASA, Tidbinbilla is one of just three stations in NASA's Deep Space Network (the others are in California and Madrid) and it is here that Cassini's final radio signals are to be received and relayed to a global audience.
“We're going to be responsible for capturing Cassini's last breath of data,” Nagle said.
“It'll be a bittersweet moment. NASA can't do it without us because the other stations are completely facing in the wrong direction. Saturn will be in our skies, our field of view. It's literally the way the planets have aligned,” he added.
Opened in 1965, Tidbinbilla is a serene station enveloped by national parks. It is a place where the low hum of the moving antennae and the occasional paging announcements are the only sounds that punctuate the silence.
The dishes look surprisingly small from a distance, dwarfed by nature itself, but up close their scale is imposing. The largest is 70m in diameter and 109m across its curvature — “you could throw a football field into it,” Nagle said — and weighs about 4,000 tonnes.
They are almost millimeter-perfect parabolic surfaces.
Each dish acts as both a gigantic ear and a gigantic loudspeaker, telling spacecraft how to behave, ensuring their health and collecting their data. The dishes operate night and day, whether or not the skies are clear to the naked eye.
“At the present time we, Earth, have about 30 missions in the solar system, so about 40 individual spacecraft,” Nagle said. “We communicate with them using radio waves — the invisible part of the electromagnetic spectrum.”
“We just talk to the missions that have headed out across the solar system,” Nagle said.
The furthest of them, Voyager 1, is so far from Earth that it seems a minor miracle its signal can be heard at all.
“Right now Voyager 1 is roughly 20.7 billion kilometers away and moving further away by about 1.4 million kilometers every day,” he said. “That's about four and a quarter times further away than Pluto. So it's way out there. It takes over 30 hours to get a signal there and back.”
“To give you some idea of what that signal is like now: Voyager transmits at around 19 watts, about half the power it's taking to run the light bulb in your fridge. So imagine already trying to see half your fridge light from four and quarter times as far away as Pluto — you're not going to see it,” Nagle said. “And it gets even smaller because as that signal travels across that 20 billion kilometers of space it spreads out, it becomes thinner and more diffuse.”
The highly anticipated season 2 premiere of the Netflix hit Stranger Things is almost upon us. To keep the excitement going, they have released a mobile game that can tide you over until October 27. And of course, since the show has given us so much 80s nostalgia, the game is in an also-nostalgic 16-bit format. You will join your favorite Hawkins kids and characters and traverse through familiar territory as you try to solve puzzles and challenges.
In Stranger Things: The Game, you get to choose which of the main characters you want to play. They each have unique abilities that are also close to their actual characters. You will explore the town and the outskirts and see familiar places like Hawkins Lab and Mirkwood Forest and even discover places you might have never seen before.
You will have to collect Eggos and Gnomes to give you clues and gifts that you can use along the way. You get to fight familiar enemies from Hawkins Lab and you will probably encounter creatures from the upside down, including the feared demogorgon. And as you unlock more content when playing the game, you might even be able to download exclusive footage from the new season.
You can download Stranger Things: The Game from the Google Play Store for free. Expect an update to the game come October 27 when Season 2 arrives on Netflix.
Singapore — PCOO Dept. Order No. 15 allows any “social media practitioner” with 5,000 followers to be granted similar access as journalists. But audiences decide what is bought in the marketplace of ideas, not such rules.
“Bloggers” unprecedented access has been debated since the elections. President Duterte hosted a Malacañang dinner for “DDS” (Die-hard Duterte Supporter) “bloggers” last Feb. 7. Among them, Mocha Uson and Lorraine Badoy became assistant secretaries.
ADVERTISEMENT
But this is not new. Former president Benigno Aquino III praised blogger Joe America in no less than his 2015 State of the Nation Address. JoeAm lunched in Malacañang with Aquino, personally picked up by spokesperson Edwin Lacierda.
The debate opened 12 years ago, when the White House granted its first blogger press credential to then 23-year-old Garett Graff.
Its historic James S. Brady press room has seven rows of seven seats each. The Associated Press, Reuters and CNN have assigned front row seats. The New York Times, Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal have second row seats. But websites Politico, The Hill and RealClearPolitics now have middle row seats. The Daily Beast and clickbait king Buzzfeed now share a seat in the back.
Last June, the White House Correspondents' Association gave conservative cable outlets Newsmax and One America seats. Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer opened phone-in “Skype seats” and gave credentials to “trolls” like “Twinks4Trump” blogger Lucian Wintrich.
From the front row, CBS' Major Garrett criticized the dilution of substance: “More experienced reporters ask questions that are sharper, more informed. Not, ‘What's your message today?' Not, ‘Here's a paintbrush — would you paint us a pretty picture?'”
But complaints against “bloggers” are weighed using two key legal principles. First, an ordinary citizen has the same free speech rights as a trained journalist. Second, the government is also a speaker. It may say what it wants and associate with speakers it wants.
Some decry how “bloggers” are thoroughly biased and openly claim to deliver emotion-laden opinion instead of fact. But this is exactly what free speech protects.
John Stuart Mill wrote of “the clearer perception and livelier impression of truth, produced by its collision with error.” “Saturday Night Live's” comedians criticized Spicer far more effectively than any Pulitzer-winning columnist. World War II's greatest military speech had lines from “No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country” to “[Tell your grandson] your granddaddy rode with the great Third Army and a son-of-a-goddamned-bitch named George Patton!”
Some decry alleged amplification by fake accounts and troll farms, fake news sites, and swarm cyberbullying that deters dissent. These are key problems, but with the market's dynamics, not the actual products for sale. They are solved by educating the public, using advances in artificial intelligence to police fake speakers and actually punishing harassers given our Cybercrime Act.
The solutions have nothing to do with prohibiting ranting like Heneral Luna instead of Apolinario Mabini.
The marketplace of ideas evolves. The demarcation between news, feature and opinion articles blurs. These coalesce into the same phone feed, along with “Thought Catalog listicles,” “Game of Thrones” spoilers and trolls.
We demand information, education and entertainment all at once. Even law journals are now criticized as less useful than blawgs, and some “legal experts” behave like “influencers” in dispensing made-for-Twitter wisdom and shallow commentary where every side is somehow correct. We hope excellent journalism keeps pace with the ever-changing, 24-hour marketplace.
Ultimately, we are free to follow “bloggers” or journalists. Malacañang is accountable solely to our choices, not any journalistic code. If we place no premium on meticulous fact checking, ensuring balance and editorial judgment — and lack of expletives — the market breakdown goes far deeper than letting anyone with Facebook Live interview Mr. Duterte.
Leaders of Malaysia's ruling party have condemned violence that erupted at a forum where former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad was speaking, as political tension rises ahead of a general election that could be called in coming months.
KUALA LUMPUR: Leaders of Malaysia's ruling party have condemned violence that erupted at a forum where former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad was speaking, as political tension rises ahead of a general election that could be called in coming months.
One opposition leader accused Prime Minister Najib Razak of "gangsterism" to keep Mahathir quiet after some people at the Sunday meeting threw shoes, chairs and flares at Mahathir, who has made it his mission to unseat Najib over his handling of the multi-billion dollar scandal involving a state fund.
Mahathir, 92, was not hurt, his aide said.
Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said differences of opinion did not give anyone license to act violently.
"As a country that practices democracy, such an incident should not have happened," Ahmad Zahid was quoted as saying in the Star daily newspaper on Monday.
Mahathir, who served as prime minister for 22 years until he stepped down in 2003, chairs a fractured opposition alliance hoping to unseat the long-ruling government coalition in election due by next year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mahathir has offered to head a government again if the opposition wins.
Some opposition leaders allied with Mahathir accused Najib of orchestrating the violence. A deputy president of the People's Justice Party, Azmin Ali, said in a statement the prime minister had resorted to "gangsterism".
A senior member of Najib's United Malay National Organisation, who is also a government minister, Salleh Said Keruak, said such accusations were "unhealthy" for politics.
"Remember that gangster politics is not part of our political culture," Salleh said in a statement.
Another government minister, Khairy Jamaluddin, condemned the violence in a Twitter message saying it "cannot be tolerated".
Media reported that police had detained two people.
Mahathir has been a prominent critic of his former protege Najib over the scandal-ridden state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB).
Najib denies wrongdoing.
1MDB is the subject of money-laundering investigations in at least six countries. The U.S. Justice Department alleged in civil lawsuits that about US$4.5 billion of funds were misappropriated from the fund.
The U.S. Justice Department said in its latest court filing on Thursday it was conducting a criminal investigation of 1MDB and asked for a stay on civil lawsuits it had filed to seize assets allegedly bought with money stolen from the fund.
Najib denied taking money from 1MDB after it was reported that investigators traced nearly US$700 million to his bank accounts. Authorities cleared him of any wrongdoing, saying the money was a donation from Saudi Arabia.
(Reporting by Joseph Sipalan; Editing by Robert Birsel)
By Lin Chia-nan / Staff reporter
A hacking contest aimed at boosting artificial intelligence (AI) security started taking applications yesterday, Minister of Science and Technology Chen Liang-gee (陳良基) said.
The winning team will win NT$20 million (US$675,311), Chen told a news conference in Taipei, which he attended dressed as a “hacker” in black clothes and dark sunglasses.
The nation must boost its information security, especially at a time when it is committed to developing AI technology, he said.
The Ministry of Science and Technology has invited start-ups established after April 24, 2013, to join the contest in a bid to cultivate information security professionals and create applicable products, Chen said.
Contestants are to make proposals to elevate the security of Internet of Things applications and AI programs, Chen said, adding that the ministry would invite academics and industrial experts to evaluate the proposals in three stages.
Each team needs to have between two and 10 members, half of whom must be Taiwanese, the ministry said, adding that the application period would end on June 30.
There would also be a preliminary “escape room” game, in which contestants would play hackers, prosecutors or information security personnel to break given blockchains, Association of Hackers in Taiwan spokesperson Alan Lee (李倫銓) said.
The association was invited by the ministry to help design the game.
The game would take place on July 28 and July 29 along with this year's Hacks in Taiwan Conference at Taipei's Nangang Exhibition Hall, Lee said.
The ministry also plans to invite contestants to another game in October to test the safety software of self-driving cars at Tainan's Shalun Smart Green Energy Science City, it said.
Taiwanese hackers can be said to be among the world's top three nations, as they last year claimed second place at the DEF CON hacking contest in the US, Lee said.
US hackers won first place and Chinese hackers came third in that contest, Lee said, but added that Chinese hackers are no less competitive in real life.
Regarding the cultivation of information security professionals, Lee said that a generational gap and a lack of systematic promotion are the most pressing issues, calling on the ministry to create more opportunities for young talents.
Lee also called on Taiwanese people and businesses to face their information security problems.
Technology giants, such as Intel Corp, have become more open to revealing their security problems and soliciting solutions after they encountered many cyberattacks, while Taiwanese businesses tend to conceal their problems, instead of trying to upgrade their technological defenses, he said.
0 This is the resume format most hiring managers want to see
Hiring managers may spend less than a minute looking at your resume, so you want to make sure that it's organized in a way that's appealing to them.
RELATED: How to earn extra cash working from home
Resume secrets: What hiring managers are looking for
According to a survey from the staffing service Accountemps, three out of four bosses prefer a chronological resume with the most recent work history first.
For the study, 150 senior executives from the nation's 1,000 largest companies were asked:
“Do you prefer to receive a resume written in a chronological format that is organized by dates of employment, or one in a functional format that is organized by skills?”
Their responses:
Chronological 75%
Functional 17%
No preference 8%
“Chronological resumes allow job seekers to present their career progression to prospective employers in a straightforward, easy-to-follow way,” said Max Messmer, chairman of Accountemps. “Functional resumes, which emphasize skill sets rather than jobs held, are popular among professionals in career transition or who have had lengthy gaps in employment, but they are not a favorite of employers. It is often better to address a career challenge directly than try to write around it.”
In the YouTube video below, career expert Nicole Williams says another way to think about the chronological resume is as a traditional resume.
She offered two additional tips to create the best resume possible:
Ensure that you're only listing work experience and skills that are relevant to the job you're applying for
Highlight how you've created results instead of simply listing day-to-day tasks
But what if you don't have the perfect resume? Don't lie. According to a CareerBuilder survey, 77% of human resources managers reported discovering a lie on a resume.
Instead, always be truthful and follow these tips from Accountemps:
Employment gaps: Briefly explain any employment gaps in your cover letter Limited work history: Bolster work experience through internships, part-time work, temporary assignments and volunteer work Career change: Highlight your transferable accomplishments and skills
If you haven't updated your resume in the past year, dust it off and update it so that you're ready when the perfect job opportunity comes along. Here are 9 secrets to resume success in 2018!
More Clark.com job search resources:
Clark.com
Journal of Proceedings for the Smith County Commissioners
September 25, 2017
The County Commissioners met in a regular session on September 25, 2017 in the County Commissioners' Room. Present were Commissioners Tom James, Art Befort, and Roger Allen. Also present were Sharon Wolters, Clerk; and, Mitch Fritz, Road Supervisor.
James opened the meeting with prayer.
Commissioners approved the agenda for the September 25, 2017 meeting.
Commissioners approved, and signed the September 18, 2017 minutes.
Commissioners approved Voucher #35864-35923 from the following accounts:
General 13360.19
Road 71013.12
Noxious Weed 54.05
Health 2919.57
Appraiser 77.59
Landfill 15238.50
EMS 4341.54
Next Gen 911 4767.031
Motor Vehicle 160.47
TOTAL $ 111,932.06
Commissioners signed a letter requesting that the Drug and Alcohol Council use the guidelines set forth in resolution
05-13 in order to comply with a request made in the annual county audit.
Wolters provided an information e-mail from Thomson Reuters, on IT maintenance and protection.
Fritz discussed the following:
Fritz reported that the work at M Road south of Highway 36 was near completion. James discussed the blade district in Houston and Harlan Townships. Fritz reported that he had two other blade men work in the district last week. Fritz reported that water was hauled and applied to C Road. Commissioners indicated that they had positive feedback on the condition of the road after the work was completed. Fritz discussed ROW maintenance. Commissioner authorized Fritz to put an informational ad in the paper to update tax payers on the right-of-way policy for Smith County. Fritz discussed the bridge located on 265 Road and the cost of inspection. Fritz reported that Norm Bowers, Kansas Association of Counties Road Expert, will visit Smith County on October 13 to view the reclaimer. Fritz reported on reclaimer maintenance.
Dave Tucker joined the meeting.
Befort discussed wind row maintenance on dirt roads. Befort discussed maintenance completed on 145 Road between BB Lane and CC Road. Befort agreed to visit with the landowner to make sure the work done at this location is completed to the landowner's satisfaction. James asked Fritz to focus on tree maintenance this week. Commissioners discussed hiring an additional blade man. Befort discussed asphalt that is available from a local landowner. Fritz reported on the calcium product used on the Bellaire Co-op entry. Fritz also reported on the use of the calcium at other test sites. Befort asked for an estimated date for work on the tube at Cedar City. Fritz indicated that they will be working in that area later this week if weather permits. Fritz reported on three tubes which were replaced or repaired last week.
James made a motion and it was seconded by Allen to remove the current burning ban (Resolution 17-11). Motion carried unanimously.
Allen made a motion and James seconded the motion to pass Resolution 17-12 authorizing a tax sale.
Befort made a motion to rescind Resolution 16-18 and it was seconded by James removing the fees for fingerprinting for county residence.
Chad Meyer joined the meeting. Fritz left the meeting.
Commissioners instructed Wolters to contact Jim Wagenblast to view and make an estimate for repair work needed at the courthouse.
Befort discussed service agreements for Smith County.
Dave Tucker, Landfill Supervisor, discussed the following:
Tucker provided information on recycles and the impact of the foreign market on recycling. Tucker reported that the tires for the landfill pick-up have arrived. Tucker reported that the shipment of Posi-Shell has arrived. Tucker asked about use of recycled paint. Wolters agreed to put on the County Clerk Facebook page. Tucker reported that he is scheduled to attend the Swana conference. Befort discussed information on a business from Jewell County that does electronic recycling. Befort agreed to coordinate a meeting with the City of Smith Center, Smith County and the recycling company. Befort discussed Saturday landfill hours. Befort discussed fuel costs for landfill fuel. Befort agreed to do some additional research and discuss it in the future.
Tucker left the meeting.
Meyer discussed the following:
Meyer reported that they did not get any bids for the shed for the mobile light tower. Befort indicated that he would like to consider another option before taking bids again. Meyer and Befort agreed to report back with more options in a few weeks. Meyer reported on conference and class attendance required for Emergency Management Certification.
Meyer left the meeting. Chris Jones joined the meeting.
Commissioners ask Tami Woods, County Drug Program Administrator, to answer some questions about the drug testing policies of the county. Woods joined the meeting and answered policy and cost of service questions. Woods left the meeting.
Jones discussed purchasing hand sprayers. Commissioners authorized Jones to purchase a hand sprayer. Jones left the meeting.
As there was no further business the meeting was adjourned.
The new ‘Batman: The Enemy Within' episode is now available for Android gamers. Actually, the Android community isn't the only group benefitting from this announcement as episode two is also ready for iOS, Xbox One, PC, Mac, and PlayStation 4. One the first episode is free for mobile players but we're glad to know that Telltale Games are getting busy with the updates and rollout. For old-school gamers, the Season Pass Disc for Xbox One and PlayStation 4 is also now available in North America. Europe will also receive it starting tomorrow, October 6.
The Batman – The Telltale Series has been available on Android since last year but we have to wait for new episodes. The latest, Batman: The Enemy Within, is now available to download on your device via in-app purchase.
This pack also includes the first episode from Telltale Games. The episode is best viewed in devices running these GPUs: Tegra K1 & X1, Nvidia Maxwell, Mali T760 & T880, Adreno 418, 420, 430, 505 and 530. Some of the supported devices are as follows:
• Samsung Galaxy S6 and up, Note 4 & 5
• Sony Xperia XZ, Z4, & Z5
• Google Pixel, Pixel C & Pixel XL
• Google Nexus 5X, 6P & 9
• HTC One (M9) & 10
• LG G4, V10, G Flex2
• Nvidia Shield Tablet (2014) & Shield Tablet K1
• OnePlus 2, 3, & 3T
Witness how the personas of Bruce Wayne and Batman will be forced into new roles while having to face the Riddle. Gotham CIty is being terrorized once again. Bruce Wayne is challenged by a series of deceptions while Batman is called to navigate alliances. As if it couldn't get any worse, the Joker is also back.
Download Batman: The Enemy Within from the Google Play Store
VIA: Telltale
The Tulsa Police Department now has body cameras, and officers will get their cameras and training this week.
This is a long awaited event by the department and the public. They applied for the grant to get the cameras back in 2015, and now things are finally coming together.
One by one, officers walk into Tulsa police headquarters to pick up body cameras.
Officer Jason Edwards works a foot beat downtown and said he's ready to wear one.
"At any moment we could be encountered by the public and it makes it important for us to have the technology readily available to record that contact," Edwards said.
All this week, the department is issuing one camera per officer currently on patrol.
Each officer will grab a camera, get it registered, sign up to have it connected to their car and then go through training.
"What this will offer us is a lot of transparency and as we all know law enforcement needs the transparency. It's good for the officers and good for the public," said TPD Sgt. Shane Tuell.
Body cameras in law enforcement are becoming more and more in demand, especially over the last several years.
The push of a button will activate it and at that point, the camera will be rolling.
Tulsa police have a select few officers who have been testing the technology while the department decided which camera to purchase.
Tuell said the officers are excited to finally get the cameras back.
"He said he wanted it because after having it and testing it, he felt naked without it and he was wanting to get one and use it as soon as possible because it actually got him out of a complaint," Tuell said.
Tuell said while body cameras aren't perfect and won't always tell the whole story, they will keep most officers and citizens in check.
Something Edwards said he's looking forward to.
Right now is just the rollout phase of the cameras as the departments work all the bugs out. They said they hope to have all of the cameras live and ready to go by the end of the year.
BEIJING: Voicing hopes that Beijing and the United States could avoid a trade war, Premier Li Keqiang told the close of the annual parliament session that China would open its economy further, so that foreign and Chinese firms can compete on an equal footing.
Fears of a global trade war mounted after U.S. President Donald Trump's imposed hefty import tariffs on steel and aluminum earlier this month and, according to sources in Washington, the United States is set to unveil new tariffs specifically targeting China by the end of this week.
"I hope both China and the U.S. will act rationally, and not be led by emotions, and avoid a trade war," Li told reporters in a televised news conference at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
Those hopes would be damaged if, as sources say, Washington goes ahead with plans for new tariffs on up to US$60 billion worth of Chinese technology and consumer goods annually, in a move to fulfill Trump's campaign promises to get tough on China and its trade practices.
Earlier on Tuesday, riding high after China's largely rubber-stamp parliament unanimously re-elected him and set the stage for him to rule indefinitely, President Xi Jinping warned self-ruled Taiwan it would face the "punishment of history" for any attempt at separatism.
The warning came just days after Trump angered Beijing by signing into law legislation encouraging closer ties between Taiwan and the United States.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But for the world, the potential fall out from any trade conflict between its two biggest economies posed the more pressing danger.
Without going into detail, Li told his once a year press conference that China will improve access to its services and manufacturing sectors while further lowering import tariffs, including those on cancer-related drugs.
"China's economy has been so integrated with the world's, that closing China's door would mean blocking our way for development," Li said.
"China's aim is to ensure that both domestic and foreign firms, and companies under all kinds of ownership structure, will be able to compete on fair terms in China's large market."
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
TAIWAN WARNING
During his half-hour closing speech, President Xi was heavy on aspirational themes and he delivered a strong message on Taiwan, which is claimed by China as part of its territory.
"Any actions and tricks to split China are doomed to failure and will meet with the people's condemnation and the punishment of history," he said, to loud applause from the almost 3,000 parliamentary delegates.
China has been infuriated by Trump's signing legislation that encourages the United States to send senior officials to Taiwan to meet Taiwanese counterparts and vice versa.
Xi made repeated references to a resurgent nation of 1.3 billion people which would "ride the mighty east wind of the new era" and was on the cusp of matching the country's greatest achievements in its long history.
At the same time he reiterated increasing global concerns over China's rise were unjustified and added: "Only those who are in the habit of threatening others will see everyone else as a threat."
"We will not impose our will on anyone."
TRADE TENSIONS
When Xi's top economic adviser Liu He visited Washington recently, the Trump administration pressed him to find ways to reduce China's US$375 billion trade surplus with the United States.
"We are unwilling to see a big trade deficit, not only with the U.S.," Li said. "We hope trade will be balanced."
In his remarks, Li said that as China widens access to its markets, there will be no forced transfers of technology, and China will better protect intellectual property rights.
Trump says Beijing has forced U.S. companies to transfer their intellectual property to China as a cost of doing business there, though China has insisted that technology transfers are not a condition of gaining market access.
A source who had direct knowledge of the Trump administration's thinking told Reuters last week that the tariffs expected to be announced this week would chiefly target information technology, consumer electronics and telecoms and other products benefiting from U.S. intellectual property.
But they could be much broader and hit consumer products such as clothing and footwear, with a list eventually running to 100 products, this source said.
"We hope the U.S. could ease restrictions on high-tech or high value-added product exports," Li said.
"We will strictly protect intellectual property. We hope this important means for balancing China-U.S. trade will not be missed, otherwise we will lose a chance to make money."
ECONOMIC TARGETS
Before the press conference, Li introduced China's four new vice premiers, including Liu He, widely regarded as China's new economic tsar. But adhering to protocol, it was the premier who did all the talking.
Li said China was confident of achieving its 2018 economic targets. The government aims to expand its economy by around 6.5 percent this year, having easily surpassed the same target in 2017.
China's financial sector was in good shape and banks have enough provisions, Li said, adding that regulators would take "resolute measures" to tackle financial risks.
The Chinese central bank was being given responsibility for drafting important laws covering the banking and insurance sector, with regulation over the US$42 trillion sector becoming more streamlined and tighter.
And Li said he was willing to consider a formal visit to Japan, amid signs of improving ties between the two nations.
Tokyo has repeatedly pressed Beijing to do more to help rein in North Korea's missile and nuclear programs. China says it is committed to enforcing U.N. sanctions but that all parties need to do more to reduce tensions and restart talks.
(Additional reporting by Lusha Zhang, Elias Glenn, Stella Qiu, Christian Shepherd and Ben Blanchard; Writing by Ryan Woo and Tony Munroe; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Armenia's chauvinism policy poses threat to regional development, Baku says (PHOTO) (UPDATE)
2018-04-24 16:08 | www.trend.az | 2
Details added (first version posted on 12:41)
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
By Samir Ali - Trend:
Armenia's chauvinism policy poses a threat to regional development, Eldar Samadov, deputy head of the Working Group of Azerbaijan's State Commission on Prisoners of War, Hostages and Missing Persons, said April 24.
He was speaking at a conference titled “Armenia's policy of aggression and state terrorism - main threat to regional development and cooperation” in Baku.
“Both in the beginning and the end of the 20th century, Armenian nationalists carried out a policy of ethnic cleansing against the Azerbaijani people, and as a result, 20 percent of Azerbaijani lands were occupied, and 3,875 Azerbaijani citizens went missing during the Armenia-Azerbaijan Nagorno-Karabakh conflict,” he said.
“The Azerbaijani Prosecutor General's Office, the Military Prosecutor's Office, Interior Ministry and the abolished Ministry of National Security initiated more than 600 criminal cases related to terrorist acts committed by Armenia against Azerbaijan, and investigative measures were carried out.”
Samadov noted that in connection with the clarification of the missing Azerbaijani citizens' fate, close cooperation with the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) is being carried out.
The work continues on collecting DNA samples from close relatives of the missing persons in order to conduct further work on exhumation and identification, and these samples are kept in the hospital of the State Security Service, he said.
Adding that the Armenian terror in general is more than 100 years old, Samadov reminded about the killings of Turkish diplomats by Armenia's ASALA terrorist group in various countries.
In turn, Gasim Hajiyev, an employee of the Institute of Caucasus Studies of Azerbaijan's National Academy of Sciences (ANAS), said that the Armenian state never existed in the South Caucasus region.
“The Armenian state was created artificially, it is a nest of state terrorism,” he stressed.
Follow Trend on Telegram. Only most interesting and important news
Mercedes executive director, Toto Wolff, talks to ESPN about his relationship with Lewis Hamilton and what the future holds for the four-time world champion. (3:31)
Toto Wolff says it is "just a matter of time" until Lewis Hamilton signs a contract extension to keep him at Mercedes beyond 2018.
The reigning world champion has entered the final year of his contract but has been in talks about a new deal for some time. At the end of last season, Wolff told ESPN he doubted Hamilton would leave Mercedes unexpectedly, as Nico Rosberg did after winning the 2016 world championship, and it seems the discussions have continued down an encouraging path.
"Lewis has become such an important pillar within the team, it is a no-brainer that we continue with each other," Wolff told Mercedes' official website. "The discussions are ongoing and with a very positive mind-set. It is just a matter of time, when we seal it and put the signature to the document."
Tom Dulat/Getty Images for Laureus
Since signing with Mercedes in 2013, Hamilton has enjoyed one of the most dominant spells of any driver in F1 history, claiming three of his four world titles and becoming the sport's leader in career pole positions. Mercedes hopes to continue that dominance into 2018, but also enters the new campaign knowing its other driver, Valtteri Bottas, is entering a contract year of his own.
Bottas' future is much less certain: the Finn was retained on a one-year extension after a mixed debut season with the team. With the likes of Daniel Ricciardo available and Mercedes junior Esteban Ocon continuing to impress, the German manufacturer is likely to have a wide array of options.
Speaking about Mercedes' current set of junior drivers, Wolff explained his expectations: "Every year, we set objectives for the boys and they have matched those objectives last year. The bar is rising. If you want to qualify for a Mercedes, you need to be quick, make no mistakes, work well within your team, be respected by your team and energise your team. All of these factors that we try to capture and measure. We will see where they end up in a years' time."
Looking for a cloud storage solution that's reliable, safe, and cost effective? Then check out Zoolz Dual Cloud Storage: 2TB Lifetime Subscription, offered at over 90% off the retail price. Your computer holds a treasure trove of data: Work files, banking records, photos, music, videos and more. To lose even just a portion of that data would be disastrous for most people. So why take that risk? Protect it for life with Zoolz Cloud Storage.
A lifetime subscription to Zoolz Cloud Storage includes 2TB worth of cloud-based real estate with which to store your files. Just upload what you want to preserve and then recall it when you need to. It's fast, reliable and, above all else, completely secure.
Quit taking unnecessary chances with your files. Get a 2TB lifetime subscription to Zoolz Cloud Storage for only $49.99 at Android Community Deals.
In The Number Ones, I'm reviewing every single #1 single in the history of the Billboard Hot 100, starting with the chart's beginning, in 1958, and working my way up into the present.
***
Lawrence Welk – “Calcutta”
HIT #1: February 13, 1961
STAYED AT #1: 2 weeks
The Miracles only hit #1 once during the entire time Smokey Robinson led the group. That was in 1970, when “The Tears Of A Clown,” which they'd recorded four years earlier, finally made its ascent. (The Miracles got there once more, with the 1975 quasi-disco jam “Love Machine,” but Robinson was out of the group by then.) A full decade before “The Tears Of A Clown,” the Miracles came close to #1 with “Shop Around,” an absolutely perfect pop song that would've been the first of many Motown #1s. But “Shop Around” stalled out at #2. The reason: “Calcutta,” a piece of instrumental cheese from 57-year-old TV bandleader Lawrence Welk, was holding down the top spot. As ever, the charts can be a mystifying place.
Welk grew up speaking German in North Dakota. He came to fame as an accordionist and bandleader, playing a style of music, which he dubbed “champagne music,” that worked as a warm-milk alternative to big-bad swing. He'd been hosting The Lawrence Welk Show since 1951, and he would continue to do so until 1982. Every episode of the show opened with the sound of a champagne bottle opening. Welk would grin at his bandstand while playing accordion, and bubbles would float around him. He was supposed to be the classier version of Dick Clark. This show was airing on syndicated television during my lifetime, and yet Welk's entire existence seems prehistoric to the point where these details seem utterly, completely baffling.
Also baffling: “Calcutta” — not the song so much as the idea that anyone would've preferred it to “Shop Around.” Welk himself reportedly didn't care much about the song. The German composer Heino Gaze had recorded the song a few years earlier, and even though it sounds nothing like anything that could've ever come out of India, it had German lyrics about the ladies of Calcutta. Welk took away all the lyrics other than la la la. For Welk, I suppose, it's a fairly sprightly song. There are handclaps in there, and propulsively strummy guitars. It's possible that he might've been hoping to incorporate bits and pieces of rock ‘n' roll. But today, the song plays like a parody of elevator music. It's hard to imagine anyone being upset by it, but it's even harder to imagine people going out of their way to hear it.
GRADE: 2/10
BONUS BEATS: Here's the Ventures' attempt at a surf-guitar cover of “Calcutta”:
Homeowner clients in the Greater Toronto Area (GTA) should brace themselves for a possible tax on speculative home purchases, according to the chief economist of the Canadian Real Estate Association.
Gregory Klump says he would not be surprised to see policy-makers roll out such a measure just as the market begins to recover from the most recent round of changes.
"I don't think they're done yet," Klump said during an Economic Club of Canada roundtable in Toronto Wednesday.
The Ontario government introduced a suite of policies in April aimed at cooling runaway house prices in the Greater Golden Horseshoe region, including a 15% tax on foreign buyers and expanded rent controls.
Home sales in the GTA fell by 20.3% in May, the month after the new rules took effect, suggesting that the measures are having the desired impact.
However, some economists say the impact may be short-lived like it was in Vancouver, where the introduction of a foreign buyer tax caused a temporary pause in activity before it picked up again.
Klump says he could see it taking about six months for the housing market in the Toronto area to gather steam again, provided that no new measures are introduced between now and then.
He says he believes a speculation tax would be misguided because such measures typically do little more than temporarily change market sentiment — pushing buyers to the sidelines for a bit while they wait to assess the impact.
Loopholes could allow some speculators to get around paying the tax, Klump says.
Photo copyright: samzor/123RF
The Strictly pro has finally broken his silence
After being axed from Strictly Come Dancing, professional dancer Brendan Cole has now broken his silence on rumours he was involved with his first ever famous partner Natasha Kaplinsky.
Brendan and his ex-fiancee Camilla Dallerup famously split after the dancer was paired with newsreader Natasha on the very first series of Strictly way back in 2004.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
It was speculated at the time that the 41-year-old got very close with his celeb partner, and although he furiously denied the affair at the time, his eight-year relationship with Camilla quickly came to an end.
And the whole thing basically coined the infamous phrase ‘Strictly curse'. Eeek!
But now, after 14 years Brendan has finally opened up on the rumours, insisting that an affair never took place.
‘I've never talked about what relationship Natasha and I had on the show,' he told the Daily Mail.
More: Strictly star Karen Clifton reveals the TRUTH about relationship with Kevin Clifton after weeks of ‘split' rumours
‘What I did learn is that Strictly is not reality. It's a television show where emotions are very much heightened.
‘It's a unique situation and a fantastic show to be part of, but when you take it away, life just goes back to normal.'
Explaining their friendship further, the New Zealand born star continued: ‘I didn't cross any lines with Natasha',
‘I was single. Camilla had ended the relationship very early on in the series so what happened happened after that.'
Before adding: ‘It was a harrowing time — winning the show as much as my friendship with Natasha. On the other hand it was like, Holy Moses. It can ruin a marriage so easily.'
Luckily, Brendan is now happily married wife of eight years Zoe and the pair share five-year-old daughter Aurelia together and are expecting baby number two.
Speaking about the ‘curse' and how Strictly speculation affects his marriage, Brendan revealed: ‘Zoe trusts me but does she like it? No.
‘Does anybody like to see anything gossipy being put out there about their husband even though they understand the industry? No.'
It comes after Brendan recently revealed he won't be returning to Strictly after 13 years on the show.
The pro has been in all 15 series and was close to tears as he revealed the shocking news on Lorraine last week.
And judging by the outrage from fans – we have a feeling Brendan will be very much missed!
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
OTTAWA – Researchers say inadequate funding and poor collaboration between governments and private landowners are behind the failure of Canada's laws to protect endangered and threatened species.
“There is a sense with many parties that it's not quite getting us where we want to be,” said Scott McFatridge of the Smart Prosperity Institute at the University of Ottawa.
“We need to take a more collaborative approach.”
The think tank released a report Friday that looks into the failures of and possible improvements to the Species At Risk Act, federal legislation passed 16 years ago intended to identify vulnerable plants and animals and to guide their recovery.
READ MORE: Ontario government launches operation to move endangered caribou off wolf-laden island
The report points to previous research suggesting the way the act is currently implemented is failing. That study found that of the 350 species it lists, 85 per cent of them have seen no improvement or have deteriorated.
Last fall, the World Wildlife Fund released research that concluded being listed under the act made no difference at all to the fate of a species. Plants and animals on the list declined just as often and as rapidly as unlisted ones.
It's not the act, said McFatridge.
“It's a very flexible act and it has many different tools. It has to do with the implementation and political will among all the parties.”
Environment and Climate Change Canada did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In 2013, the auditor general found Ottawa hadn't met legal requirements for establishing recovery strategies and management plans. That report concluded 146 recovery strategies were incomplete, over 90 per cent of required action plans hadn't been completed and management plans for species of special concern were not completed in 42 per cent of cases.
READ MORE: Alberta ski resort argues facts in court after pleading guilty to cutting down endangered trees
Last fall, almost all the provinces failed to meet federal deadlines for caribou recovery plans.
McFatridge said better co-operation between the federal, provincial and territorial governments on Crown land is needed. Ottawa can put protections in place on federal lands, but not others.
“It forms a bit of a patchwork. We need to see much more active co-operation.”
He suggested provinces could establish species at risk permits similar to ones that exist for federal Crown land. The permits are required for work that could disturb the habitat of the most threatened species.
As well, he said, governments need to work harder to bring private landowners into the game. About half of all species at risk have habitat on private land.
Governments should use compensation to get more landowners to preserve habitat, the report concludes. Tools such as conservation easements, which restrict the type of development that can occur, should be used more often.
“In some cases, it's going to require payments for farmers, especially if the species at risk is a nuisance for their property, because they're providing a benefit for us,” McFatridge said.
Ottawa also has to be willing to move on its own, he said. The act currently allows the federal government to move in with a special protection order if a province lags too much in establishing a recovery plan.
But the act already contains the necessary tools, McFatridge said.
“It's not necessarily throwing out the baby with the bathwater, but building on and scaling up and pushing further some of the things we're already doing.”
The current approach isn't working, he said.
“Species are just going to continue to deteriorate.
“We need to be doing a lot more to reverse that trend line. That will take commitment and that will take resources.”
Hajj doctor Salim Parker pens his latest hajj story. Read more at hajjdoctor.co.za
‘What would you do if you get lost during Hajj?' she asked her father. This conversation took place before he and her mother were to depart for Hajj. The couple were supposed to have performed the most important journey in the life of a Muslim the year before but his wife had a major medical problem literally weeks before they had to undertake the journey and had to postpone it.
She recovered remarkably well and, with the blessings of their Creator and a remarkable will and steely determination, they were fully prepared for the journey the second time around. The daughter the rest of the family were very aware of his love for making Duaa. When it was one of his children's or grandchildren's birthdays, he would gift them a prayer. A special present would be two prayers.
‘Dad, what are you going to do if you get lost during Hajj?' she probably asked again. He replied that he would sit down somewhere and make Duaa. I did not know this and might have reacted very differently when I first met him.
Every Hajj group tries to orientate their Hujjaaj a few days before Hajj as to where all the different camps on Mina and Arafat are in relation to their current accommodation. It is reiterated to all that the crowds are vast, that vehicle transport may at times be difficult, and at other times impossible. It is emphasised to everyone to always keep their identification tags on them at all times. My group had two camps on Mina.
The first group were taken on an excursion to the camp after Fajr two days before Hajj commenced in order for them to familiarise them with the route from their base accommodation in Azizyah just outside Makkah and very close to Mina itself. Landmarks were pointed out and this could be used as a guide if pilgrims were lost. This first group set off very excitedly and, a few hours later, returned with markedly decreased levels of energy and with the harsh reality of the physical demands of the short walk having shaken them out of their romantic notions of undertaking the walking Hajj.
Hajj was in the heart of summer and the temperature was hovering in the high forties. It was humid and unpleasant. The first group realised that, even though there were no crowds, no traffic with its claustrophobically noxious emissions, and no army personnel forcing them to take detours that would add kilometres to their journey under the unforgivingly blazing sun, this short walk would drain them significantly.
Many who initially decided to walk realised that they would be much better off taking the provided transport. Yes they would probably be stuck in heavy traffic along some parts of their journey but at least they would be seated in air-conditioned comfort. They may even, at some stage, decide to get off their conveyance but at least would have some inkling as to their whereabouts and where to walk to.
The second group walked in the late afternoon when the temperature was supposed to be bearable after the afternoon zenith. Of course the reference to the heat is all relative. Bearable in relation to a furnace or hot oven would be an apt description.
A few hours earlier, capsules that I was carrying from hotel to another, melted a mere two minutes into my journey. I accompanied this second group from our hotel in Azizyah and we all ensured that we had adequate protection against the sun and enough hydrating fluids. We were all sweating before we even got to the main road. That road was only reached after climbing a number of steps. It then inclined significantly to lead to a tunnel through which we would reach Mina. The group leaders were spread from the front to the back of the increasingly lengthening line as the disparity in the levels of fitness and endurance ability of the walkers became increasingly evident.
I drifted up and down this group until we reached the tunnel which had a cooling system in it, a welcome reprieve from the oppressive heat despite the deafening noise of the turbines that rushed on the cooling air. Even though we were walking up an incline, the pace quickened, except for those lagging at the back.
This led to an even greater distance between the leaders and those bringing up the rear. I had already exited the tunnel when someone rushed up to me. ‘Please come look at this gentleman,' he worriedly requested. I obliged and ran to a back to where a small group were surrounding a clearly unwell man. He was sweating profusely, unlike the rest of us in the tunnel with its cooling gusts. ‘He is not speaking,' someone said. ‘I think he is having a stroke,' someone else volunteered. The gentleman was not responding to any questions and sat on a low wall. He seemed to glance into the distance and seemed oblivious of his surroundings. I had a good idea of what was wrong with him.
I advised the others to join the rest of the group. We were very close to the end of the tunnel and right outside it was one of the best equipped hospitals that I have ever come across. A good friend of mine was working in the hospital at that very moment and it would have been easy for me to have him seen to if it was needed. I did a basic examination and found his power and strength to be normal. He was now following basic instructions such as lifting up his hands. A few minutes later he verbally confirmed his identity, which we have already established by as he was wearing a wrist band and two cards attached to a lanyard stating it. After another ten minutes he could easily communicate and could give me a full breakdown of all his medical conditions, even though it was in response to direct questions only.
He admitted to being an epileptic and indicated that he did not have any attacks for a few years. I explained that the stress of the walk probably precipitated this attack, even though he took his medication regularly. He refused admission to hospital and the two of us started to slowly walk back to his hotel. It was a downhill walk and he was responding more easily by now. He agreed not to walk during the days of Hajj. If it was forced on him to walk, such as when a bus broke down, he was stayed with his group and proceed slowly. ‘Your health is important on this journey, and there is no rush for any of our rituals,' I implored. I advised him to seek help as soon as he felt unwell. He could anticipate an attack and this is when he should indicate to someone that he was not feeling well. We reached his hotel after about thirty minutes and I examined him in more detail and then we parted ways.
That was my first and last encounter with him. I was not aware that he told his daughter that he'll simply sit down somewhere and make Duaa if he were to get lost. In retrospect, when he felt unwell, he would have done the exactly same thing, as in this instance. When on Hajj, millions are walking, sitting or sleeping everywhere. No one is going to ask anyone sitting somewhere whether they were feeling fine and if they needed help. It is only when someone collapses or has an evident problem that they would approach such a person. There are plenty of volunteers and officials who would help- if they were asked. Sadly, I did not know about his background. Could I have prevented what followed a few days later?
This story will continue in the next edition.
Comments
comments
Model behavior at Depot Museum
Posted on December 11, 2017 by Sonoma Valley Sun
The annual Depot Park Museum Holiday Train Show rolls into town with a huge spread of model trains, tracks, tunnels, bridges, buildings and miniature people and animals.
Presented by the Sonoma Valley Historical Society and the Sonoma Short Line Model Railroad Club. December 15-17. 1 to 4 p.m. Free, but donations encouraged. 270 First St. W.
This month, three local power plants fueled by natural gas announced they were closing, and plans for a fourth have been scrapped. Collectively, they are victims of an energy glut and changing energy policies that are moving the state away from fossil fuels.
What plants are closing or not being built at all?
NRG Energy announced last week it would close three gas-fired power plants: The Etiwanda plant in Ranch Cucamonga, the Ormond Beach plant in Oxnard and the Ellwood plant in Goleta. They were aging plants, built in the 1960s and '70s.
But plans for some new plants are also being sidelined. Last October, NRG asked the California Energy Commission to suspend processing its application to build another gas-fired plant, known as the Puente power project in Oxnard, shortly after two commissioners indicated they would recommend it be denied a permit.
Also last week, energy company Calpine suspended its application to build a new power plant in Oxnard, along the Santa Clara River. That had been opposed by the Wishtoyo Foundation, which represents the cultural assets of the Chumash tribe of Native Americans. In its notice to the California Energy Commission suspending the application, attorneys for Calpine said Southern California Edison would not buy the plant's power.
But, don't we need gas-fired power plants?
California's big utilities get about half their electricity from gas-fired power plants, so yes, gas remains a critical part of the state's energy diet, said UCLA Engineering professor Laurent Pilon. Natural gas is plentiful, and it is low cost. It's good at firing up power plants very rapidly, which is important when intermittent sources like solar and wind can quickly fall off.
But gas is a fossil fuel that California is trying to wean itself from in order to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change. The state has a goal for 30 percent of its power to be from renewable sources by 2020, and to generate half from renewables by 2030.
California still has a lot of gas-fired power plants. Hundreds were built in the state following the rolling blackouts of the early 2000s during a price manipulation scandal.
What is pulling Californians away from using gas plants?
While the state's supply of gas plants was ramping up, state and federal policies were changing to encourage the use of renewable sources of energy like wind and solar. Federal investment and tax incentives make the power competitive in price with natural gas, and state laws require utilities to buy at least some of their power from renewable sources.
Stanford researcher Dian Greuneich sat on the state Public Utilities Commission for several years pressing for renewable energy.
"If we're going to get really serious about climate change, the role of natural gas is going to decrease — and decrease significantly — in California over the next few decades," she said.
What's more — cities and counties are banding together into energy purchasing groups that are steering away from gas-powered plants in favor of renewables. It's a strategy called Community Choice Aggregation. In Los Angeles County, the county and dozens of cities created a power purchasing group called Clean Power Alliance that is expected to buy from renewable sources. The power would be transmitted to customers over Southern California Edison lines.
That's making big utilities like Southern California Edison shy away from signing long-term contracts to buy electricity that comes from natural gas, Greuneich said.
Who's still building gas-fired power plants?
Glendale Water and Power is in the final stages of getting environmental approvals from the City Council for a new gas-fired plant that would replace two older units at the city's Grayson power plant that were built in the 1940s, said General Manager Steve Zurn.
It's a $500 million project, and a controversial one among residents who question the need to continue using fossil fuels to light and power Glendale, a city of 200,000 north of Los Angeles.
Glendale has only two transmission lines capable of importing electricity from renewable sources in the Southwest and Pacific Northwest, Zurn said. If one or both of them were interrupted, the city utility would need to generate its own power. Those lines are used today to increase the portion of the city's power mix from renewable sources.
Zurn remembers the rolling blackouts of the early 2000s, when much of the state was at the mercy of power price manipulators. Glendale and other cities that have their own power utilities were mostly spared the problems that plagued customers who were getting their power from Southern California Edison and other investor-owned utilities in the state.
Zurn listed several other gas plants that are also in the construction and permitting pipeline in the greater Los Angeles area as proof that just because some older plants are going offline, there remains a need for them in other areas. Plants are moving forward in Los Alamitos, Huntington Beach, and Stanton.
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power has plans for at least one more big gas plant near El Segundo on the grounds of its existing Scattergood Power Plant. However, the city has put the plant on a back burner since June while it studies whether such a plant is still needed, given the growing capacity of solar and wind alternatives and the increasing capacity of batteries to store energy from it.
Getty Images
Stephen Jones wants to see the NFL keep kickoffs. The Cowboys executive vice president concedes that means making the play safer but is hopeful that the league will find a way to do that, beginning next week with a player safety summit.
“I think what we're doing is really calling upon our special teams coaches, our head coaches and our management and ownership to see if there are some creative ways to do some things that we can do with that play to make is safer to make it where we don't have to do away with it, which is where I would hope we would end up,” said Jones, a member of the league's competition committee.
Packers president Mark Murphy, also a member of the competition committee, has said the kickoff is headed toward elimination without a reduction in injuries on the play.
Although the NFL has moved touchbacks to the 25-yard line, it did little to mitigate the safety risk last season.
“We want to make the play safer,” Jones said. “I think sometimes we get into data that can be misinterpreted. I know Mark feels strongly, and I certainly respect that. We certainly want to look out for our football players first and foremost. At the same time, you want to make sure you're looking at it through the proper lens.
“My goal and I think the goal of the group that's probably up there next week is to see what we can with the play to make even safer without not having it, if you will. There's no question I think everybody's on board that it's more dangerous than our other football plays that we have in our game today. But at the same time, I do think we've done a lot of good things with it that have helped it. Obviously, with what college football is going to do with the fair catch, so you get rid of the pooch kick and that ball comes out to the 25-yard line, there are a lot of ways to look at it.”
College football introduced a rule change for 2018 that allows the receiving team to fair catch the ball anywhere inside the 25-yard line and have the play count as a touchback.
Related Coverage Bergdahl hearing expected to focus on criticism from Trump
WASHINGTON (AP) — Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive by the Taliban for half a decade after abandoning his Afghanistan post, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, two individuals with knowledge of the case said.
Bergdahl's decision to plead guilty rather than face trial marks another twist in an eight-year drama that caused the nation to wrestle with difficult questions of loyalty, negotiating with hostage takers and America's commitment not to leave its troops behind. President Donald Trump has called Bergdahl a “no-good traitor” who “should have been executed.”
The decision by the 31-year-old Idaho native leaves open whether he will return to captivity for years — this time in a U.S. prison — or receive a lesser sentence that reflects the time the Taliban held him under brutal conditions. He says he had been caged, kept in darkness, beaten and chained to a bed.
Bergdahl could face up to five years on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehavior.
Freed three years ago, Bergdahl had been scheduled for trial in late October. He had opted to let a judge rather than a military jury decide his fate, but a guilty plea later this month will spare the need for a trial.
Sentencing will start on Oct. 23, according to the individuals with knowledge of the case. They weren't authorized to discuss the case and demanded anonymity. During sentencing, U.S. troops who were seriously wounded searching for Bergdahl in Afghanistan are expected to testify, the individuals said.
It was unclear whether prosecutors and Bergdahl's defense team had reached any agreement ahead of sentencing about how severe a penalty prosecutors will recommend.
An attorney for Bergdahl, Eugene Fidell, declined to comment on Friday. Maj. Justin Oshana, who is prosecuting the case, referred questions to the U.S. Army, which declined to discuss whether Bergdahl had agreed to plead guilty.
“We continue to maintain careful respect for the military-judicial process, the rights of the accused and ensuring the case's fairness and impartiality during this ongoing legal case,” said Paul Boyce, an Army spokesman.
Bergdahl was a 23-year-old private first class in June 2009 when, after five months in Afghanistan, he disappeared from his remote infantry post near the Pakistan border, triggering a massive search operation.
Videos soon emerged showing Bergdahl in captivity by the Taliban, who ruled Afghanistan in the years before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and harbored al-Qaida leaders including Osama bin Laden as they plotted against America. For years, the U.S. kept tabs on Bergdahl with drones, spies and satellites as behind-the-scenes negotiations played out in fits and starts.
In May 2014, he was handed over to U.S. special forces in a swap for five Taliban detainees at the Guantanamo Bay prison, fueling an emotional U.S. debate about whether Bergdahl was a hero or a deserter.
As critics questioned whether the trade was worth it, President Barack Obama stood with Bergdahl's parents in the White House Rose Garden and defended the swap. The United States does not “leave our men or women in uniform behind,” Obama declared, regardless of how Bergdahl came to be captured. The Taliban detainees were sent to Qatar.
“Whatever those circumstances may turn out to be, we still get an American soldier back if he's held in captivity,” Obama said. “Period. Full stop.”
Trump, as a presidential candidate, was unforgiving of Bergdahl, who has been assigned to desk duty at a Texas Army base pending the outcome of his case. At campaign events, Trump declared that Bergdahl “would have been shot” in another era, even pantomiming the pulling of the trigger.
“We're tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who's a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed,” Trump said at a Las Vegas rally in 2015.
Bergdahl's guilty plea will follow several pretrial rulings against him that had complicated his defense. Army Col. Jeffery R. Nance, the judge, decided in June that testimony from troops wounded as they searched for him would be allowed during sentencing, a decision that strengthened prosecutors' leverage to pursue stiffer punishment.
Some of Bergdahl's fellow soldiers want him held responsible for any harm suffered by those who went looking for him. The judge ruled a Navy SEAL and an Army National Guard sergeant wouldn't have found themselves in separate firefights if they hadn't been searching.
The defense separately argued Trump's scathing criticism unfairly swayed the case. The judge ruled otherwise. Nance wrote in February that Trump's comments were “disturbing and disappointing” but didn't constitute unlawful command influence by the soon-to-be commander in chief.
Bergdahl's lawyers also contended that misbehavior before the enemy, the more serious charge, was legally inappropriate and too severe. They were rebuffed again. The judge said a soldier who leaves his post alone and without authorization should know he could face punishment. The misbehavior charge has rarely been used in recent decades, though there were hundreds of cases during World War II.
Defense attorneys don't dispute that Bergdahl walked off his base without authorization. Bergdahl himself told a general during a preliminary investigation that he left intending to cause alarm and draw attention to what he saw as problems with his unit. An Army Sanity Board Evaluation concluded he suffered from schizotypal personality disorder.
The defense team has argued that Bergdahl can't be held responsible for a long chain of events that included decisions by others about how to retrieve him that were far beyond his control.
___
Associated Press writer Jonathan Drew in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Google is facing diverse diversity lawsuits.
A former employee is suing the company for allegedly discriminating against white and Asian male applicants as it tries to boost the number of black, Latino and female staffers.
Arne Wilberg worked for seven years as a recruiter at YouTube, which is owned by Google. His job was to court and hire candidates for engineering and technology positions. In court documents filed in January, he alleges Google's "quota-based hiring practices" systematically instructed recruiters to "purge" eligible Caucasian and Asian candidates from potential hiring pools. He says they were told to favor applicants from underrepresented groups within the company. That meant interviewing only Hispanic, African-American or female job seekers.
California labor law prohibits employers from making job decisions based on characteristics like race or gender.
Employees from Taiwan Google join the annual gay parade in Taipei on October 26, 2013. SAM YEH/AFP/Getty Images
The lawsuit describes several instances in which Wilberg says he raised concerns with supervisors and human resources executives only to allegedly be retaliated against. Wilberg claims he and other recruiting team members were made to feel "completely uncomfortable and psychologically unsafe" reporting to their boss, a champion of the diversity policies.
He also alleges Google subjected him "to unsubstantiated performance reviews, performance criticisms and [terminated] his employment." Wilberg was fired in November 2017.
The court documents recount alleged conversations wherein several employees complained to Google managers about the company's diversity hiring practices. Although he maintains that Google favored minorities, Wilberg declares that "one recruiter told her peers that she felt the way the team talked about black people in team meetings was like we were talking about black slaves as slave traders on a ship." In another encounter, Wilberg recalls, "One team member complained that managers were speaking about blacks like they were objects."
Google has denied the company implemented discriminatory policies toward Caucasian and Asian men. In a statement to Gizmodo, the company said it "will vigorously defend this lawsuit."
Google added:
"We have a clear policy to hire candidates based on their merit, not their identity. At the same time, we unapologetically try to find a diverse pool of qualified candidates for open roles, as this helps us hire the best people, improve our culture, and build better products."
Wilberg's lawsuit is the latest legal attack on Google and its workplace culture.
Just Thursday, Gizmodo reported that a former female software engineer had filed a lawsuit accusing the company of condoning a "bro-culture" that encouraged sexual harassment and turning a blind eye to harmful pranks and physical violence.
In January a woman named Heidi Lamar sued the company on charges that women working as preschool teachers in Google's child care center were paid lower salaries than male counterparts who had fewer qualifications.
Wilberg's lawsuit is also the second asserting that the tech giant discriminates against white men. James Damore, who was fired after criticizing Google's diversity efforts, filed a class-action lawsuit against the company in January. He claimed Google's top brass discriminated against conservative men.
Finally, a Department of Labor official has also accused Google of practicing "systemic" discrimination against female employees.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court today dismissed a plea challenging the anticipatory bail granted to three trustees of the Ryan International Group in connection with the killing of a student in the school premises.
A bench of Justices R K Agrawal and A M Sapre said the “petition is dismissed.” The court had earlier reserved the order on the plea of the father of 7-year-old boy, who was found dead in Ryan International School in Gurgaon, challenging the anticipatory bail granted to the trustees of the group.
Pradyuman, a Class II student, was found with his throat slit in the school washroom in Gurgaon on September 8. School bus conductor Ashok Kumar was earlier arrested by Haryana Police in connection with the crime. He was recently granted bail by a lower court.
The case was transferred to the CBI and the agency had apprehended a Class 11 student in connection with the killing.
The high court had on November 21 granted anticipatory bail to Ryan International Group CEO Ryan Pinto and his parents — founding chairman Augustine Pinto and managing director Grace Pinto, in connection with the killing of Pradyuman.
TAIPEI: China has been pressuring the United Arab Emirates and four other countries to ask Taiwan to rename its representative offices in another sign of diplomatic pressure on the self-ruled island, Taiwan's foreign ministry said on Thursday.
The pressure from Beijing on the UAE, Bahrain, Ecuador, Jordan, and Nigeria follows Panama's decision earlier this week to cut diplomatic ties with Taiwan and instead recognise China and its "One China" policy.
Taiwan's foreign ministry said in a statement China wanted the five countries to ask Taiwan to use names, such as "Taipei Trade Office", that do not suggest Taiwanese sovereignty.
"China is acting to suppress us in an impertinent way that has seriously offended the sensibilities of Taiwan's people," the statement said.
China's foreign ministry did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Taiwan's office in Jordan is currently called the "Commercial Office of the Republic of China".
The Republic of China is Taiwan's official name and dates back to the ROC government's control of mainland China before it fled to the island at the end of China's civil war.
China regards Taiwan as a renegade province to be brought back under its sovereignty by force, if necessary.
Taiwan and China have tried to poach each other's diplomatic allies ever since Taiwan's expulsion from the United Nations in 1971 to allow formal recognition of China.
The cross-strait rivals have often engaged in "dollar diplomacy", dangling generous aid packages in front of developing nations, although Taiwan has struggled to compete with an increasingly powerful China.
Panama became the second country to switch its recognition to Beijing since Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen took office last year, following Sao Tome and Principe last December, reducing the number Taiwan's diplomatic allies to 20.
Taiwan had as many as 30 diplomatic allies in the mid-1990s. Its remaining formal ties are with mostly smaller and poorer nations in Latin America and the Pacific.
(Reporting by Faith Hung; Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Paul Tait)
Chick-n-minis — those little nuggets wrapped in buttery biscuit dough — have some serious competition. Chick-Fil-A announced two significant changes to its menu, including a new dish that combines a few customer favorites into one bowl.
First up is the brand's first foray into breakfast bowls, only they're forgoing the acai smoothie trend and going straight for what they know best: chicken, chicken, and more chicken. Rather than asking which came first, the Hash Brown Scramble combines the chicken and the egg, folding sliced nuggets and Chick-Fil-A's tater tot-esque hash browns into a pile of scrambled eggs and Monterey Jack and cheddar cheeses. It's served with Jalapeño salsa, and the chain's promoting it as a protein-rich breakfast option.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
At 30 grams per bowl, it packs more than a cup of Greek yogurt (or a pint of Halo Top, for those who eat ice cream for breakfast). But it'll also set you back 450 calories.
The other big change is actually a riff on the Hash Brown Scramble. All of the aforementioned ingredients just get wrapped in a tortilla. Same dish, different delivery. It replaces the original breakfast burrito, and it's basically the same thing, only the peppers and onions have been replaced with jalapeño salsa, and it now includes tots.
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Download the Delish app.
Iran Focus
London, 7 Dec - US secretary of state Rex Tillerson said that pressure will continue to be applied to Iran over its nuclear deal commitments during a press conference in Brussels on Tuesday.
Tillerson was making a joint address with Frederica Mogherini, the European Union's high representative.
Tillerson said: "We discussed ... our joint efforts under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action [JCPOA] to hold Iran fully compliant with the terms of that deal and fully enforce that agreement."
This comes as Congress is still deciding whether to re-apply economic sanctions after Donald Trump's decertification of Iranian compliance with the nuclear deal in October. Congress' decision is due next week.
Trump had previously called the nuclear pact, between Iran and six world powers (the US, the UK, France, Germany, China, and Russia), "one of the worst deals I've ever seen".
The nuclear deal was supposed to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons- by imposing restrictions on Iran's stockpiles of uranium and their capacity to enrich it- in return for sanctions relief, but it has not worked.
The Iranian Regime is preventing international inspectors from visiting certain sites, working with North Korea on its ballistic missile programme, and even setting up missile production factories in other Middle Eastern states via proxy groups.
Trump accuses Iran of not living up to the spirit of the deal, by continuing its own ballistic missile programme, supporting terrorism, and abusing the Iranian people.
Tillerson cited this in his address. He said that Iran is responsible for a number of destabilizing activities in the Middle East, including support for the Houthi terrorist group in Yemen's civil war, sending weapons and troops to the Syrian Civil War to assist Bashar Assad, and continued support for US-sanctioned terrorist group Hezbollah.
He said:"These issues and activities of Iran cannot be ignored and cannot go unanswered, and we intend to continue to take action to ensure Iran understands this is not acceptable to us, and we look forward to working with our European partners in that regard."
Mogherini, who has previously visited Iran for the inauguration of President Hassan Rouhani, her support for the nuclear deal.
However, the US Department of State said that the Iranian nuclear deal has many "serious flaws" that are being addressed.
A spokesperson said: "The president has directed his administration to work with Congress and our partners to fix the JCPOA. We are not encouraging Congress to reimpose sanctions at this time.
The secretary's comments today are entirely consistent with the approach laid out by the president."
Islamabad - Previous studies have hailed the cruciferous vegetable's protective effects against breast, prostate and colon cancer. But now, a new study adds liver cancer to the list.
The study, led by Professor Elizabeth Jeffery at the University of Illinois showed that “The normal story about broccoli and health is that it can protect against a number of different cancers, but nobody had looked at liver cancer.”
In a previous research, Professor Jeffery and colleagues showed that sulforaphane - broccoli's cancer fighting compound - is best acquired by eating the vegetable chopped or lightly steamed.
Broccoli - along with cauliflower or Brussel sprouts - is a brassica vegetable, and previous research has suggested that brassica vegetables could stop the accumulation of fat in the liver, protecting against NAFLD.
Results showed that mice who were fed the westernised diet saw an increase in both the number and size of cancer nodules in the liver.
When broccoli was added to the diet, however, the number of nodules decreased.
The researchers found that broccoli appeared to decrease uptake of fat into the liver, which increased the output of lipids.
“I think it's very difficult, particularly given the choices in fast food restaurants, for everybody to eat a lower-fat diet,” says Professor Jeffery.
“But more and more now you can get broccoli almost everywhere you go. Most restaurants will offer broccoli, and it's really a good idea to have it with your meal.”
Previous studies have suggested that eating broccoli three to five times per week can lower the risk of other cancers.
With the loss of high school junior Avery Shannon in an off-roading incident this weekend, the Jenks community is left dealing with yet another heartbreaking tragedy.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The special counsel investigating whether Russia interfered in the U.S. presidential election and possible collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign wants to speak with current and former senior White House officials, the New York Times reported on Saturday.
Robert Mueller, the special counsel leading the investigation, is in talks with the White House about potential interviews, including with former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, the newspaper said, citing three unnamed sources briefed on the discussions.
Spokespeople for Mueller and the White House did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
"Mr. Mueller has asked the White House about specific meetings, who attended them and whether there are any notes, transcripts or documents about them," the newspaper reported, citing two of the people.
Mueller, a former head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, wants to learn more about why Trump decided to fire James Comey, the FBI chief who was dismissed in May, according to the paper.
No interviews have yet been set, the paper said.
Trump has called Mueller's investigation a "witch hunt." Allegations of collusion between Trump associates and Moscow have hounded the Republican president since he took office in January, presenting a major distraction from his policy agenda.
Russia has repeatedly denied meddling in the U.S. election, and Trump has said there was no collusion.
Last month, the FBI raided the home of Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, and collected evidence, the Washington Post reported earlier in the week. [nL1N1KV0ZI]
Samsung may be working on the Galaxy Note 9 and that mysterious foldable phone but the South Korean tech giant still has many other plans. Of course, it's one OF the biggest OEMs in the world today only in the mobile business. It has many projects like updating most of its flagship models to the latest Android version or implementing the on-screen fingerprint sensor. Rumor has it the Galaxy S9 and S9+ will soon have 128GB and 256GB variants, at least, in the US.
There is no official announcement yet but such variants are currently listed on Verizon Wireless's Open Development page. It lists LTE Cat-M1 certified phones that include the revolutionary Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. All four variants are there–the Galaxy S9 128GB, Galaxy S9+ 128GB, Galaxy S9 256GB, and Galaxy S9+ 256GB.
The page details the network technology as LTE Multimode with GSM while LTE Category Support is Cat 18. There are other Galaxy phones adding the LTE Cat-M1 support such as the Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, S8, S8+, and Galaxy Note 8. These are new items on the list but we're certain more will be added.
Imagine just how many photos, videos, and apps you can store on 128GB and 256GB–a lot. This isn't the first time Samsung will be rolling out 128GB variants because there's the also Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy S8, and Galaxy S8+ 128GB models released in the past.
VIA: Reddit
SOURCE: Verizon Wireless
AP, CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh
Sri Lanka set up a potential final-day victory in the first Test against Bangladesh after smashing 713-9 yesterday before reducing the hosts to 81-3 in their second innings.
Bangladesh still trails Sri Lanka by 119 runs with first-innings centurion Mominul Haque 18 not out at stumps on day 4 with an increasingly deteriorating pitch.
Sri Lanka declared their first innings two overs after tea, having reached the second-highest total against Bangladesh.
Sri Lanka also scored the highest — 730-6 declared in 2010 in Dhaka.
Openers Tamim Iqbal and Imrul Kayes made an aggressive start for Bangladesh, amassing 513 runs in their first innings, but Kayes played an expensive sweep shot against off-spinner Dilruwan Perera to throw away his wicket for 19.
Left-arm spinner Lakshan Sandakan undid Iqbal with a quicker delivery to bring an end to his fluent 41, leaving Bangladesh 76-2.
Mushfiqur Rahim and Haque looked like seeing out the day for Bangladesh without further problems until Rahim was out for two.
After resuming the day on 504-3, Sri Lanka added 109 runs in the first session to surpass 600 and eclipse England's 599-6 declared against Bangladesh in 2010 for the highest innings total at the venue.
Roshen Silva, playing just his second Test, scored 109 to become the third centurion in the Sri Lankan innings after Kusal Mendis (196) and Dhananjaya de Silva (173).
De Silva was dismissed trying to cut off spinner Mehidy Hasan (3-174) in the 156th over to end a 135-run partnership with Chandimal.
Hastings United Football Club all but secured a play-off place after a thrilling 4-4 draw away to Lewes this afternoon (Easter Monday).
The result keeps United in the final Ryman Football League Division One South play-off spot of fifth - three points ahead of sixth-placed Carshalton Athletic, who lost 1-0 away to leaders Tooting & Mitcham United, and with a vastly superior goal difference heading into the final game of the season.
Only a defeat at home to Chipstead and a Carshalton victory over East Grinstead Town, plus a 30-goal swing in the goal difference, can deny United a play-off spot.
United's afternoon got off to a bad start as Stephen Butcher and Danny Leonard - both of whom were listed in the starting XI on the teamsheet - withdrew in the warm-up.
But they shrugged off that disruption to open the scoring inside three minutes. Bradley Stevenson stood up a lovely cross from near the byeline for Shomari Barnwell to head home at the far post.
Kiernan Hughes-Mason then saw a well-struck drive parried by home goalkeeper Chris Winterton, but Lewes levelled in the sixth minute. A cross from the home right was headed in by Jonte Smith.
Ollie Rowe's 80th minute equaliser earned United a hard-fought point. Picture courtesy Scott White
United suffered a further injury setback when Jerrome Sobers hobbled off in the 17th minute to be replaced by academy prospect Ollie Black, who did a decent job at left-back.
Lewes went 2-1 up through a spectacular goal by former United midfielder Jack Dixon two minutes later. A long free kick was headed down straight to Dixon, who unleashed a magnificent strike from 25 yards right into the top corner.
Lloyd Harrington flicked Ghassimu Sow's free kick just wide of United's near post before United made it 2-2 in the 35th minute. A decent cross from the right by Matt Bodkin was glanced into the far corner by the head of Barnwell for his second.
After Harry Stannard's well-timed volley flashed inches over the Lewes crossbar, United fell behind again in the 40th minute. A free kick from the Lewes left was headed back across United goalkeeper Ryan Nicholls and into the net by Alex Malins.
Ollie Rowe thought he had brought United level once more late in the first half, but his close range header after Hughes-Mason flicked on Stevenson's free kick was disallowed for offside.
More goals looked inevitable in the second half and Lewes came agonisingly close within three minutes of the restart, Smith's angled shot striking the base of the far post. Rowe was then denied by Winter following a scramble in the box at the other end.
Malins headed into the side-netting at the far post from Sow's corner and United went down the other end to make it 3-3 in the 55th minute. Hughes-Mason slotted low past Winterton having been played in by a lovely touch from Stannard.
Ronnie Conlon headed over at the far post from another Sow set-piece prior to Lewes going 4-3 up in the 66th minute. Nicholls got a hand to Dixon's header diving to his right, but the ball had just enough pace on it to cross the line.
Nicholls made a good stop diving to his right from Conlon to keep United in it and they went on to grab an 80th minute equaliser. Frannie Collin's free kick was hooked goalwards by Stannard against a Lewes defender and Rowe slid in to turn it home.
There were many happy faces at the end of United's third 4-4 draw of the season, although the release of half-a-dozen explosives at various points in the afternoon - seemingly by United supporters - spoiled things somewhat.
United: Nicholls, Hughes-Mason, Cruttwell, Emptage, Sobers (Black 17), Rowe, Bodkin, Johnson, Barnwell (Collin 65), Stevenson, Stannard. Subs not used: Akoto, Rose. Attendance: 771.
Ryman Division One South top 10 (all played 45 matches, 1 remaining): 1 Tooting & Mitcham United 105pts (+67 goal difference), 2 Dorking Wanderers 102 (+58), 3 Greenwich Borough 92 (+46), 4 Corinthian-Casuals 90 (+36), 5 HASTINGS UNITED 81 (+64), 6 Carshalton Athletic 78 (+35), 7 Hythe Town 75 (+21), 8 Lewes 75 (+13), 9 Faversham Town 73 (+31), 10 South Park 73 (+13).
See our comprehensive sports coverage in the Observer every Friday.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1 Make this website your homepage
2 Like our Facebook page at facebook.com/pages/Sport-Sussex
3 Follows us on Twitter @SportSussex
4 Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
By Ra'ees Moerat
7 Steps Hub, was founded by Clint White, a social entrepreneur, artist, branding strategist and multipotentialite. Under his banner, he is currently facilitating an exhibition at the Open Design Festival in Cape Town, where he aims to highlight the success of prominent figures on the Cape Flats. White says that the exhibition showcases twelve people whoare been doing amazing things on the Cape Flats.
“I've been invited to exhibit at this year's Open Design Festival in the City Hall. The exhibition is called ‘Togetherheid' and it celebrates twelve people whoare been doing amazing things, coming from the Cape Flats and surrounds of the CBD,” he says.
He identified the icons, which are referred to as ‘heroes' in the exhibition and reached out to them, for them to form part of the exhibition. He also reached out to different photographers to capture the portraits.
“I identified icons who I felt, are doing amazing things in their communities and I just basically reached out to them and curated their photographs,” he adds.
White says it is important to highlight the success of people of colour, in order to break the negative stereotypes surrounding our communities.
“We don't highlight the success of people of colour enough. There are negative stereotypes of us who live on the Cape Flats particular. People say we are gangsters and drug addicts. The aim of this exhibition is to show that we cannot all be painted with that one brush,” he says.
Moreover, he says that the ‘heroes' comes from a variety of backgrounds, industries and areas in Cape Town.
“It is important for us to highlight and showcase these specific people, as a basis because it [the exhibition]is the first version of its kind. I want to extend the campaign as the years go on,” he says.
YoungstaCPT from Wynberg, is a music icon in the Hip Hop culture, with a sole purpose of ‘spitting dope bars' and representing the coloured community both nationally and abroad. His deep roots in the Cape Town underground Hip Hop scene, on-point and authentic rhymes – and superior work ethic, have made him the most talked-about rapper in the Cape Town Hip Hop scene to date.
Nadia Fisher, known as ‘Nardstar', is a female graffiti artist based in Cape Town. Originally from Westridge, Mitchells Plain. As a child she moved from Cape Town to Durban and then to Johannesburg. She ultimately relocated back to Cape Town, where she now calls Rondebosch her home.
In this predominantly male dominated industry, Nardstar has defied all stereotypes and misconceptions about female graffiti artists, setting herself up as one of the best in the country. She is a qualified graphic designer and attributes vector art as one of the influences on her signature style; filled with bright, bold colour schemes, using shapes to break down and transform her subject matter into a harmonious work of art.
One of the other ‘heroes' featured in White's exhibition is, Christelle Dreyer. She was born and raised in Brackenfell and obtained her Btech Degree in Graphic Design in 2011 from the Cape Peninsula University of Technology.
Dreyer lives with a disability called Osteogenesis Imperfecta (OI), also known as brittle bone disease, a group of genetic disorders that mainly affect the bones. At a young age she discovered her love and passion for dance, despite earlier physical concerns, she strongly pursued her desire to dance. As a ballroom and Latin dancer, she won numerous competitions. In 2007, she won first place in both, ballroom and Latin at the Holland World Championships.
White hopes to take the Togetherheid exhibition to schools all around Cape Town, in hopes of motivating the youth to do remarkable things with their lives too.
“The youth can identify themselves with the ‘heroes' in the exhibition and hopefully it will encourage them to realize their potential and become change-makers in their societies themselves,” he says.
The exhibition is open until the 19th August until 5pm. VOC
Comments
comments
Police say an Annapolis man has confessed to robbing the BB&T Bank on Hillsmere Drive last month.
Annapolis police said they arrested Rodney Wakefield, 51, on Thursday after receiving tips linking him to the armed robbery on Jan. 29.
Police were searching for a white male in his 50s or 60s who they say robbed the bank by handing a teller a note demanding money and implying he had a firearm.
After identifying Wakefield as the suspect, officers found him in the 500 block of Burnside Street around 4 p.m. Thursday and brought him into custody, the department said.
Police said he confessed to the robbery and will be charged with armed robbery and other related offenses. As of Friday, online court records do not show Wakefield as having been charged nor whether he is represented by an attorney.
CAPTION Anne Arundel County Circuit Court Judge Paul Harris Jr. found John Havermann, 19, not guilty of two misdemeanor hate crimes after he and another man admitted hanging a noose at Crofton Middle School last year. (Thalia Juarez | BSMG) Anne Arundel County Circuit Court Judge Paul Harris Jr. found John Havermann, 19, not guilty of two misdemeanor hate crimes after he and another man admitted hanging a noose at Crofton Middle School last year. (Thalia Juarez | BSMG) CAPTION Anne Arundel County Circuit Court Judge Paul Harris Jr. found John Havermann, 19, not guilty of two misdemeanor hate crimes after he and another man admitted hanging a noose at Crofton Middle School last year. (Thalia Juarez | BSMG) Anne Arundel County Circuit Court Judge Paul Harris Jr. found John Havermann, 19, not guilty of two misdemeanor hate crimes after he and another man admitted hanging a noose at Crofton Middle School last year. (Thalia Juarez | BSMG) CAPTION Legislative representative for the Maryland Human Trafficking Task Force discusses the group's support of Del. Mark Chang's bill with amendments. Legislative representative for the Maryland Human Trafficking Task Force discusses the group's support of Del. Mark Chang's bill with amendments. CAPTION Capital Reporter Phil Davis discusses the sentencing case of a Baltimore man facing 18 months in jail for a crash that killed the “goodwill ambassador of Glen Burnie,” in which Circuit Court Judge Ronald Silkworth added a specific caveat. Capital Reporter Phil Davis discusses the sentencing case of a Baltimore man facing 18 months in jail for a crash that killed the “goodwill ambassador of Glen Burnie,” in which Circuit Court Judge Ronald Silkworth added a specific caveat. CAPTION Surveillance footage of the theft of firearms from Hanover Armory on Jan. 7. Surveillance footage of the theft of firearms from Hanover Armory on Jan. 7. CAPTION An Anne Arundel County judge gave police and prosecutors access to the names of all current and future public housing residents in Annapolis as part of a subpoena later withdrawn after it was challenged as overly broad and burdensome. (Produced by Thalia Juarez l BSMG) An Anne Arundel County judge gave police and prosecutors access to the names of all current and future public housing residents in Annapolis as part of a subpoena later withdrawn after it was challenged as overly broad and burdensome. (Produced by Thalia Juarez l BSMG)
twitter.com/PhilDavis_CG
There is no shortage of FTSE 100 greats that can be picked up for next-to-nothing right now. One such stock is DCC (LSE: DCC), a share that should warm the cockles of growth and income investors alike. Acquisitions are a key part of the fuel distributor?s growth strategy and DCC shows little sign of slowing down on this front. In an exciting move, its Health & Beauty Solutions division shelled out £35m last month on Elite One Source Nutritional Services to enter the gigantic US healthcare and dietary supplements market. Its LPG division has also made two meaningful acquisitions since the…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
There is no shortage of FTSE 100 greats that can be picked up for next-to-nothing right now. One such stock is DCC (LSE: DCC), a share that should warm the cockles of growth and income investors alike.
Acquisitions are a key part of the fuel distributor's growth strategy and DCC shows little sign of slowing down on this front. In an exciting move, its Health & Beauty Solutions division shelled out £35m last month on Elite One Source Nutritional Services to enter the gigantic US healthcare and dietary supplements market.
Its LPG division has also made two meaningful acquisitions since the turn of the year, and its robust balance sheet should keep earnings-boosting M&A action rolling along nicely.
Of course DCC is not without risk — the business of converting its M&A pipeline is never a foregone conclusion, while integrating acquisitions into the broader business can also be riddled with problems. However, the Footsie share has a pretty splendid record on this front.
A top ‘all-rounder'
Indeed, DCC has proven its mettle as a pick for those seeking reliable earnings improvement year after year. And City analysts expect this record to keep rolling for some time yet.
The business has grown earnings at double digit percentages in four of the past five years, and although City analysts expect expansion to slow to 9% in the year to March 2018, it is expected to pick up the pace again from fiscal 2019. A 19% rise is forecast for next year.
A forward P/E ratio of 18.3 times for the upcoming year may look slightly toppy from a conventional perspective. However, scratch a little deeper and DCC becomes an obvious value pick thanks to its corresponding PEG multiple which sits bang on the bargain watermark of 1.
And as I have said, there is plenty for dividend chasers to get excited about too. Payouts have risen at a stratospheric rate in recent times and for this year a 122.4p per share dividend is expected, up from 111.8p last year and yielding 1.8%. For fiscal 2019 this is expected to move to 137.2p, meaning a chunkier 2% yield.
What's more, these estimates are covered 2.6 times to 2.7 times by projected earnings through to the close of next year, providing shareholders with that little extra peace of mind.
Stunning growth forecasts
Just Eat (LSE: JE) is another big-cap share whose excellent earnings prospects make it worthy of serious attention.
In 2018 the takeaway middleman is expected to report a 23% earnings improvement, and to follow this up with a splendid 33% increase next year. And it isn't difficult to see why City brokers are so enthusiastic — while the company is in danger of losing share to competitors such as Deliveroo, the market is growing at such a rate that Just Eat should continue delivering brilliant revenues growth.
And on top of this, the vast amounts the business is investing in its operations should help it to maintain a large and loyal customer base.
It may look expensive at first, trading on a prospective earnings multiple of 35.8 times. However, a corresponding PEG ratio of 1.6 is not too demanding. And given the progress it is making across the globe (orders jumped 26% in 2017, to 172m), I reckon the takeaway titan is a terrific selection at current prices.
Hastings United Football Club picked up a very creditable point from its first away game of the season tonight (Monday).
United followed up their weekend win at home to Corinthian-Casuals with a 1-1 draw at Carshalton Athletic in Bostik Football League Division One South.
Both goals came during the second half. Mickel Miller put Carshalton ahead only for Hastings substitute Jack Harris to equalise eight minutes later.
Hastings manager Adam Hinshelwood made three changes to the side which started the Casuals game. Tom Vickers replaced the injured Tom Climpson in defence, while Billy Medlock started up-front in place of Harris and new signing Curtis Gayler replaced Simon Johnson in midfield.
The first half of a clash between two teams who won their opening matches was very scrappy. Carshalton hit the post and had a goalbound shot deflected away by one of their own players, while Hastings were restricted to a couple of long range efforts.
The second half was far livelier than the first and Carshalton, who finished one place and one point behind Hastings last term, drew first blood in the 60th minute at the end of one of several dangerous breaks down the left.
Hastings brought on Harris for Davide Rodari five minutes later and adopted a more direct approach.
It was Harris who levelled the score in the 68th minute. Harris challenged Carshalton goalkeeper Richard Ossai to a floated cross from the right-hand side of the area, and the ball bounced off Harris and dribbled over the line despite the best efforts of a Carshalton defender to keep it out.
Carshalton continued to look dangerous with their fast breaks thereafter and Josh Pelling made some good saves in the Hastings goal. Hastings had their moments too, though, and the hard-working Medlock went close with a free kick.
Hastings: Pelling, Pritchard, Beale, Carey, Aziaya, Vickers, Rodari (Harris), Dixon, Medlock, Gayler (Janneh), Cruttwell. Subs not used: Black, Rodrigues-Barbosa, Dullaway.
* THE Sussex Coast College Hastings United Football Academy open evening will take place at Hastings United Sports & Social Club on Wednesday (August 16) from 6pm.
Potential students will have an opportunity to meet the football academy's UEFA A Licensed coaches Adam Hinshelwood and Chris Agutter, who will be able to inform on the football and what the full-time football programme will look like week to week.
Sussex Coast College Hastings staff will also be on hand to cover any academic areas and answer any education-related questions.
Kit manufacturer Macron will also be in attendance and will be showing off the new kits and college attire. Potential students will be able to try on and size up before they order for the new season.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Sydney Airport Holdings Pty Ltd, a major beneficiary of China's outbound tourism boom, is targeting India as the next big international growth market, its CEO said on Thursday.
Passengers walk with their luggage towards departure gates at Sydney International Airport in Australia, October 25, 2017. Picture taken October 25, 2017. REUTERS/Steven Saphore/Files
Australia's biggest airport has non-stop services to 17 cities in mainland China, up from three a decade ago. The number of Chinese passengers has trebled over that period, contributing to strong earnings growth for the airport operator.
In contrast, there is only one direct link between Sydney and India - an Air India service that operates five days a week from New Delhi. This is despite the fact that India is the eighth-biggest source country for travellers to Australia.
Spending by Indian tourists, many of whom connect at Asian hubs like Singapore and Kuala Lumpur before reaching Australia, rose 16 percent to a record A$1.4 billion ($1 billion) in 2017.
“Our history and experience tells us if you put a direct flight on, you unlock that latent demand,” Sydney Airport CEO Geoff Culbert told Reuters in an interview on Thursday.
“And so we see the opportunity for a number of the other major cities in India, places like Mumbai and Bangalore.”
Tourism Australia describes India as being “underserved” in terms of aviation links.
Culbert said during a visit to India this month he met with several airlines to discuss adding services to Australia, offering financial incentives packages for the first year to ensure the flights would be viable.
“Interestingly they are not talking about do I put on a new route to Sydney versus Melbourne or Sydney versus Brisbane.
“They are deciding between a route to Sydney versus another daily service to London which they know is a proven route. So we have to make sure we are providing the most competitive products to encourage them to fly down,” he said.
Indian airlines IndiGo, SpiceJet Ltd and Vistara have been examining widebody jet orders that could allow them to compete against rivals Air India and Jet Airways on lengthier international routes, including to Australia.
Tourism Australia, the country's tourism marketing organisation, is also targeting India as a key growth market as the Australian economy shifts increasingly from commodities exports towards services like tourism and education.
“India is performing strongly but additional direct flights would be a huge step towards unlocking the market's enormous future potential,” Tourism Australia Managing Director John O'Sullivan said via email.
($1 = 1.3200 Australian dollars)
Reversing its three-day downward trend, the rupee recovered by 17 paise to 63.96 against the US dollar in early trade on Monday on fresh selling of the American currency by exporters.
Besides, the dollar's weakness against some currencies overseas and early gains in the domestic equity market supported the rupee.
The rupee had lost 5 paise to close 64.13 against the US currency in Friday's trade due to sustained demand for the American currency from importers and corporates.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex was quoting higher by 190.65 points or 0.61 per cent at 31,404.24 in opening trade today.
MORE than 100,000 people have petitioned the Queen to intervene in the Alfie Evans case after a High Court judge said doctors could turn off his life support.
The petition, which was started after the 23-month-old boy's life support machine was turned off on Monday night, is urging Queen Elizabeth II to take urgent action to protect him. Started by Kayleigh Price from Birkenhead, on behalf of Alfie's parents, it added “there is no time to spare anymore”. The petition reads: “As loyal subjects, we refuse to believe that Your Majesty would ever command such evil deeds to be done."
PA/Getty URGE: The petition to the Queen has been started on behalf of Alfie's parents
“There is no time to spare anymore” Petition It adds: “There is no time to spare anymore. “As your people, we implore you to urgently intervene. If her Majesty the Queen does not intervene in some way, we will take this as though she accepts that what is happening to her people in this country is OK.” One person who signed the petition commented: "Alfie needs to be given the right to live." Alfie's life support was switched off two nights ago but dad Tom Evans said is still breathing.
Getty Images PLEA: Alfie's dad Tom Evans spoke to the media outside the hospital yesterday
Lawyers representing the family applied to send the toddler to Italy, but this was refused by the High Court. And the hospital he is staying in, Alder Hey, spoke out yesterday. A statement from the hospital read: "This evening the High Court again ruled that it is in Alfie's best interests to continue with the end of life care plan developed by the clinical team who have cared for him throughout. "Our top priority therefore remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care he deserves to ensure his comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout."
Alfie Evans LATEST pictures from the case Doctors have been left "gobsmacked" after Alfie's life-support was withdrawn but he continued to live, his father Tom Evans has said. Follow this gallery to view the latest pictures from Alfie Evans' case. 1 / 11 Getty Images A small teddy bear is seen tied to a tree outside Alder Hey Children's Hospital on April 24, 2018 in Liverpool
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) President Amit Shah will meet ally Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray with the main agenda of discussions likely to centre around the upcoming presidential election, party officials said here on Thursday.
The meeting will take place at the Thackeray residence, ‘Matoshri' in Bandra east on Sunday during the three-day visit of Shah to Mumbai to celebrate the BJP's three years in power at the Centre under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The meeting assumes significance for the BJP as the Shiv Sena is the most vocal critic of the party, the Prime Minister and also its Maharashtra alliance partner Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis.
In an embarrassment for the ruling BJP, its ally Shiv Sena has virtually joined ranks with the state opposition parties demanding complete loan waiver for farmers and on other major issues confronting the state.
Shah is expected to mollify Thackeray and ensure his support for the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) candidate in the upcoming presidential election.
In fact, even as the Shah-Thackeray ‘summit' was announced on Thursday, the Shiv Sena fired missives at neighbouring Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who is grappling with a farmers' agitation.
The Sena is upset over the Chouhan government's refusal of permission to various opposition parties, including Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi and Gujarat reservations leader Hardik Patel, to meet the families of the victims killed in the recent police firing during the farmers' agitation in Mandsaur.
“This is wrong… If this continues, it could prove damaging for the country's democracy,” the Sena opined in an edit in the party mouthpieces ‘Saamana' and ‘Dopahar Ka Saamana' on Thursday.
The Muslim Rights Concern has kicked against the killing of six Fulanis in Gboko, Benue State, stressing that it is inhuman, barbaric and wicked.
The group in a statement released to the press signed by its director, Prof. Ishaq Akintola, regretted that the media was silence about the murder, yet there voices cried out in high decibels during the unfortunate Benue killings.
The statement stated: “In particular, we are greatly worried that no media house has deemed it fit to give this dastardly act any attention. The radio stations are silent over it. The television stations have ignored it. The print media also do not consider it as newsworthy. Yet these are the same outfits which gave extensive coverage, superfluous broadcast times and exaggerated publicity to the unfortunate Benue killings.
The same media outfits kept mum when 732 Fulanis were massacred in Mambilla. They looked the other way when 82 women and children of Fulani stock were killed in cold blood in Numan. They said nothing when life was brutally snuffed out of 24 Fulanis in Lau. They couldn't be bothered when 96 Fulanis were cut down in Kajuru.”
The group lamented the fact that the Fulani man, woman or child is no longer safe stressing that “heavy doses of ethinic jingoismare being injected into the blood streams of Nigerians on a daily basis”, making the Fulanis to be endangered species.
The group opined that the National Orientation Agency, the Nigerian Police and the press have a lot of roles to play and there is an urgent need for the National orientation Agency to “re-engineer the Nigerian bolekaja mentality” and the police must do everything possible to bring to book perpetrators of this dastardly act and the media as well should be fair in its reportage.
Recall that six Fulani travellers were allegedly burned to death in Gboko, Plateau State, on Wednesday.
A football ⚽️ challenge like you've never seen before.
These two Rohingya refugee children show that what excites us, unites us. #WorldCup pic.twitter.com/ODLESThUhi
— UNICEF (@UNICEF) June 30, 2018
Football has always been a game that celebrates life, love and the spirit of unity. With the FIFA World Cup upon us, this essence of football is being celebrated with all glory and gusto in all corners of the world.Keeping with this World Cup fervor, UNICEF shared a heart- melting video of two young boys at a face off in a friendly football challenge. Munzur Ali and Ismail, currently at a refugee camp in Balukhali, Bangladesh, flaunt their marvellous football skills and talk about their favorite football icons.The video which was posted on Twitter is part of a larger campaign around the #LongestGoal challenge by UNICEF. The campaign urges people across the world to post videos of themselves shouting “goal” for as long as possible – in an act of standing up for children who have been uprooted and displaced from their homes. This is to show that love for football transcends boundaries.The video exemplifies the innocent yet resolute nature of children right in the face of adversity.The moment in the video when one of the participants says,"“He's my neighbor and my friend, so I'm happy whoever wins," has got to be the best part!
Facebook on Tuesday provided responses to some questions regarding how it managed user information in advertising and what control users had over such information.
Mr Rob Goldman, Facebook's Vice President, Ads, made the responses in the latest edition of Facebook's Hard Questions, a series that addresses the impact of its products.
“Advertising lets us keep Facebook free, but we are not blind to the challenges this model poses; it requires a steadfast commitment to privacy.
“Our promise is this: we do not tell advertisers who you are or sell your information to anyone.
“We think relevant advertising and privacy are not in conflict, and we are committed to doing both well,” he said.
According to Goldman, advertisers can reach Facebook users through information from use of Facebook, information that an advertiser shares with Facebook and information that websites and apps send to Facebook.
He said that age and gender were used to understand what ads users might be interested in.
Goldman said that Facebook would not share information personally identifying its users.
“One can always see the ‘interests' assigned to one in ad preferences; if one wants, he removes them.''
According to the official, some websites and apps that users visit may use Facebook tools to make their contents and ads more relevant.
“For example, if an online retailer is using Facebook Pixel, it can ask Facebook to show ads to people who looked at a certain style of shoe or put a pair of shoes into their shopping cart.
“If users do not want the data used to show them ads, they can turn it off in ad preferences.
According to Goldman, advertisers' space are sold on Facebook as done in television, radio or newspapers.
“We do not sell user information.
“Data collected on Facebook is to give users a better service. For example, we can show you photos from your closest friends at the top of your News Feed, or show you articles about issues that matter most to you, or suggest groups that you might want to join.
“Data also helps us show you better and more relevant ads, and it lets advertisers reach the right people, including millions of small businesses and non-profits who rely on Facebook everyday to reach people that might be interested in their products or causes.
“You cannot opt out of ads altogether because ads are what keep Facebook free, but you do have different options to control how your data can and cannot be used to show you ads. They are all found in ad preferences,” he said.
Goldman said that digital advertising provided a level playing field for small businesses, and enabled them to reach an audience they never could have.
“You get better ads, advertisers get a tailored audience, and everyone on Facebook gets our firm commitment to privacy,” he said.
AFTER five days of action-packed volleyball, only two teams remained perfect — South Korea and Japan — in the 19th AVC Asian Senior Women's Championship.
Kim Yeon-koung, who didn't see action against New Zealand and Sri Lanka, was deployed in the starting six for the first time when the Koreans swept erstwhile unbeaten Kazakhstan 25-21, 26-24, 25-10 in the final day of the quarterfinals classification round.
The London Olympics Most Valuable Player uncorked 18 points on top of 16 digs and five receptions for South Korea to top Pool E with an clean 3-0 mark.
Hwang Mink-young added 12 markers for the Koreans.
Yang Hyo-jin churned out six points in two sets before she was stretchered out late in the third set after an awkward landing that resulted to minor lower back injury.
Kazakhstan slid to 2-1 record to finish second in Pool E.
On the other hand, Japan brushed off a shaky start to emerge on top of Pool F as it handed Thailand its first defeat in four sets 22-25, 25-20, 25–22, 26-24 Monday at the Alonte Sports Arena in Binan City, Laguna.
It pulled off a complete team effort to deny the Thais.
Last year's Asian Women's Club Championship Most Valuable Player (MVP) Sarina Koga paced the assault for the Japanese delivering 26 points off 23 attacks.
Risa Shinnabe chipped in 16 markers while Mai Okumura tallied 12 points. Erika Araki and Yurie Nabeya added 10 markers apiece.
Chatchu-on Moksri and Ajcharaporn Kongyot combined 39 points for the Thais, who dropped to 2-1 win-loss slate at the end of the second round in Pool F.
With the win, South Korea is set to face No. 4 seed in Pool F Chinese Taipei while Japan will go up against Vietnam in the crossover quarterfinals Tuesday.
Kazakhstan and Thailand will collide with reigning champion China and host Philippines, respectively.
The fairest face of AVC Senior Women's Championship 2017: Where does Mika rank?
“Of course it's regrettable that non-team players are popping up from the united ruling coalition because this is an extremely important reform,” he stated to Uusi Suomi on Monday.
Sampo Terho (BR), the Minister of European Affairs, Culture and Sports, says it is regrettable that the unity of the ruling three-party coalition is beginning to crack in regards to the social, health care and regional government reform.
Susanna Koski (NCP) announced last week she will vote against the massive reform due to what she said are problems in the schedule and contents of the reform. Elina Lepomäki (NCP) declared her intention to vote against the reform bill already in March.
“It's a well-known fact that the margins are small. So, it's unfortunate and regrettable that non-team players have started popping up at a time when you'd need good co-operation to finalise this much-needed reform,” commented Terho.
Petteri Orpo (NCP), the Minister of Finance, has also revealed that the National Coalition is prepared to withdraw its support for the long-discussed social, health care and regional government reform if it deems that the reform fails to meet its key objectives, such as generating cost savings, improving the quality of services and increasing patients' freedom to choose their service providers.
Terho on Monday pointed out that all three ruling parties have laid out clear objectives for the reform.
The Blue Reform, he said, considers it crucial that the reform succeeds in curbing the increase in social and health care costs, improving the quality of services, reducing waiting periods, tearing down red tape and guaranteeing that smaller domestic service providers are not excluded from the market. The reform is currently set to meet these objectives, affirmed Terho.
He declined to comment on whether or not his confidence in the coalition partners has been dented by the departures of Koski and Lepomäki.
“It's now up to every ruling party to prove that they can carry out reforms like this,” he stressed.
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo: Jussi Nukari – Lehtikuva
Source: Uusi Suomi
Aaron Rodgers broke Cowboys fans' hearts with an amazing throw to Jared Cook the last time they met. Hear Rodgers describe how he came up with the play in the huddle. (1:19)
In Dallas Cowboys' history, a number of plays -- good and bad -- are forever etched in memory.
When it comes to the Green Bay Packers, many are of the bad variety, save the Cowboys' playoff wins in the 1990s. There's Bart Starr's touchdown in the Ice Bowl to decide the 1967 NFL Championship. In the divisional round of the 2014 playoffs, Dez Bryant's fourth-down catch was overturned by replay and the Cowboys lost.
Most recently, there's third-and-20.
It happened Jan. 15, 2017, in the divisional round of the playoffs.
You can still see Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers, rolling to his left, flicking a pass downfield to tight end Jared Cook, who somehow got his feet inbounds, for a 35-yard gain to set up Mason Crosby's 51-yard field goal as time expired.
“Oh, I've watched it a few times,” Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said.
Including playoffs, teams were 12 of 212 on plays of third-and-20 or more last season. Less than 6 percent of those plays were converted to first downs, which makes the pain for the Cowboys and the joy for the Packers even greater.
With the Cowboys and Packers playing Sunday for the first time since then, we take a look back at third-and-20, from the players' and coaches' perspective.
The situation: With 12 seconds left in regulation, the Packers face third-and-20 at their 32 after Jeff Heath sacked Rodgers for a 10-yard loss on first down. Overtime seems almost certain.
Rodgers: “A lot went into that play and it's one that you're going to look back on for a long time and feel good about.”
Except it wasn't really even a play.
Packers receiver Randall Cobb: "He gave Jared and Davante [Adams] routes, and then he was running out of time, so he told me and [Trevor Davis] just to run out left. It's not the first time it's happened. It's the first time it's happened in that kind of moment."
Cook: “We knew it was crunch time and this was probably our last play to get into field-goal position. Aaron just kind of gets in the huddle and just pretty much calls up a play out of the air. It was a play we had designed, but he said everybody just ends up on the left side of the field.”
One of the main tenets of the Cowboys' game plan was to keep Rodgers inside the pocket. They were not successful on this play. At the snap, right defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence jumps inside, which allows left tackle David Bakhtiari to push him further inside.
Cowboys defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli: “We have what we call a ‘shark' on him. It would've helped if [Lawrence is] there but we had a ‘shark' [linebacker Justin Durant] and they did a great job of pulling a lineman on the sprint out. They adjusted because we were having some success with that package. When he extends a play laterally, it's hard.”
Aaron Rodgers rolled left and alluded the Cowboys' defense before throwing a strike down sideline. William Glasheen/The Post-Crescant/USA TODAY Sports
Through the course of the season, the Cowboys' defense had faced third-and-20 or more only two other times. They allowed a dump pass to Cincinnati on third-and-27 in Week 5 and a run on third-and-21 against Philadelphia in Week 17. Both led to punts.
Using their "Deacon" package with three defensive linemen, Durant works as a spy on the quarterback. As soon as Rodgers spins to his left, Durant charges up the field with left guard Lane Taylor between him and Rodgers.
Rodgers: “The fact that Lane Taylor did his job so well gave me a little extra time.”
Cowboys linebacker Justin Durant: “It was a great design on the play. They knew probably what we were going to do because we've been having success with that for a few snaps. They rolled them out. I was like, ‘I've got to try to get around him to make a play.' I tried. I just saw a step slow. I couldn't get to him in time.”
Packers guard Lane Taylor: Once he rolled out left, I was like, ‘All right, it's just me out here.' Then I was like, ‘Here comes the linebacker. Oh crap, here we go, I've got to make this block, that's for sure.' I was able to basketball him, stay in front of him, and then right at the end I was just nervous about going over the line [of scrimmage] so I gave him one last shove and Aaron dropped a dime.”
Jared Cook's improbable catch on 3rd and 20 set up the Packers winning field goal and ended the Cowboys' season. Kevin Jairaj/USA TODAY Sports
As Rodgers rolls left, Cowboys linebacker Sean Lee passes Cook underneath to safety Byron Jones, with receiver Randall Cobb running the same route but a little deeper. Adams, who was the single receiver to Rodgers' left, runs straight up the field while covered by cornerback Brandon Carr.
Jones hesitates ever so briefly as Rodgers rolls to the left. He throws it off the wrong foot from the Packers 29, but the pass is almost effortless. Cook is with Jones at the time of the throw, but five yards deeper.
Rodgers: “I think I've made more difficult throws as far as body angles and speed on the roll and prettier throws. That was accurate, but it didn't get there the prettiest way, spiral-wise.”
Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott: “No way. No way he caught the ball and no way Aaron Rodgers made that play.”
Cowboys safety Jeff Heath: “It was just like you can't believe he made the throw. I think the throw was probably the most impressive part. Rolling to his left, he's a right-handed quarterback and throwing all the way across his body and in a really tight window.”
Cook: “I'm running my route and I'm getting depth and the defense is kind of in a prevention, guard the sidelines, guard deep, don't let them get too deep. I see there's a guy in the underneath coverage and there's room for Aaron to fit the ball in between, but I had to wait. I was like, if I get on the other side of this guy, he's probably going to throw it. He pumps it and the guy underneath sat, and Aaron kept working to the sideline, so I kept working with him and he just rips it right down the sideline perfectly.”
Jones: “Disbelief the way he threw it, how he threw it, how long he held on to the ball. And just the catch and throw, you don't see that often. That's just a great player making a big-time play. ... I didn't know [Cook] was there.”
At first, there is confusion as to whether Cook is in bounds. Almost in unison, the Cowboys' sideline waves off the reception. One official is about to signal an incomplete pass, but side judge Rob Vernatchi emphatically declares it a catch.
After further review, the call is confirmed.
Nelson: “You look up and all their sideline is saying incomplete, and then they said it was a catch and you still don't know until it goes through replay. Even if we watched it today, it's still crazy to see that it actually worked. For him to run all the way across the field like that, for Aaron to put the ball on the spot and for him to be able to stop and still catch it, there's so much that goes on and to be able to set it up and then obviously finish it off with a field goal, it's one for the ages, I guess.”
Carr: “As soon as he caught it [I knew]. Immediately. I was about 10 yards away from it. It was a good catch and throw. He put it on the money.”
Cobb: “I couldn't tell from my angle, but I saw that the ref called it a catch, so it was a catch.”
Cowboys defensive end Tyrone Crawford: “Definitely thought he was out of bounds. I mean, it was an amazing catch, obviously, because the guy kept his feet in bounds, but it was definitely heartbreaking to find out his feet were still in.”
Mason Crosby reacts after hitting the game-winning kick against the Cowboys. Matthew Emmons/USA TODAY Sports
With three seconds left, Crosby kicks a 51-yard field goal to win the game and send the Packers to the NFC Championship Game and end the Cowboys' season.
Cook: “I just try to hold on for as long as I can before I hit the ground so they know it's a catch. The rest is history, baby.”
Carr: “We felt like we had the team. That was our year to make our run and do our thing. That was the biggest letdown that I felt in my career thus far. I knew we had everything we needed to do what we had to do.”
NFL Nation reporters Jamison Hensley and Paul Gutierrez contributed to this story.
AP
Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliot will appeal his six-game suspension. When he does, the NFL's next step becomes a critical one.
Commissioner Roger Goodell will have to decide whether to personally handle the appeal, whether to designate it to a league employee, whether to assign it to an “independent” person deemed friendly to league interests, or whether to hand the baton to a truly independent arbitrator.
That decision will have a significant impact on the outcome. If the Commissioner handles the appeal of the decision the Commissioner already made, it's hard to imagine him changing his mind. Indeed, in recent years the language characterizing the appeal process has subtly morphed from ensuring the initial decision was correct to giving the player one last chance to introduce new evidence that would possibly change Goodell's mind.
That's not how appeals should work. And the fact that the Commissioner already made the decision to suspend Elliott six games could make it easier for Elliott, the NFL Players Association, and/or Cowboys owner Jerry Jones to argue that Goodell should designate a truly independent arbitrator to take a fresh look at the case and to determine whether Goodell got it right.
If Jones is truly furious over the suspension, he could best channel that fury by pressuring Goodell to let someone who hasn't already formed an opinion on the case — and someone who will feel no express or implied compulsion to rubber stamp the Commissioner's decision — to handle the appeal. And there's good reason for Jones to push for true independence; the last two times Goodell delegated an appeal to a truly independent arbitrator (Ray Rice in 2014, Saints bounty scandal in 2012), the arbitrator scrapped the suspensions.
However it plays out, the identification of the arbitrator isn't just the next step in the process, but arguably the most important.
After some three years raising money to fix the faded Mare Island Naval Shipyard Logo, Tom Watson said he's thrilled that the City of Vallejo has taken the project on as part of the E.D. Wichels Causeway Bridge-Painting Project.
“The city went out to bid for restoration and maintenance of the bridge, and the Navy has set aside money for this, and they include the restoration of the logo as part of the bid,” he said. “They've asked me to donate whatever we've raised to help defray the costs, and that's fine with me.”
Watson and his group of other former shipyard workers raised some $10,000 for this purpose since 2013, but $5,000 of that — a grant from Island Energy — was rescinded when the project took so long.
“But, I told the city I'd give them whatever we have left if we can get recognition for our efforts,” he said.
The logo's on two 10-foot, 300-pound pieces of metal, perched atop the Mare Island Causeway, Watson said.
Watson and his group that undertook the mission of restoring the sign said it is motivated by the desire to not allow the island and its workers' place in history to be forgotten.
Watson and the others see the logo as a reminder of Mare Island's enormous contribution to the country's Naval heritage, and are unwilling to allow it to fade away completely if they can help it.
The story of the Vallejo Naval Shipyard is the story of America's, as the Mare Island Fire Department, created in 1854, unionized in 1955, and that organization — f-48 — was the first federal local under the International Association of Federal Firefighters in California. It dissolved in September of 1999 with the formal transfer of the fire fighting service to the city of Vallejo, according to the effort's website.
The shipyard also figures prominently in the story of the country's Civil Rights Movement, with the tale of the Mare Island Original 21ers — 21 African American shipyard workers who filed a racial discrimination complaint with President Kennedy's newly created Committee on Equal Job Opportunities, in November of 1962. Their efforts lead to sweeping changes in the United States military.
“That's the whole purpose of it,” Watson said. “To remind people that it was the federal employees that made Mare Island so great.”
Advertisement
It's for these and other reasons, that Watson says it's important to restore the logo that alerts visitors and passers by that Mare Island has a place in the living history of the city of Vallejo, the region and the country.
After all the research Watson has done on how to best restore the horse-head logo, it was determined that a swing stage platform, over the tower, is the best and safest solution, he said. If for any reason the city has a problem getting that part of the project done, he and his group said they'd like permission to use the platform, and they'd hire someone themselves to get it done. Assistant Public Works Director Fiona Strykers said that would create an unacceptable risk for the city.
“We can't just let volunteers work in these types of conditions,” she said. “It's a liability to the city. But, we did incorporate it into the bridge painting project.”
The bid request the city sent out asks for a firm that can “Evaluate the existing bridge and complete appropriate maintenance repairs in order to extend the serviceable life of the bridge and improve pedestrian and driver safety.”
The repairs are said to include “bridge deck and pile repairs, sidewalk replacement and ADA improvements, lighting and handrail repairs, and repainting the bridge's steel lift span, towers, and historic logo...” among other things.
The project's budget is estimated at $5.65 million and is expected to be designed by this winter.
“It's presently in the design phase and we expect it to be done by Spring of 2019,” Strykers said.
That works just fine for Watson and his group, he said.
“As long as they get it done, that's all we care about,” Watson said.
Contact Rachel Raskin-Zrihen at (707) 553-6824.
AFP, BOSTON
Isaiah Thomas played with a heavy heart on Sunday, scoring 33 points in a 106-102 NBA playoff loss to the Chicago Bulls just one day after his younger sister was killed in a car crash.
Thomas took to the court on an emotional night at the TD Garden, despite the death of 22-year-old Chyna Thomas, whom he honored by penciling her name on his green sneakers and adding “RIP Lil Sis.”
There was a moment of silence after the grieving Thomas led his teammates onto the floor and just before the playing of the US national anthem.
“He was incredible. He's an amazing player and an amazing person,” Boston Celtics coach Brad Stevens said. “The days won't get easier for him, but he somehow plays like that.”
Thomas received a heart-warming standing ovation from the home crowd.
He led the Celtics with 33 points, hitting a layup with seven seconds left to cut Chicago's lead to 104-102 in the opening game of their first-round playoff series, but Chicago's Jimmy Butler dribbled off a few seconds and sealed the victory with two free throws with just three seconds on the clock.
Butler finished with 30 points.
“We were so locked in all week,” said Butler, who also pulled down nine rebounds as the Bulls capitalized on their size advantage and controlled the inside. “We knew their stuff just like they knew ours, but we executed extremely well.”
Police said Chyna Thomas died at the scene of the accident at about 5am on Saturday in Federal Way, Washington, 35km south of Seattle.
Witnesses told authorities that her car drifted off the side of the road into a concrete barrier before slamming into a metal post head-on.
Isaiah Thomas was instrumental in Boston's emergence as the top seeds in the Eastern Conference playoffs.
“This was difficult,” Celtics center Al Horford said. “I felt like our guys really dealt with it the right way, but Isaiah is the one who I feel dealt with it the best.”
ANKARA: Turkey and the United States agreed on a three-step plan for withdrawing the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia from Syria's Manbij, Turkey's state-run Anadolu news agency said on Wednesday.
The report comes as differences over Syria policy and Washington's decision in December to move its embassy in Israel to Jerusalem have strained ties between the NATO allies.
Advertisement
Turkey is outraged by U.S. support for the YPG militia, considering them a terrorist organisation. Ankara has threatened to push its offensive in northern Syria's Afrin region further east to Manbij.
Manbij is a potential flashpoint. The Syrian government, Kurdish militants, Syrian rebel groups, Turkey, and the United States all have a military presence in northern Syria.
On Wednesday, Anadolu said Ankara and Washington had reached a technical agreement on a three-step plan for the withdrawal of the YPG from Manbij, a move Turkey has long sought from the United States.
Under the terms of the plan to be finalised during a visit by Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu to Washington on June 4, the YPG will withdraw from Manbij 30 days after the deal is signed, Anadolu said, quoting sources who attended meetings at which the decisions were made.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Turkish and U.S. military forces will start joint supervision in Manbij 45 days after the agreement is signed and a local administration will be formed 60 days after June 4, Anadolu said.
Earlier on Wednesday, Cavusoglu told broadcaster AHaber that a timetable for the Manbij plans could be set during talks with U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in Washington, and that it could be implemented before the end of the summer.
Cavusoglu was also quoted by media on his return flight from Germany saying that, if finalised, the plan for Manbij could be applied throughout northern Syria.
However, a local Manbij official later told Reuters that Cavusoglu's assertions that U.S. and Turkish forces would temporarily control the region were "premature" and lacked credibility.
Relations between Ankara and Washington have hit a low-point due to factors such as the sentencing this month in New York of a former Turkish state bank executive to 32 months in prison for taking part in an Iran sanctions-busting scheme, a case Turkey has called a political attack.
DEFENCE PROCUREMENT
Turkey has also caused unease in Washington with its decision to buy S-400 surface-to-air missiles from Russia and drew criticism over its detention of a U.S. Christian pastor, Andrew Brunson, on terrorism charges.
Brunson faces up to 35 years in prison on charges of links to the network Ankara blames for a 2016 coup attempt. The pastor denied the charges in a Turkish court this month.
A U.S. Senate committee last week passed its version of a US$716 billion defence policy bill, including a measure to prevent Turkey from buying Lockheed Martin F-35 jets, citing Brunson and the Russian missile deal.
Cavusoglu, however, said that if the United States blocked Turkey from buying the jets, Ankara would go elsewhere to meet its needs, adding that it was unlikely Washington would be able to back out of the deal.
Turkey has plans to buy more than 100 of the F-35 jets and the Pentagon last year awarded Lockheed US$3.7 billion in an interim payment for the production of 50 of the aircraft earmarked for non-U.S. customers, including Ankara.
(Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
By Khaleda Rahman For Mailonline and Ap
Published: 13:52 EDT, 4 July 2018 | Updated: 14:00 EDT, 4 July 2018
Thai officials are preparing to decide which of the boys trapped in a flooded cave will swim for their lives - and which will stay behind.
Chiang Rai provincial governor Narongsak Osatanakorn, who is overseeing the rescue of the youth football team and their coach, has said that 'all 13 may not come out at the same time.'
He said authorities will evaluate their readiness each day and if there is any risk will not proceed.
'If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, he can come out,' he added.
Earlier, the boys, aged 11 to 16, said they are healthy in a newly released video.
Scroll down for video
Thai officials are preparing to decide which of the boys trapped in a flooded cave will swim for their lives - and which will stay behind. Pictured, the boys
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai Navy Seals in the dark cave with their visibly skinny faces illuminated by the beam of a flashlight.
The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video, lasting about a minute, was recorded some time on Tuesday and was posted on the Navy Seal Facebook page on Wednesday morning.
The boys and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a football game on June 23.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai Navy Seals in the dark cave with their visibly skinny faces illuminated by the beam of a flashlight
Rescue workers are seen by the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province
The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late on Monday night.
A desperate search for them drew assistance from experts around the globe, including British divers Rick Stanton and John Volanthen, who were the first rescuers to reach the group.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown on Tuesday in a video shot by the British divers, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai Navy Seals, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave.
They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In both of the videos, the boys have appeared in good spirits.
A desperate search for them drew assistance from experts around the globe
Workers bring supplies for the trapped boys, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave
Seal commander Rear Admiral Arpakorn Yookongkaew said there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they are safe where they are.
The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing, some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route through which their rescuers entered.
Emergency crews responded to a call of a suspicious package near Fort DeRussy Tuesday afternoon.
Two plastic gallon bags with the message “For FBI” written on them were found near the Daniel K. Inouye Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies.
Army explosive experts were called in to assess the situation.
“Because of our proximity here in the middle of Waikiki, there have been unidentified packages accidentally left here before,” said Mary Markovinovic, the center's public affairs chief. “But we do have protocols in place and we're very grateful to military police, the Honolulu fire and police departments for responding as quickly as they do.”
After a thorough inspection, the packages were deemed safe.
No one was hurt and no evacuations were issued.
The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in, Charles Weber, who did not immediately respond to phone messages. No one answered the door at his office Monday.
People gathered in Charlottesville, Virginia to remember Heather Heyer, the woman killed when a car rammed into a group of demonstrators on Saturday. (Aug. 14)
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, he answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “Yes, sir” when asked if he understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied “No, sir” when asked if he had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race, his former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday.
Keegan McGrath, 18, who said he was roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015, said Fields referred to Germany as “the Fatherland,” had no interest in being in France, and refused to interact with the French.
“He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us,” McGrath told the AP on Monday.
McGrath challenged Fields on his beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. He said he went home after three or four days because he said he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
“He was just a normal dude” most of the time, although he occasionally made “dark” jokes that put his class on edge, including one “off-hand joke” about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said that Fields wasn't ostracized and doesn't believe Fields deserves sympathy.
“He had friends, he had people who would chat with him, it wasn't like he was an outcast.”
Weimer described Fields as an “average” student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany.
“Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy,” Weimer said. “It would start to creep out.”
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Weimer said.
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the “take America back” campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be “bigger than Charlottesville.”
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, he said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army. Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided him through the process of applying, he said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel his white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army.
Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015, but was released from active duty four months later “due to a failure to meet training standards.”
___
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events.
Former KGB officer Vladimir Putin, the longest serving leader of Russia since Joseph Stalin, has surpassed his own performance. He cruised to victory in Russia's presidential election on Sunday with his best ever showing, winning more than 76 percent of the vote, more than the 65, 71 and 52 percent polled in the last three elections since 2000, when he first came to power.
This could either mean an improvement in his electability, which in Russia really means very hard power indeed, or that Russians are pining for the days of yore, when the Soviet Union was a power to contend with, which is also the bedrock of Putin's public messaging. According to new constitutional limits that increased the presidential term from four years to six, Putin will stay in power until 2024, when he will turn 72.
But even as Putin celebrates his win, there is likely to be a twinge of envy at the performance of his counterpart in Beijing, Xi Jinping, who has been confirmed by the National People's Congress for continuance with no term limits, which means that he will be in office long after Putin presumably packs his bags. However, even more enviable is the fact that President Xi has been able to retain his core loyalists, which includes Wang Qishan as vice-president and Li Keqiang as prime minister. A battery of loyalists also man important posts in the military commission and the judiciary. In contrast, Putin is confronted with inter-factional fights within his own Kremlin elite.
The elections in Russia and China following so close to one another underlines the fact that an area spanning across 16 time zones, and including some 52,000 kilometres of coastline and 45,000 sq.km. of land borders is dominated for the forseeable future — given that Putin could stage a comeback despite the age barrier in 2024 — by virtual despots, both of whom are sworn to expand the global positions of their respective countries.
While China may be ahead of the game in terms of sheer economic power, Russia is sworn to get there. At his State of the Federation speech earlier this month, Putin had said, "The main threat, and in fact our main enemy, is that we are falling behind," and vowed to increase Russia's per capita GDP by at least 50 percent.
His emphasis, much like his Chinese counterpart's, was on improving connectivity, within Russia and outside. Improving the railway network, ports and roads were all tick-boxed, and the assistance from Chinese "friends" emphasised. Recent research from Aid Data indicates that the largest recipient of China's official finance, which includes minimal aid and maximum loans and export credits, is Russia.
An important part of China's 'Belt and Road' initiative (BRI) includes passage through Russia to Europe, including the UK. It's no accident therefore that Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov was urging India to join the initiative in late 2017. Moscow's own initial opposition to it in favour of its own Eurasian Economic Union seems to have been forgotten for the moment.
However as analysts point out, the actual benefits of the BRI on the ground have proved elusive, given Russia's difficulties in bankrolling its infrastructure and the political difficulties involved in reforming key industries. For China-Russia investment cooperation to improve, the latter has to grow much faster than it is doing currently, and become a more equal partner. Putin is aware of that, and that's why the stress on the economy.
Failing a huge economic surge — which doesn't seem likely for the immediate future — Putin rather predictably focused on the might of the Russian Armed Forces, particularly its nuclear forces. Apart from tabulating the 80 new inter-continental ballistic missiles said to have been handed over and 102 submarine launched missiles, the president also hinted at new top-of-the-class weapons that were aimed at defeating the United States anti-ballistic missile (ABM) effort. This included a new 'Sarmat' missile which is supposedly able to manoeuvre within such systems, a very long range stealth missile, and unmanned long-range submarines. The thrust of the speech was that despite the best efforts of its enemies, Russia was once again a world leader in weaponry. That's not the most stabilising thrust in the world.
China is also similarly steadily improving its nuclear weapons, and no, its modernisation is not aimed solely at the US. Chinese leaders' comments indicate, not unreasonably, that their missile systems will also take Russia into their calculus. Chinese emphasis is on mobility of its missiles and like Russia, on evasion capabilities against ABM systems. Unlike Russia, however, China expects US intervention, primarily from the sea and through sea-based interdiction. Chinese plans to counter that are camouflaged under the maritime 'Belt and Road' initiative.
A report from June 2017 indicates a threefold role for China in countries that stretch across this projected maritime Silk Road. Building infrastructure in designated ports along the Indian Ocean through Chinese firms, increase Chinese merchant shipping and deploying naval power outwards, cloaked in the language of disaster management and safe navigation. While Russian reassertion of power had taken it as far as Syria and Ukraine, China is going global in more ways than one.
Its curious that both countries have moved towards a more centralised and autocratic power structure, after a period a decade ago, when there seemed to be a promise of opening up to the world. Putin's passage to power was assisted by his tough approach to Chechen terrorism and his navigating his way through multiple threats to his country. Time magazine declared him 'Person of the Year' in 2007, and for a while he was seen as a positive factor in a dangerously unstable Russia.
All that changed with his policies in Ukraine and the Crimea, and later the Russian role in Syria. Moscow again got a warm water port debouching into Europe, and further consolidation through Tartus in Syria. Russians got a leader who showcased Russian power, and Putin retained his throne. Mission successful for the most part.
A thoughtful essay traces China's own slide back into conservatism, and the triumph of the CCP ( Chinese Communist Party) in its return to the centrefold of governance and public life. The rise of Xi Jinping has only emphasised that slide, and through the recent election, cemented an over-concentration of power. China is yet to "do a Crimea", but it moves along this path. As long as President Xi and his country, both of whom are now being virtually intertwined, are stable, that may not happen. If the pendulum swings in the other direction, however, it might — particularly in areas that Beijing claims for itself.
This is the way autocrats work. And there's rather an excess of autocracy around at the moment. And not just in Russia and China.
ABIDJAN: Ivory Coast will pay thousands of soldiers 15 million CFA francs (£19,264) each as part of buy-outs aimed at reducing the size of its unruly and mutiny-prone military, documents showed on Monday.
Africa's fastest growing economy in 2016, Ivory Coast was hit earlier this year by successive uprisings by low-ranking troops. The costly bonuses paid to end the unrest helped balloon the budget deficit this year, and the episode tarnished its image as one of the continent's rising economic stars.
The government said last week that it would retire around 1,000 soldiers by the end of the year as part of efforts to bring the force - estimated at about 25,000 troops - in line with "accepted standards".
A spokesman did not say last week how much the soldiers would receive under the voluntary scheme. However, a document obtained by Reuters outlining the plan stated that each retired soldier would receive a payment of 15 million CFA francs.
Neither the spokesman nor Ivory Coast's defence minister were available to comment on Monday.
Diplomats said the move signalled that the government was beginning to implement a military reform law. According to a copy of the law seen by Reuters, 4,400 troops are to leave the army over four years.
Advertisement
Advertisement
It was not immediately clear if that figure includes soldiers already scheduled to retire during the period.
Ivory Coast's army was thrown together from rival loyalist and rebel factions at the end of a 2011 civil war that brought President Alassane Ouattara to power after his predecessor Laurent Gbagbo rejected his defeat in a 2010 run-off election.
It remains plagued by internal divisions. Diplomats and analysts say the force is bloated with unqualified personnel and vulnerable to political manipulation.
An adviser to Parliament Speaker Guillaume Soro, considered a leading candidate to replace term-limited President Ouattara in 2020, was arrested in October after a secret arms cache at his home helped to mutiny soldiers halt a loyalist advance.
Soro and his supporters say the charges were politically motivated.
(Reporting by Joe Bavier; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
By Iddi Yire, GNA
Accra, July 4, GNA – Dr Christine Evans-Klock, the United Nations Resident Coordinator in Ghana, has unveiled an action project dubbed “Improving Response Capacities to Terrorism in Peacekeeping Theatres in Africa.”
The half a million dollar project seeks to improve the technical skills of African peacekeepers in protecting themselves against attacks through research and training, focusing on Police/Troop Contributing Countries (P/TCC) – Ghana, Togo, Burkina Faso, Senegal, Nigeria, Niger, Guinea and Mali.
The one-year project is being implemented by the Kofi Annan International Peacekeeping Training Centre (KAIPTC) with the support of the UNDP and in partnership with the Government of Japan.
There is an observable rise in the number of peacekeepers killed by terrorists in Mali since 2013.
According to the UN, 146 peacekeepers had been killed by terror attacks in Mali alone since 2013, raising questions about the levels of preparedness of African peacekeepers for terrorism prevention.
An area that the P/TCC would focus its attention on is to review their respective pre-deployment training packages for their peacekeepers to ensure that appropriate training on terrorism prevention was given to peacekeepers prior to deployment.
Dr Evans-Klock said the project aimed at improving the capability of UN peacekeepers on how to carry out their critical responsibilities under the growing threats of terrorism and how best to protect themselves in hostile areas.
She said the project would use research findings on the causes of increasing casualties to design effective pre-deployment training, integrating how peacekeepers could protect themselves against targeted attacks into their training curriculum.
She recounted that the UN in partnership with Japan developed a toolkit, which was launched in April, for local communities to use to ward off extremism.
She said the purpose of the toolkit was to enable civil society groups at the local level share information about innovative practices they had developed to tackle extremism.
Madam Gita Welch, UNDP Country Director, acknowledged the Government of Japan's critical role in strengthening peace and security and particularly to address terrorism in West Africa and said the project was a priority for the UNDP as they recognised the inextricable nexus between peace and development.
“We realise that the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development cannot be achieved without peace. Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 16 explicitly commits UN member states to build peaceful, just and inclusive societies by addressing factors which give rise to violence and insecurity,” Madam Welch stated.
“As a global challenge, terrorism is arguably the greatest security threat to our collective effort toward sustainable human development. If not addressed, it will reverse Africa's development gains for decades to come,” she added.
Air Vice Marshal Griffith S. Evans, the Commandant, KAIPTC, said as a Centre the trust of their mandate was to support regional efforts in capacity development in the peace and security sector through training, research and education.
He said international peacekeeping remains the most potent tool often used by the UN in to manage conflicts around the world.
Mr John Pokoo, the Head of Conflict Management Programme, Faculty of Academic Affairs and Research, KAIPTC, said the project would produce a scoping study report on terrorism-related training gaps for P/TCCs participating in it.
He said it would also produce a guide for developing/strengthening counter-terrorism component of the pre-deployment training of peacekeepers by the participating P/TCCs.
He said under the project, they would train up to 100 personnel from the training units of the participating P/TCCs towards refining their respective training content for peacekeepers.
In attendance at the project launch was the Japanese Ambassador to Ghana, Mr Tsutomu Himeno.
GNA
BRITS are shunning top traditional holiday destinations like Majorca, Benidorm and Tenerife this summer – and you won't believe why.
GETTY
More than two thirds of Brits are turning their backs on the time-tested vacation hotspots that have been popular among tourists for years. A study has revealed Brits are refusing to travel to the destinations because other Brits are too rowdy. More than half of the holidaymakers asked why they're shunning the hotspots slammed other Brit tourists for drinking too much. Sun-lovers are no longer wanting to flock to beloved traditional Brit holiday destinations, with Benidorm topping the list of spots perceived as having too many British tourists.
GETTY BOOZY: Brits have shunned holiday hotspots because of drinking cultures
The shocking news comes as bosses at holiday destinations crackdown on boozy Brit tourists. Last month, Magaluf council chiefs upped the ante against badly-behaved Brits with street signs warning them of heavy fines for street drinking, nakedness and fighting. The brightly-coloured signs stating “Have fun with respect” have been mounted on lamp-posts and other visible spots in the party resort. Tourism bosses have put up 15 of the signs in Magaluf's party strip Punta Ballena alone.
Magaluf 2017: Was it the messiest summer EVER? Brits flocked once again to the infamous Punta Ballena in Magaluf for boozy nights and raucous antics this summer. Was it the messiest summer ever at the notorious party resort? From what people are posting on Instagram, it certainly looked like it! 1 / 49 Instagram
SOLARPIX CRACKDOWN: Maga locals are desperate to change the reputation of the resort
One warns: “Drink on the street. Penalty 500 euros.” Another says: “Wear no clothes on the street. Penalty 400 euros.” and a third “Shout, fight, or bother people. Penalty 400 euros.” The signs are part of the latest campaign to stamp out boozy tourists' antics in the Brit holiday hotspot.
‘The Inbetweeners' Magaluf booze cruise gets cheeky ad banned The booze cruise featured on The Inbetweeners has advert banned for ‘linking drinking to sexual success' 1 / 8 sunsetboozecruisemagaluf The booze cruise attracts some seriously sexy women
Magaluf has been trying to clean up its image with the local council rolling out a list of 64 banned activities. These included nudity, drinking alcohol in public spaces and even climbing trees. Locals have been involved in huge protests encouraging the clampdown.
SINGAPORE: A 23-year-old man was caught on Sunday (May 27) for smuggling a live bird he had hid in a potato chips tube.
The Malaysian national, who had placed the container in the glove compartment of the car he was driving, was caught at Woodlands Checkpoint, the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) said in a Facebook post on Wednesday.
Advertisement
The man has been referred to the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore (AVA) and the bird is under AVA's care, ICA said.
Smuggling animals with unknown health statuses may introduce exotic diseases such as avian influenza, ICA said. Those who import animals and live birds without a licence may be fined for up to S$10,000 and/or jailed for up to a year under the Animals and Birds Act.
"Our borders are our first line of defence in safeguarding Singapore's security," ICA said.
"The ICA will continue to conduct security checks on passengers and vehicles at the checkpoints to prevent attempts to smuggle in undesirable persons, drugs, weapons, explosives and other contrabands," it added.
Advertisement
Fiction about the climate is ancient. After all, nothing lends itself to mythology like the swell and ebb of a river, a drought that kills the crops, a great flood that washes the land clean. But fiction about man-made climate change is newish, gaining attention as its own genre only in the last few years. I first heard the term “cli-fi” after the 2011 publication of my first novel, America Pacifica, in which an ice age destroys North America. At that time, the label, coined by the writer Dan Bloom, seemed obscure; today it is almost mainstream.
In my own writing, I thought of the end of the world as a crucible for my characters: What quicker way to make ordinary people into heroes and villains than to turn the weather against them and destroy everything they know?
Now the changes I once imagined are upon us. 2016 was the hottest year on record. Before that, it was 2015; before that, 2014. This year, 16 states had their hottest February on record, according to Climate Central. Arctic sea ice hit record lows this winter. Permafrost in Russia and Alaska is thawing, creating sinkholes that can swallow caribou. Meanwhile, President Trump has announced the United States will withdraw from the Paris agreement and intends to slash federal funding for climate research. Art that once felt like speculation seems more realistic every day.
Writing and movies about the apocalypse used to seem like exciting breaks from real life. As a writer, a dystopian setting was in part a way to avoid the mundane, to explore situations, problems and ideas outside the scope of everyday life. As a reader, I was both thrilled and disturbed by a world I barely recognized in Cormac McCarthy's The Road, a story that felt entirely new. When I saw Danny Boyle's film Sunshine, I watched in rapture—how beautiful, the Sydney Opera House surrounded by snow.
A short cli-fi reading list would include Margaret Atwood's "MaddAddam Trilogy" (Oryx and Crake, The Year of the Flood and MaddAddam), which is about genetic engineering gone mad in a time of environmental upheaval; Paolo Bacigalupi's The Water Knife, a thriller that centers on water rights in Phoenix; Claire Vaye Watkins's Gold Fame Citrus, a tale of refugees from a drought-parched California that feels all too familiar given recent weather patterns; plus Marcel Theroux's Far North, Barbara Kingsolver's Flight Behavior and Kim Stanley Robinson's New York 2140. For a film complement, watch Sunshine (about a dying sun, not carbon emissions, but similar in look and tone to other cli-fi stories), The Day After Tomorrow or the brilliant Mad Max: Fury Road, about a wasted desert ruled by the ruthless and physically decaying Immortan Joe, who controls all the water.
As a term, cli-fi is a little narrow for my taste, because some of the most interesting climate writing I know isn't fiction. One of the most moving responses to our climate crisis is Zadie Smith's essay “Elegy for a Country's Seasons,” in which she enumerates the small pleasures already lost as climate change transfigures English weather: “Forcing the spike of an unlit firework into the cold, dry ground. Admiring the frost on the holly berries, en route to school. Taking a long, restorative walk on Boxing Day in the winter glare. Whole football pitches crunching underfoot.”
More fiery in its approach is the Dark Mountain manifesto, published in 2009 by two English writers, Paul Kingsnorth and Dougald Hine, which describes climate change as just one of many pernicious effects of a cross-cultural belief in human supremacy and technological progress. The antidote, for Kingsnorth and Hine, is “uncivilization,” a way of thinking and living that privileges the wild over the urban and situates humans “as one strand of a web rather than as the first palanquin in a glorious procession.” The best way to spread this perspective, they argue, is through art, specifically writing that “sets out to tug our attention away from ourselves and turn it outwards; to uncentre our minds.”
Kingsnorth and Hine mention the 20th-century poet Robinson Jeffers as a prime example of this kind of writing. Early in his career, the poet “was respected for the alternative he offered to the Modernist juggernaut,” they write. But it's a Modernist poet I think of when trying to trace the roots of climate fiction, or at least my relationship with the genre: T.S. Eliot.
Eliot's seminal poem “The Waste Land” anticipates human-caused climate change, especially in the final section that draws on the legend of the Fisher King, his lands laid waste by his impotence. It's here we get “rock and no water and the sandy road,” the “dead mountain mouth of carious teeth that cannot spit,” the “dry sterile thunder without rain.” Eliot was not worrying about climate change—England's climate was not yet changing noticeably in 1922 when the poem was published. But humans are not so different now from a hundred years ago. Drought has always brought despair, and thunder fear, and unusual weather a creeping sense that the world is out of joint. “The Waste Land” just seems more literal now.
Now that Eliot's “dead mountain mouth” reads like a description of last year in California, and his “bats with baby faces in the violet light” feel like they might be right around the corner, is climate fiction going to rouse humans to action?
J. K. Ullrich in The Atlantic cites a study showing that people felt more concerned about climate change and more motivated to do something about it after watching the climate disaster movie The Day After Tomorrow. But fiction is, at best, an inefficient means of instigating political action—will the desiccated Los Angeles of Gold Fame Citrus, for instance, spur readers to conserve water, or just make them pour themselves a tall, cool glass before it's all gone? Will the weird, lonely land of Oryx and Crake, full of genetically engineered animals and children, and almost devoid of ordinary humans, encourage support for renewable resources or only make readers lie down in despair? And will those most skeptical of climate change ever pick up a volume of climate fiction in the first place?
The primary function of climate fiction is not to convince us to do something about climate change—that remains a job primarily for activists, scientists and politicians. Rather, fiction can help us learn how to live in a world increasingly altered by our actions—and to imagine new ways of living that might reduce the harm we do. In Gold Fame Citrus, the dune sea essentially creates its own culture, its mysterious pull (whether physical, metaphysical or merely psychological is not entirely clear) collecting a band of outcasts with a charismatic leader who makes of desert life a kind of new religion. In Mad Max: Fury Road, a handful of female rebels, led by the heroic Imperator Furiosa, kill Immortan Joe and take over his water supply.
Neither is exactly a hopeful story. Levi Zabriskie, the desert cult leader in Gold Fame Citrus, is a liar and a manipulator, and the fate of his followers remains uncertain at the end of the novel. The conclusion of Fury Road is more triumphant, but even the benevolent Furiosa will have to rule over a blasted country, where her fabled “green place” has become a dark mudscape traversed by creepy beings on stilts. What the best of climate fiction offers is not reassurance but examples, stories of people continuing to live once life as we know it is over. Post-apocalyptic fiction takes place, by definition, after the worst has already happened; the apocalypse is the beginning, not the end, of the story.
There's still time, I hope, to avert the worst of climate fiction's nightmares. But even if we don't find ourselves lost in the sand dunes in our lifetimes, we will surely need to rethink the way we live, perhaps radically so. I don't know if I agree with Kingsnorth and Hine that we will have to become “uncivilized.” But we will have to change what civilization means. Some of these changes may be painful. Many will feel strange. As we make them, it is useful to be told that humans could live on a sand dune, in a wasteland, in a spaceship aimed at the sun. It might behoove us to make some modifications now, before we are forced into much more drastic transformations.
I wrote America Pacifica because I wanted to imagine a time when humans would be morally tested, when dire circumstances would make heroes or villains of us all. Now that time has come: We are being tested, every day. I, along with many readers, look to fiction to find ways we might pass that test.
It's been two years and Patricia Jackson still doesn't know who killed her son inside his Oklahoma City townhome.
42-year old Joseph Jackson was found around 5:30 AM, inside his garage, at the Rockwell Gardens Townhomes.
Police said Jackson was fatally shot and a shell casing was found near his body.
“Sometimes I wake up, tears coming down out of my eyes and I don't know...I don't even remember crying,” says Patricia Jackson. “When I got that phone call, and it said that police asked me a couple of questions. I don't remember what the questions were, and they said I am sorry to inform you that he passed away this morning.”
Patricia says when her son was murdered, the killer stole her life too.
She lives near Chicago and says her home is loaded down with her son's belongings.
Years later, she can't open her closet, go to her garage, or even hang a picture of her son.
It's too painful.
“I have a space on my wall for his picture, but I just can't put it up. I have his obituary. It's in my bedroom closet. I don't even go in that closet. I just can't do it,” says Patricia. “I pray to the lord, why don't you just come and take me. I am 63 years old. I did everything I wanted to do. Joseph had ambition. He had goals.”
She says her son was a barber in OKC, with a few shops.
He was known to cut kids hair for free at the start of the school year.
Patricia says after two years, police aren't giving up and she isn't either.
Both are hopeful witnesses will come forward.
“I want them to realize that true enough, this is my child this time, but it could be their child, their loved one's the next time and they are going to want someone to come forward,” Patricia says.
A cash reward is possible in the case for those who contact OKCPD homicide tip line at 405-297-1200 .
**News 9 checked for any criminal history involving Joseph Jackson.
Online court records show he received a deferred sentence for crimes in 2004 out of Tulsa County.
Also, a deferred sentence in 2014 for possessing counterfeit goods in Oklahoma County.
In Utah's Summit County, the agricultural industry is steeped in history and familial ties, with the east end of the county still maintaining a predominantly agricultural-based community.
But, everything from market forces to population growth and development are threatening the rural atmosphere and making it more difficult to sustain a living the way previous generations did. Many ranchers also cite a lack of understanding from those on the West Side and a “Park City influence” as endangering their way of life.
John Blazzard, a Kamas cattle farmer, said Summit County's growth could eventually be detrimental to those who continue to work the land. He's already seen it take a toll on the Kamas Valley, as the amount of land farms and ranches operate on has significantly decreased over the years.
The Park Record explores the history of the industry in Summit County and the challenges that farmers and ranchers face today amid a changing society.
Click on the photo below to read the whole story.
Could the death of 30 children at Gorakhpur's BRD Medical College have been avoided if the Uttar Pradesh government acted on time? Emerging evidence clearly indicates that the government fatally sat on several complaints of wrongdoing against the medical college authorities.Evidence accessed by News18 shows the state government had received complaints of corruption against the medical college principal Rajiv Mishra. The Yogi Adityanath government even ordered an inquiry, which was signed by state minister for Medical Education Ashutosh Tandon, on July 10, a month before the tragedy struck.News18 has accessed a copy of a letter written by Tandon to CP Chand, a member of the UP legislative council, informing him of the probe. The letter said, “Director General of Medical Education has been ordered to conduct the probe.”The MLC was informed because he had raised allegations of corruption against the BRD Medical College on the floor of the house on May 22. The allegations against Dr Mishra included misuse of government funds in allocation of tenders to favoured contractors.He accused the principal of not utilising funds for purchase of essential ‎medical supplies because no cuts or commission were offered. Chand also alleged an interference by Dr Mishra's wife in allocation of tenders.So, clearly, the state government was in the know.On August 12, UP Health Minister Siddharth Nath Singh said at his press conference: “On August 9, when UP Chief Minister visited Gorakhpur, he was not informed about payment issues with the firm supplying liquid oxygen... The college administration had kept the CM in the dark. The college principal is, therefore, being suspended on prima facie charges of mismanagement and concealing facts.”Prima Facie? Minister Tandon who had ordered the probe more than a month ago was sitting next to Singh.What happened to that probe's findings is anybody's guess. Was he given a clean chit? Was someone higher up shielding him?The only thing that is known is that timely action on that probe may have had saved several innocent lives.
MIDDLETOWN, Ohio (AP) — A southwest Ohio fire chief is on administrative leave pending investigation of charges that he operated a vehicle under the influence.
Middletown Fire Chief Paul Lolli was stopped by the Ohio State Highway Patrol during early morning hours Dec. 16 and charged with OVI and speeding.
City Law Director Les Landen tells the Hamilton-Middletown News-Journal (http://bit.ly/2iI9zBi ) that the city hopes to complete an internal investigation soon. He said the 55-year-old chief has cooperated during the investigation.
He has a pretrial hearing scheduled in Middletown Municipal Court on Jan. 24. Landen said an outside prosecutor will handle the case.
Landen said Lolli, hired as chief last year, has had no prior disciplinary issues.
A message was left Thursday for Lolli's attorney.
That acting improvisation is paying off! Meghan Markle handled an awards show gaff like a pro on Thursday night.
The soon-to-be royal served as a presenter for the Endeavor Awards in London, alongside her fiancé, Prince Harry.
The former Suits star, 36, attended the ceremony looking menswear chic in a tailored Alexander McQueen suit and stiletto heels.
Once inside, she took the stage to present awards to wounded, injured, and sick servicemen and women who have taken part in sporting and adventure challenges over the past year.
In a new video from The Telegraph, Markle is announcing one category before stepping aside to let her co-presenter have a turn. Things quickly got awkward when he realized that the notes were mixed up on the podium.
Whoops! Meghan Markle laughs off awkward moment when awards ceremony fails to go to script pic.twitter.com/LNAh9g7Z2E — The Telegraph (@Telegraph) February 2, 2018
Markle laughed off the flub, helping her co-presenter to find the proper category. The audience laughed along with the two as they went on to present more awards.
The evening marked yet another surprising fashion choice from the American actress, who had been expected to wear a gown to the event. Watch the clip below for more details on her edgy look!
RELATED CONTENT:
Meghan Markle Suits Up for First Awards Ceremony With Fiance Prince Harry
Meghan Markle Is Just Beginning the ‘Crazy Part of Her Life,' Patrick J. Adams Says
Priyanka Chopra Reacts to Rumors About Being a Bridesmaid in Meghan Markle's Royal Wedding
Related Gallery
Let's block ads! (Why?)
News
Accra, July 4, GNA – Eni has started gas production during the past weekend from the Sankofa field in the Offshore Cape Three Points (OCTP) Integrated Oil and Gas Project, in Ghana, on schedule.
A statement from the company said the field would provide 180 million standard cubic feet per day (mmscf/d) for at least 15 years, enough to convert to gas half of Ghana's power generation capacity.
Production started from two of the four deep-water subsea wells connected to the Floating Production, Storage and Offloading (FPSO) vessel “John Agyekum Kufuor.”
After the final steps of commissioning of the offshore facilities, production will gradually flow via a dedicated 60km pipeline to the Onshore Receiving Facility (ORF) in Sanzule, where gas will then be compressed and distributed to Ghana's national grid.
OCTP is the only deep offshore non-associated gas development in Sub-Saharan Africa entirely destined to domestic consumption and will guarantee stable, reliable, affordable gas supplies to Ghana.
The project was developed with the support of the World Bank, and has a strategic relevance: gas from OCTP can help Ghana shift from oil-fuelled power generation to a cleaner power source, with financial as well as environmental benefits, and contribute to the Country's sustainable economic development.
“OCTP combines value creation with social and environmental sustainability,” said Eni CEO Claudio Descalzi.
“OCTP gas will contribute to Ghana's energy stability, which is a pre-requisite for industrial and economic growth, while at the same time helping reduce harmful emissions. It is an evidence of Eni's commitment to sustainable development and long term partnership with host countries, where we can grow only if we grow together”.
“GNPC is delighted that the OCTP development has reached this milestone”, said GNPC CEO Dr KK Sarpong, “and will support Eni on the further steps to ensure gas delivery to the Ghanaian market reaches its expected volumes in the shortest period of time.”
Eni has been present in Ghana since 2009 through its subsidiary Eni Ghana. Eni is Operator of the OCTP Integrated Oil and Gas Development Project (Eni 44.44 per cent, Vitol 35.56 per cent, and GNPC 20 per cent) which, with its record start-up (three months ahead of schedule) and an accelerated ramp-up, reached the peak production one year ahead of the development plan.
With the achievement of gas start up, OCTP overall oil and gas production can reach up to 85,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
GNA
Tuesday, Feb 27, 2018
February 27 @ 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM
Featuring artist David Schalliol in conversation with architect Marshall Brown to address how changes in our post-industrial landscape alter communities.
This program is in conjunction with the Resilient Images exhibition and residency exchange.
About the exchange:
“Resilient Images,” a new international project in collaboration with the Centre régional de la photographie Nord—Pas-de-Calais (CRP) located in the North of France. This collaboration marks the first between CRP and Hyde Park Art Center, who was named a 2016 grantee of the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation's International Connections Fund.
At the center of the project is an exchange of two artists working with lens-based media who will develop new site-specific work during their residencies. The work will be featured in a two-part exhibition in September 2017 at the CRP and February 2018 at Hyde Park Art Center. Photographer David Schalliol, who will represent Chicago, and French artist Justine Pluvinage are the two artists participating in the program.
Two men suspected of gunning down a Palestinian lecturer in Kuala Lumpur were still in the country, police said on Wednesday, as they released a fresh image of one of the men.
KUALA LUMPUR: Two men suspected of gunning down a Palestinian lecturer in Kuala Lumpur were still in the country, police said on Wednesday, as they released a fresh image of one of the men.
Two men on a high-powered motorcycle fired at least 14 shots at Fadi al-Batsh, an engineering lecturer, outside his apartment building on Saturday, killing him on the spot.
A Kawasaki motorcycle was found abandoned near a lake about nine minutes from the scene, from which police were able to trace a photo of one of the suspects, Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun told reporters.
The suspects were believed to have entered Malaysia sometime in late January, but it was not known what nationalities they were or where they had traveled from, said Mohamad Fuzi.
"We believe the suspects are still in the country," he said.
"We have yet to identify them, but we suspect that they used fake identification either when entering the country or when they were here."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Authorities had originally released computer-generated photographs of the suspects, who witnesses described as well-built and light-skinned, possibly Middle Eastern or European.
A new photo of one of the suspects shows a light-skinned man with dark, wavy hair and a prominent goatee.
Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said on Saturday the suspects were believed to be Europeans with links to a foreign intelligence agency.
Hamas, an Islamist militant group that rules the Gaza Strip, have accused Israel's Mossad spy agency of assassinating Batsh, who they say was a member of their group. Israel dismissed the charge.
Mohamad Fuzi said the killing appeared "very professionally done", but declined to comment on reports it was a Mossad operation or that it was carried out by trained assassins.
Batsh was a lecturer at Universiti Kuala Lumpur, specialising in power engineering, according to the university.
Batsh's body will be returned to Gaza via Cairo, Egypt on Wednesday evening, after a funeral ceremony in Kuala Lumpur, Palestine's ambassador to Malaysia Anwar Al Agha told Reuters.
Mossad has been accused of several high-profile killings involving Palestinians around the world, although Israel has consistently denied the accusations.
(Reporting by Joseph Sipalan; Writing by Rozanna Latiff; Editing by Michael Perry)
Gold: A Million Dollar Arm sports coordinator, former India hockey coach roped in to train cast of sports drama
Gold's director Reema Kagti has roped in Aimee McDaniel, the Hollywood sports coordinator who worked on the Oscar-nominated movie Invictus, and A Million Dollar Arm, to train the cast.
While talking to Mumbai Mirror, Aimee said that even though this is her first Indian project, she had been to India for A Million Dollar Arm. “I had spent most of my time in New Delhi and Mumbai and got to travel in local trains, visit the Taj Mahal. So, I was familiar with the place, but I'd never choreographed field hockey. After reading the script and a 45-minute Skype call with Reema, I could see her passion for the project and agreed to be a part of the film,” she added.
She focused on the characters' story and choreographed the sequences keeping their strengths in mind; if someone was a good defender they'd be put in a suitable role during the gameplay.
Former Australian field hockey player and coach of Indian men's national field hockey team (2011-13), Michael Nobbs trained the star cast for six months. The training sessions used to begin at 6 am. “Hockey is a complex game and it takes a lot to be an adequate player, so I spent a lot of time helping them understand the sport, its nuances and postures. Kunal was fantastic and was a keen learner who constantly asked questions. Even the other players gave their hundred per cent,” said Nobbs in an interview with Mumbai Mirror.
Both Michael and Aimee praised Akshay Kumar as well as his crew's dedication.
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 16:44 PM
Liev Schreiber was spotted out on Friday night with former Miss South Dakota Taylor Neisen, sources told Page Six.
Spies said the “Ray Donovan” star, 50, and Neisen were at “The Losers Lounge Tribute to Burt Bacharach” at Joe's Pub together.
But, “They seemed tentative with each other, and not all over each other,” the source said. “They left together after intermission,” after sharing some fries.
Schreiber and Naomi Watts, the mother of his two kids, were a couple for 11 years before announcing their breakup last year.
A rep for Schreiber had no comment.
Neisen, 26, competed to be Miss USA in 2012, the same year Olivia Culpo won the crown.
Hyatt Commercial in Annapolis has hired Cecil Cummins as a full-time sales and leasing associate.
The Eastport resident previously worked in sales and held sales management positions.
Got business news to share? Add it to our website at community.capitalgazette.com
Would parking be impossible when the crowds arrived? Would there be people peeing on my doorstep? What would my Saturday routine of wandering around the skyway be like with a bunch of tourists getting lost in Baker Center? Would the neighborhood turkey, who I call Tina, be okay?
Instead of worrying, I decided to have fun with the grand event and document my experience Laura Ingalls-style: with a settler's log. Below are the contents of my journal, to be passed down through the generations and maybe read to elementary school classes in 2087.
Super Bowl Settler's Log, Day 1
1/26, 6 p.m.
Parking in the nearby garage, which I pay $100 per month for but have no assigned spot, was surprisingly easy despite the huge flags flying outside. One lane of my street is closed for an “Uber route” that doesn't ever seem to be utilized, but I can easily walk to Lunds and Target for needed supplies. (Coffee, cream, lemons.) Small buggies ferry people to zip line over the river. Seems dangerous. I will update tomorrow.
Super Bowl Settler's Log, Day 2
1/27, 4 p.m.
I made a trip into the skyway for cotton candy (from local vendor Spinning Wylde) and a hair appointment at Juut. The streets of Nicollet Mall are actually busy, which is quite strange to see on a weekend. Ghost town, no more. The cotton candy was delicious, by the way. Get the Purple Rain grape flavor.
Am concerned about the whereabouts of the neighborhood turkey, Tina. I haven't seen her prowling the street in a week.
Super Bowl Settler's Log, Day 3
1/28, 5 p.m.
I did not leave house. Sorry.
Super Bowl Settler's Log, Day 4
1/29, 7 p.m.
My journey home was simple, and traffic was as usual. I plan to spend tomorrow evening amongst the crowds in the skyway, mostly because I want new sunglasses from Saks Off Fifth.
Unfortunately, there's bad news. My dear boyfriend is permanently stranded at Martinpatrick3 until this godforsaken game is over. I will prepare myself toast and tomato soup in his absence, and keep the house warm and clean for his eventual return.
Super Bowl Settler's Log, Day 5
1/30, 8 p.m.
There's an enormous and scary Paul Bunyan statue on 11th, and the traffic is backed up because of out-of-town pickups and children scampering around. I will NOT be going near that statue again. My boyfriend has returned, and to celebrate we left the apartment for burgers and beers. While sitting in aforementioned traffic, I noticed the Bunyan and his haunted eyes looked right into mine. This does not bode well for the next few days. Please remember us in these trying times!
Super Bowl Settler's Log, Day 6
1/31, 6 p.m.
I walked into the skyway to get sunglasses and all I got was sweaty and irritated. And no sunglasses because Off Fifth is closed for a private event. They better not buy my goddamn pink sunglasses!! So far, the Super Bowl has only given me traumatic flashbacks of my retail career in the skyway during the Holidazzle: slow walkers, lots of kids smelling like sweaty wool, lost tourists … and police dogs? Why are there police dogs here?
Super Bowl Settler's Log, Day 7
2/1, 10 p.m.
I spent the evening at an ice bar in an alley between a fancy hotel and my boyfriend's store. I wore tights under my "winter leggings" from Athleta (highly recommend) and was cozy as can be with my crew of friends, who were literally wearing snowpants. We drank free drinks and played with diamonds. Is this what the Super Bowl is? If so, it's awesome.
The situation on the Korean Peninsula risks to move into a "hot phase", Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned on Monday, the Interfax news agency reported.
MOSCOW: The situation on the Korean Peninsula risks to move into a "hot phase", Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned on Monday, the Interfax news agency reported.
Lavrov was speaking after a trilateral meeting between the foreign ministers of Russia, India and China. He said all three countries did not want tensions on the Korean Peninsula to escalate any further, Interfax reported.
(Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh; Writing by Polina Nikolskaya; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
After years of debate, it seemed like most of the hockey world agreed recently that Dan Girardi might be a little … overmatched as an NHL defenseman. Even his biggest proponents would probably acknowledge that years of wear-and-tear have left him limited.
Even so, the generally shrewd Tampa Bay Lightning handed Girardi a polarizing two-year, $6 million contract. There might have been talk of Girardi scoring well based on their own internal metrics. It was weird.
MORE: After being bought out by the Rangers, Girardi wants to show he can still ‘play and contribute.'
The bottom line is that at least someone in the organization disagrees with the consensus against Girardi. And that voice – or those voices – proved loud enough to allocate precious cap space to him.
To really hammer home that belief, consider this: it looks like he'll line up with popular PHT Norris pick Victor Hedman on the top pairing tonight against the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Now, it's true that there are some extenuating circumstances. The Tampa Bay Times' Joe Smith notes that Jake Dotchin, Hedman's most common preseason partner, looks to be a surprise scratch for the Bolts. It seems like Dotchin is still in Jon Cooper's dog house for some murky “team rules violation.”
Perhaps it's a balm for Bolts fans that Cooper told Smith that combos might be temporary?
“You look all around the league, I don't know if there's a d-core that has stayed completely intact,” Cooper said. “Maybe Nashville, but (Ryan) Ellis is hurt. Different guys have got to play and get a different feel for each other. It's Game 1, there's 82 in a season. You hope chemistry comes because we don't know if this is going to stay together the whole time. But you've got a good veteran guuy that can protect the net and you've got a horse that leads the charge out there. For tonight, that's how it's going to go.”
Still, the Lightning clearly hold Girardi in higher regard than … just about any objective measure.
Here is a picture of Dan Girardi and Victor Hedman finding out they're being paired together. pic.twitter.com/kYGTFqjgZf — Adam Herman (@AdamZHerman) October 6, 2017
You might not see a more dramatic disparity between two HERO charts than Hedman vs. Girardi. Confession: I didn't know that a player could score poorly enough on shot suppression to not even show up on the chart.
OK, again, Hedman will make most defensemen look bad. And maybe there's some thought that he can carry Girardi around; the other pairings appear to be Anton Stralman – Mikhail Sergachev and a less inspiring third duo of Andrej Sustr and Braydon Coburn, with Slater Koekkoek joining Dotchin in street clothes.
What about Girardi against, say, Dom Galamini's standards for a bottom-pairing duo?
Yeah, also not great.
Again, the Lightning's lineup will probably look more sensible once Dotchin leaves timeout.
Still, as much as injuries and bad luck plagued the Lightning, it's a little troubling to see certain patterns from Cooper & Co.
Sergachev could very well end up filling a serious need for the Bolts. Still, while Jonathan Drouin seemingly always struggled to gain Cooper's approval, an extremely limited player like Sustr keeps getting chances, often taking away opportunities for defensemen with better potential. If Girardi serves a similar role, Lightning fans could grow increasingly frustrated, particularly if this places excessive pressure on Andrei Vasilevskiy to save the day.
It's not the end of the world that Girardi is starting with Hedman, especially if it's a short-term thing.
For a team that's often seen as brilliant, decisions like these do make people scratch their heads, however.
BRASILIA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazil has shelved a planned railway to ship commodities destined for China through Peru as it was too costly and faced “absurd” engineering challenges, a Brazilian official said.
The 5,000-km (3,300-mile) railway over the Andes to the Pacific coast, announced during a visit by President Xi Jinping in 2014, was meant to speed up soybean and iron ore exports to China at a lower cost by bypassing the Panama Canal.
But at an estimated cost of $80 billion, the railway would not be commercially viable if it transported just commodities and not more valuable goods, Jorge Arbache, vice planning minister for international affairs, told Reuters in an interview late on Thursday.
Peru also opposed the planned route that cut through one of the country's most important nature reserves, he said.
“The project has stopped, because it was extremely costly and the feasibility study was very unsatisfactory. At this time, the railway is not on the government's agenda,” Arbache said. “The engineering challenges were absurd.”
The Peruvian government has said the railway could be feasible if it took a more direct route through Bolivia that would reduce costs and have less of an environmental impact, in addition to giving Peru's landlocked neighbor better access to Pacific export markets.
Arbache said talks on an alternative route were only at an “embryonic” stage.
China is Brazil's biggest trading partner and invested $20.9 billion in the South American country in 2017, the most since 2010, as a recession eroded asset prices and attracted investors, according to the planning ministry.
The bulk of that investment has gone into energy, logistics and agriculture.
Arbache said Brazil expects China to take a longer-term view and diversify its investments towards Brazilian manufacturing and services, including the health and education sectors. (Reporting by Anthony Boadle and Leonardo Goy; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Infrastructure needs in the R.M. of Dufferin won't be slowing down in the new year.
"Like a lot of R.M.s there's a lot of heavy truck traffic and we're no different," explains Reeve George Gray. "As a consequence we're going to need more maintenance, gravel and that sort of thing so as we move forward we'll be looking at dedicating more material for our roads in 2017 and beyond."
He adds it is a priority for Council to provide good roads throughout the municipality twelve months of the year.
When it comes to drainage however, Gray feels the municipality is in pretty good shape heading into 2017. He does admit there is one drain that that will need some attention.
"We call it the Kippen Drain, it's a very important component to the folks north and northwest of Carman and there is one portion that we haven't got finished yet."
“We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.” – William Casey, CIA Director 1981
Posted by Charean Williams on June 14, 2017, 4:13 PM EDT
Blake Bortles has had it up to here with “being below average.” But will he and the Jaguars do something about it?
Since Bortles joined the team as the No. 3 overall pick in 2014, Jacksonville has an 11-37 record. Bortles started all but three of those losses in that stretch.
“Guys are sick and tired of being below average and not being successful when we feel as though we have the ability to be a good team,” Bortles said, via quotes distributed by the team. “We haven't been. It's time to make a change. It's not going to happen overnight. You have to go do something about it.”
Jaguars fans have waited a long time for things to change in Jacksonville.
The Jaguars have not made the playoffs since 2007, which was the last time the franchise had a winning record.
Login E-mail: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
WASHINGTON — A federal judge is warning President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman that he shouldn't be trying his case in the press. That includes drafting opinion essays published in other countries. U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson told Paul Manafort that his editing of an op-ed that appeared in an English-language newspaper in Ukraine is ...
Tony Blair is to make an appearance in a special episode of Channel 4's The Last Leg marking a year since the death of Labour MP Jo Cox.
The former prime minister will star in a sketch alongside the show's Adam Hills, Alex Brooker and Josh Widdicombe as part of The Last Leg: Re-United Kingdom.
The two-hour live show will also feature Ed Balls, Michael Gove and a host of other figures from across politics and comedy.
The three hosts will bump into Mr Blair in a lift where he interrupts their bickering and demands they set aside their differences to celebrate the life of Ms Cox, who was was shot and stabbed on June 16 last year by right-wing extremist Thomas Mair.
The show will pay tribute to the mother-of-two with a celebratory event reminding viewers of what unites us rather than divides us.
Also appearing in Friday night's show are Nick Clegg, Alastair Campbell, comedians Jon Richardson and Stephen Mangan, actors James Buckley and Lily Cole and British band Elbow.
The live special comes ahead of The Great Get Together this weekend where thousands of people will gather for small picnics and community events across the UK.
The Last Leg: Re-United Kingdom is on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.
Mystic Aquarium's Tropical Sunsation is warming up vacation week Feb 18 - 26! Paradise awaits with a staycation including live music, hula lessons, a beach party, colorful crafts and more. Warm up to countless tropical animals and drift away to the soothing sounds of live steel drum performances. Dance to the beat with professional hula dancers then snap a SCUBA selfie by the Coral Reef exhibit. With sun-sational entertainment, exotic discoveries and a delightful Aquarium oasis, enjoy all the luxuries of a tropical vacation in the comfort of your own back yard. Visit MysticAquarium.org to learn more.
Free for Aquarium members or with admission
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
MUMBAI: Guru Randhawa's nine-city tour has kicked off on a high note with some fabulous performances by the Punjabi sensation in Ahmedabad and Bhubaneswar on 26 - 27 May respectively. However, Guru's Indore fans will have to wait in order to catch a glimpse of the High Rated Gabru singer.
While Guru was supposed to perform on 2 June 2018 in Indore, the next city of Bollyboom tour, the event has been postponed to 14 July 2018 as per reports. The official handle of Bollyboom revealed this change through a tweet.
Due to some unforeseen circumstances, Bollyboom High Rated Gabru India Tour with Guru Randhawa in Indore has been effectively rescheduled to 14th JULY 2018. We regret the inconvenience caused to all our fans. We look forward to seeing you all there.
Stay Tuned for more. pic.twitter.com/GR0NmQF4s9 — Bollyboom (@BollyBoomIndia) May 29, 2018
This change in schedule was also retweeted by Guru Randhawa. The reason for the sudden change in schedule is yet to be confirmed.
Meanwhile, there is no change in the schedule of the other Bollyboom shows.
AP, BEIJING
A Tibetan Buddhist monk set himself on fire in western China in an apparent protest against Beijing's rule, a monitoring group and a US government-backed radio station said.
The monk set himself ablaze in a public square on Saturday morning in Kardze, also known as Ganzi, in Sichuan Province, according to Radio Free Asia and Free Tibet, an advocacy group based in Britain.
The unidentified monk was taken away after the fire was extinguished by security forces, reports said. It was unclear if he survived.
A man who answered the telephone yesterday at the local police station said he was unaware of the case and “not clear” about the situation.
The government for Garze Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, which includes the town of Kardze, referred questions to police.
A YouTube video purported to be of the incident showed two men spraying fire extinguishers on what appeared to be a body at the edge of a busy street as a crowd gathered.
Free Tibet spokesman John Jones said the group acquired the video from a witness who posted it on social media.
If the self-immolation is confirmed, it would be the 148th recorded case of a Tibetan self-immolating since 2009, according to Radio Free Asia and Free Tibet. At least 125 have died, according to monitoring groups.
Self-immolations peaked in 2012 with 83 that year, Jones said.
A security crackdown has made it more difficult to confirm subsequent incidents, particularly in the Tibetan Autonomous Region that includes Lhasa, Jones said.
AnimeMojo is getting into the festive spirit with 12 days of giveaways! We'll randomize our anime list and give away anime EVERY DAY for 12 Days! Check out how you can win!
Lets start the holidays of with a big bang! Day 1 of our 12 days of Christmas giveaways consists of High School DxD, Sailor Moon Crystal 2, Heavy Object Pt 1 & Pt 2, and Valkyrie Drive! See everything that you need to know below including how to win and what each series is about! We had an amazing year on facebook (don't forget about us on Twitter ) and want to continue to grow our amazing community!
About High School DxD
After being killed by a fallen angel, Issei Hyodo is brought back to life by the gorgeous president of his high school's Occult Research Club, Rias Gremory, who turns out to be a high-ranking demon. With devilish new powers, Issei is bound to serve Rias.
AboutHeavy Object
In the future, warfare has been revolutionized by the invention of mechanical weapons called “Objects.” These Objects are overwhelmingly powerful, rendering traditional weapons like guns, tanks and fighter jets completely useless. Qwenthur is an un-athletic, but smart soldier who aims to work as an Object mechanic. Stationed at an Alaskan Object base, he meets Milinda, a stoic but beautiful Elite Soldier who pilots her own Object. As they learn to support each other in battle, Qwenthur begins to uncover the grim secret behind the Heavy Objects.
AboutSailor Moon Crystal 2
Usagi Tsukino is a little clumsy and a crybaby, but she's also one spirited eighth grader. One day she meets Luna, a black cat with a crescent moon mark on her forehead, and transforms into the pretty guardian of love and justice in a sailor suit, Sailor Moon!
About Valkyrie Drive
When Mamori Tokonome is sent to Mermaid Island, she's thrust into a world where girls are living weapons! Paired with Mirei Shikishima, these two embark on a battle against a fearsome organization and a new world of feelings, relationships, and pleasure.
Prize: High School DxD, Sailor Moon Crystal 2, Heavy Object Pt 1 & Pt 2, and Valkyrie Drive
Like us on Facebook.*
Follow us on Twitter *
Share the giveaway post on Facebook
Retweet the tweet below
Join the AnimeMojo Community and keep up to date on all the anime news!
Comment below on your favorite characters from the movie or series below!
RT & FOLLOW To Enter AnimeMojo's 12 Day's Of Christmas Giveaway's Day 1! High School DxD, Sailor Moon Crystal, Valkyrie Drive. https://t.co/cs3IYPZiVh pic.twitter.com/DkAK066gWl — Anime Mojo (@AnimeMojo) December 11, 2017
How Do I WIN?*If you have already liked us on Facebook that is awesome! Enter by following the instructions below!If you are under the age of 18, you must have your parents permission to enter. Giveaway will run from 12/11 to 12/17/2017. Winner will be selected and contacted on 12/18/2017. Open to US residents only.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — This weekend's Super Bowl in Minneapolis is stirring memories among Bills fans because the last time that city hosted a Super Bowl, it featured the Buffalo Bills!
Of course, the Bills came out on the losing end of Super Bowl XXVI versus the Washington Redskins 37-24, but it was still a thrill ride from start to finish and an experience that fans, players, and Minnesotans won't forget!
My mission in Minneapolis back in 1992 was to cover Bills fans for News Four as they made their way to the Twin Cities and sampled the daytime activities, the nightlife, and the Super Bowl experience.
Working with very talented news photographers Tommy Vetter, Danny Summerville, and others, I sent back live reports for the 5, 6, and 11 p.m. newscasts from Thursday through Monday of Super Bowl week — along with sports specials. The great Van Miller and Brian Blessing, with a giant assist from producer Paul Peck, were covering the sports angles of the big game.
I'll always remember jumping the Velcro wall, trying on William (The Refrigerator) Perry's Super Bowl ring, sledding down a hand-made ice slide, seeing Muhammad Ali hand out autographs, interviewing Bill Parcells, Jerry Glanville, George Wendt, & Chris Farley, watching excited Western New York football fans be the first in the country to try out a new interactive theme park called “The NFL Experience” and reporting from a Minneapolis rooftop in a wind chill that was 30 below zero! And, oh yes, there was the game.
I've kept my reports in my desk drawer over these 26 years, so I ask that you forgive the fading video (and my wild blonde hair!) as you view this abbreviated look at that super week. This clip aired on News 4 at 6 on February 2, 2018. I've already heard from many Bills fans who were there and are sharing some lasting memories of Minneapolis in January, 1992. We'll never forget Super Bowl XXVI!
During the course of a 45-minute conference call Monday, the United Bid Committee for the 2026 World Cup took every opportunity to impress on its audience just how united they are in their pursuit of FIFA's crown jewel.
It was an interesting bit of timing because last week the B.C. government rescinded its support of the bid as did the Alberta government, the City of Chicago and the City of Minneapolis, Minn. The bid committee, it seems, is united in its aim to bringing the Cup to Canada, Mexico and the U.S., but, beyond its well-appointed walls, opinions on this matter aren't as, well, unified.
“This is not geo-politics,” said U.S. Soccer Federation president Carlos Cordeiro, one of the bid committee's three co-chairs. “It's football. We're focused on the merits of our bid.”
Right, because, Lord knows, politics never enters the equation when it comes to FIFA or a Cup bid.
With the dust from last week's rumpus still clouding the issue, Cordeiro, Vancouverite Steven Reed, Canadian Soccer Association president, and his Mexican counterpart, Decio de Maria, tried to clarify their organization's position Monday. But if you were waiting for a detailed accounting of their business, if you thought the events of last week had caused some deep soul-searching in the CONCACAF bid, then, surprise!, you're still waiting.
In the end, Cordeiro, Reed and de Maria only succeeded in serving up a series of platitudes that extolled the greatness of their mission. On the one hand, this is to be expected. They're after the biggest prize in world sports and if that means genuflecting in front of the FIFA alter — Reed: “Our bid is an example of the unity football brings to the world.” — that's just the price of doing business.
But not everyone views this process through the same lens as the bid committee. Four different governments, in fact, have weighed FIFA's demands in the bid and, seen, not a once-in-a-lifetime windfall, but a venture in which FIFA reaps a disproportionate share of the rewards while assuming none of the risk.
As such, they've withdrawn their support to which we can only add it's about time.
Last week, your agent authored a column that stated, among other things, Vancouver's withdrawal from 2026 represented a lost opportunity for the city and province. While acknowledging the odious nature of FIFA and the danger of entering into any partnership with them, the larger point was Vancouver has derived many great things as a host city for world sports. Couple that with our place as the home of soccer in Canada and it felt like the benefits outweighed the potential costs in this venture.
Now, I don't want a complete do-over on that column. But, owing to subsequent events, I'd like to walk it back a couple of steps. When the piece was first written, details were still emerging about FIFA's demands. Now, with some solid reporting by Bob Mackin and our own Mike Smyth, a more complete picture has emerged that has caused some second thoughts.
Besides, as the noted soccer writer Ralph Waldo Emerson once observed: “A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.”
The World Cup remains a massive global event and there is real value in bringing it to your town. But, to get three games, the province had to cave to FIFA and I'm not sure that was worth the price. Individually, the items weren't deal-breakers — open-ended cost on security, two grass fields at B.C. Place, exclusive use of The Dome for two months, tax breaks for FIFA. But collectively, they reflect an arrogance and sense of entitlement that has become FIFA's calling card over the years.
This, we remind you, is an organization that was charged with wire fraud, racketeering and money laundering three years ago. That scandal took down Sepp Blatter, the longtime president of FIFA who built his power base in Africa and Asia. In a shocking development, Blatter has also thrown his support behind the Moroccan bid for 2026. It seems you can't rub the spots off a leopard.
In the end, the unified bid committee does represent a lost opportunity, but not the one I wrote about last week. With their collective wealth and influence, the States, Canada and Mexico — but mostly the States — had a chance to send a clear message to FIFA that things have changed; that when they're invited to a city or country, they should act like guests and not visiting royalty looking for tribute.
I understand that's asking a lot and, with the money at stake in this bid, it's unrealistic to expect anything different from FIFA. But this only lasts because the rest of the world tolerates these people.
This time the B.C. government chose not to. The hope is others are paying attention.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
Get your damn mattress off the floor.
If I had a punch card for every time I walked into a dude's room and saw a mattress on the floor, I could make a shadow puppet of the Milky Way.
I want to help. If that means making a list of the places where you can get bed frames for as little as $25 dollars, and the Home Depots where you can rent a flatbed truck for very little moneys, I will do that for you.
Better yet: Do you have a friend with a truck? Of course you do; you're a Minnesotan. Call that friend. Here's a script:
“Hey, man, any chance I can borrow your truck from 11 to 1 on Sunday? I'll hit you with a sixer of Summit afterward, maybe we can burn that pile of brush leaning against your shed, shoot the shit a while."
Just copy it, paste it, and read it out loud. (Not the quotation marks, leave those out.) It's grammatically correct, colloquial, actionable, expresses your gratitude, your appreciation for IPA's and friendship. It's fucking bulletproof.
Also, lots of bed frames can fit into a car if you put the stupid seats down, which I know you know how to do because that kayak/beer pong table/pallet of frozen Costco chicken breasts didn't transport itself. LOOK AT ME. Look at yourself. How did you get the chicken breasts home?
Some websites like Amazon.com — heard of it? The address is in the name — or Overstock or Ikea will even ship you a bed frame for motherfucking free!
Estate sales (Google them) are popping off in the summer.
So is The Savers in Columbia Heights. As is the Savers in Minneapolis. And the Savers in Coon Rapids. And all the other Savers.
And all the other thrift stores, in all the other states. And Craigslist isn't just for textual displays of misogyny — there's home stuff for purchase and for free on there. Stuff like bedframes. Or like, get one from your cousin who's moving out of state and isn't taking her stuff. Yeah, call your cousin and go get it. Ask her how stoked she is for grad school while you're at it, you degenerate.
Oh, you don't have a power drill? Good thing your neighbors do. Knock on their fucking door like a human. Pet their dog and get your sugar.
Because I can't take it anymore. It just takes some effort. Why haven't you done this? You're not a minimalist or fresh out of college or in the Peace Corps or recovering from a divorce or migrating around the country on a rotational medical residency.
If you can afford eight Irish Car Bombs for the junior-level sales team, and can spare a five-hour window of time to watch so-and-so lose to so-and-so on ESPN, then you have the means to get your mattress off the floor, where the souls of all the women who have later regretted sleeping with you lay crushed into the carpet.
You have your whole death to sleep on the ground, okay? Okay.
Signed,
All of us.
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
15% off for VIB Rouge members with code ROUGESPRING
Oh, it's the most wonderful time of the year. VIB Rouge members at Sephora get 15% off all their purchases with the code ROUGESPRING. The only “major” exclusions are on PLAY memberships and customizable sets, but that's not what you'll use the discount on anyway, right?
Advertisement
Not a VIB Rouge member? Regular VIB members will get this discount come tomorrow and Beauty Insiders get it Wednesday (don't worry, we'll remind you).
Here are a few things to think about when you're adding items to your cart:
Toronto FC was 4,000 kilometres away in Mexico Monday when a rented van plowed into pedestrians with deadly results.
But coach Greg Vanney said the horrific attack was deeply felt by his team in Mexico as it prepared for Wednesday's return leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final with CD Guadalajara, known as Chivas.
“I think our group, probably as much or more than any group I've ever been around, really genuinely loves where they are and loves Toronto and all it has to offer and its people,” said the former U.S. international. “There isn't anybody on our team that isn't super-happy and excited being in Toronto. And everyone feels safe.”
Captain Michael Bradley called Toronto “one of the best cities in the world.”
“We're going to step on the field (Wednesday night) and play in a way where everybody back home in Toronto is proud,” said the U.S. national team skipper.
Vanney also hopes the MLS champions can give something back to the city when it looks to erase a 2-1 deficit from the first leg. Because of Chivas' away goals, a 1-0 win won't be enough for Toronto. TFC will need to win and score at least two goals on the night. A 2-1 victory, however, would send the game to extra time and possibly penalties.
Chivas Guadalajara scores one of its two goals in a win over Toronto FC on April 17 in the opening leg of their CONCACAF Champions League final. (Graig Abel/Getty Images)
“We've got to be smart,” said Vanney. “We can't just give away goals. But at the same time we know it's incumbent upon us to go score at least two.”
TFC has a large contingent in Guadalajara, having sent 11 starters to Mexico late last week. All but two or three of the reserve squad Toronto fielded in a 5-1 loss in Houston on Saturday continued on to Mexico.
The team had 20 players in training Monday, allowing Vanney to essentially field two full squads in training.
Fullback Justin Morrow and defender Chris Mavinga flew in Tuesday afternoon. Morrow has been ruled out through injury. While Mavinga will undergo a fitness test, he is considered unlikely to take part in the game.
Spanish playmaker Victor Vazquez, who has been sidelined by a nerve issue in his back, has trained. Vanney says barring a setback, Vazquez will be available “to play some role (Wednesday).”
Toronto FC is looking to become the first team from MLS to win the CONCACAF Champions League in its new format. The winner will secure a berth in the FIFA Club World Cup.
Chivas Guadalajara defeated Toronto FC 2-1 in the first leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final. 1:37
A Toronto victory would complete the MLS champion's trophy case after a 2017 season that saw the franchise win the Canadian Championship, Supporters' Shield and MLS Cup.
Toronto disposed of the Colorado Rapids and Mexico's Tigres UANL and Club America en route to the final.
“I like the mindset of our group going into this game,” said Vanney. “Obviously we would have preferred to come down here in slightly different circumstances score-wise but it is what it is.
“What we have as we arrive is clarity. Whenever you get into these second legs you know what the outcomes are that you have to play for … I think once this team has clarity, it can set its mind towards the mission for the night and guys will commit to it and they'll work and they'll run.”
Chivas will be bolstered by the return from suspension of goalkeeper Rodolfo Cota and defenders Jair Pereira and Edwin Herrera.
The side currently languishes in 17th spot in the 18-team Mexican league with a 3-7-6 record. Toronto, which has focused all of its resources on the CONCACAF Champions League, is last in the Eastern Conference with a 1-4-0 mark.
Toronto is only the third club in MLS history to appear in the final. Real Salt Lake (2011) and the Montreal Impact (2015) both lost to Mexican opposition.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | Soccer News
The city of Tulsa is picking up properly bundled green waste after the tornado.
City of Tulsa crews started picking up green waste that was left behind after last weekend's tornado. Crews are out working along Yale on Monday, August 14.
The city says they have 11 crews out. Some are using heavy machinery; some are picking it up by hand.
Crews are making a sweep between Harvard and Sheridan from 31st to 41st and Harvard to Mingo from 41st to 51st. The city says they'll start on the east and west sides of the collection area and work toward the center.
They say it should take two weeks, but residents are advised to put debris on the curb as soon as possible.
8/13/2017 Related Story: Tulsa Continues Cleanup One Week After EF2 Tornado
Green waste needs to be cut into bundles smaller than eight feet long and 18 inches in diameter. The city is asking you to put it within four feet of the curb and keep it away from utilities and fire hydrants.
Another option is to take your waste for free to the city's mulch facility at 2100 North 145th East Avenue. It's open seven days a week from 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. excluding city holidays.
Tulsa residents should bring a current driver's license or their utility bill with a Tulsa address in order to drop waste off for free.
ENGLAND'S victory over Colombia last night was “everything” for TV hard man Ross Kemp.
Gareth Southgate's side put in a gutsy performance as they saw off the South American side in Moscow to progress to the World Cup quarter-finals. Unsurprisingly, fans around the country have been revelling in England's first ever penalty shoot-out win in the competition. But Kemp – most famous for playing Grant Mitchell in EastEnders – has left everyone in awe.
Getty/ Ross Kemp posted his brilliant reaction to England's World Cup win against Colombia
“Get him on the plane” Twitter user The documentary maker, 52, posted a video of himself topless, which has now been viewed nearly 700,000 times. Taking to Twitter, he shouts: “You will never know what that means to me. “That is everything! Everything! “We love you, boys. We love you.”
And fans on Twitter absolutely loved what the actor had to say. “Haha this guy,” one viewer wrote. Another commented: “We love you, Ross!” While a third suggested getting the actor into the England set-up.
World Cup 2018: England fans go WILD as England beat Colombia England fans go wild after beating Colombia in a tense penalty shootout 1 / 60 The Three Lions flag is triumpahntly held aloft following England's latest World Cup win
WINDSOR, Ont. — A labour strike at Caesars Windsor has forced the tourist draw to cancel more hotel reservations and postpone performances by musician Brian Wilson and illusionist Darcy Oake.
The southern Ontario venue is temporarily closed because of a strike by casino and hotel workers that began April 6.
READ MORE: Caesars Windsor, Unifor, to resume contract talks amid continuing strike
Caesars Windsor says it's now cancelling hotel reservations scheduled between May 1 and May 19.
It's also postponing Wilson's concert on May 4 and Oake's show on May 17, but says they will be rescheduled.
Caesars Windsor previously cancelled all events through April, including Colosseum shows, conventions and hotel reservations.
READ MORE: Caesars Windsor workers on strike after rejecting agreement
Future Colosseum shows remain scheduled, including Pitbull on May 25, Lee Brice on May 26 and Daniel O'Donnell on May 27.
Some 2,300 workers walked off the job April 6 after rejecting a tentative agreement by a vote of 59 per cent.
The striking workers include dealers, cooks, housekeepers and janitors. Wages and working conditions are key issues.
One stunned resident captured the flying object in the sky near Lanbeach, Cambs, earlier in the week.
Describing the scene on Sunday, he said he witnessed “two lights” at around 2am when in his garden.
“One was roughly 300 ft in the air and white, the other hovering just above the tree line and orange,” he said.
The man said that one of the objects hoovered for around five minutes, while the other one disappeared after 15 minutes.
Getty Images
The Colts signed running back George Winn last August, but he never played a regular season game for them.
The team announced this morning that Winn had been released with a failed physical designation.
The journeyman running back has spent time with the Giants, Lions, Cowboys, Steelers, Raiders, Patriots, and Texans.
He has played in 19 games in his career, with 23 carries for 74 yards.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833160","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833160","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833160","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833160","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Here's a quick recap. San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick started sitting down or taking a knee during the National Anthem in 2016, and soon other players followed suit, in protest of police brutality against people of color.
Naturally, that meant President Donald Trump had to weigh in. He told a crowd at an Alabama campaign rally that he'd like to see an NFL owner fire players for taking a knee.
“You know, some owner is going to do that. He's going to say, 'That guy that disrespects our flag, he's fired.' And that owner, they don't know it [but] they'll be the most popular person in this country.”
Now, a year and change out from the inciting incident, the NFL is unveiling a new policy: either stand during the National Anthem, or make yourself scarce. The penalty isn't a firing, but an unspecified fine placed on the team, according to commissioner Roger Goodell's statement on the subject.
"It was unfortunate that on-field protests created a false perception among many that thousands of NFL players were unpatriotic. This is not and was never the case,” Goodell said.
Goodell said the protests created "awareness and action around issues of social justice that must be addressed." And the players could continue to create that awareness. Just in the locker room, or some other place where no one could see them.
Whether the decision to punish players who protest visibly makes the NFL the “most popular” organization in the country remains to be seen, but it's already made it less popular with one avid fan: DFL U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison of Minneapolis.
Friends who know me, know that I love football. But I won't be watching this NFL season because of the unfair cowardly and idiotic kneeling ban. #BoycottNFL — Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) May 27, 2018
"It is patriotic to protest and to raise awareness for issues of importance to our country, and our country is better for it," Ellison said in a statement. "President Trump wanted to silence the conversation that players like Colin Kaepernick were raising, and the NFL owners played right into his hand."
Naturally, Twitter heard about one man choosing not to watch football, and it reacted.
@keithellison go away. How my fellow Minnesotans elected you is beyond me. Kneeling offends more than not. https://t.co/KFJzV6Z8hA — Ronnie (@MNMDkid) May 29, 2018
Hey @keithellison WE DONT GIVE A F**K! — Caren (@Caren78571575) May 29, 2018
@keithellison YOU ARE The WORST RACIST THAN THE K K K... — tony diaz (@Diaz1249) May 29, 2018
Then there were the arguments. Like, “you shouldn't be able to stand up for your personal beliefs at work.”
Keith Ellison is a joke freedom of expression is limited in the work place — BAMA guy81 (@Lvo57) May 29, 2018
Or “sure, protesting is great, but why can't the players protest in some other, less upsetting way?”
What's the proper, approved, and social acceptable way to protest? https://t.co/fkTf0RT5Zc — Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) May 29, 2018
But it turns out, some people are with Ellison. And some have already been on this boycott train for a while.
Stopped last season, not going back. — JB (@JoanLMB) May 29, 2018
So we'll see how this whole “popular” thing shakes out.
By Jason Pan / Staff reporter
The Taiwan High Court yesterday upheld a guilty verdict handed to former Nantou County commissioner Lee Chao-ching (李朝卿) of the Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT), who was charged with corruption for siphoning funds from public projects, sentencing him to 22 years in prison and deprivation of civil rights for 10 years.
Chien Jui-chi (簡瑞祺), Lee's brother-in-law who served as an intermediary, passing on messages and transferring illicit funds, was also found guilty, and given a 20-year term and deprived of his civil rights for nine years.
The ruling reduced the sentences handed to the two in 2015, with Lee having originally been sentenced to 30 years and Chien to 22 years.
Investigators found that Lee, as the highest official of the Nantou County Government, abused his authority by demanding 10 percent kickbacks from contractors of 111 public infrastructure projects starting in 2009, receiving a total of NT$31.71 million (US$1.05 million at the current exchange rate).
One such project — rebuilding several mountain villages' roads and bridges washed away by Typhoon Morakot in 2009 — had a budget of NT$94.6 million, of which Lee received NT$9.49 million from the construction company that secured the public tender, prosecutors said.
The smallest project for which Lee earned a kickback was street sewer repair project in Puli Township (埔里) with a budget of NT$160,000, for which Lee received a kickback of NT$16,000, the prosecutors added.
The case was one of the largest corruption investigations involving the head of a local government in the past decade and achieved prominence in the media because of Lee's preferred method of receiving funds from contractors — requiring them to put bundles of cash inside luxury tea containers and fruit gift boxes.
When authorities raided Lee's office at the start of the investigation in November 2012, they found metal tea containers containing NT$30,000 each. Witnesses and evidence indicated that Lee would visit contractors to collect his 10 percent cuts, picking up the boxes to pass them off as gifts.
Lee, 67, was first elected Nantou County commissioner in 2005 and was re-elected to a second term in 2009.
Lee began his kickback scheme and other corrupt activities during his first term, with his “appetite” growing bigger in his second term, prosecutors said.
He was detained and suspended from his post when the investigation began in 2012 and, after evidence of his corruption mounted, Control Yuan members voted 11-1 to impeach him in September 2013.
Kapuso hunk did his own research for teleserye role
0 SHARES Share Tweet
By Ruel J. Mendoza
SA papel niya bilangang archaeologist na si Trevor Jones sa telefantasya ng GMA-7 na “Super Ma'am,” nag-research nang husto ang Fil-American model-turned-actor na si Matthias Rhoads para magampanan niya ng husto ang kanyang role.
Nataon daw na noong mag-taping na siya for “Super Ma'am,” dumating sa Pilipinas ang kanyang aunt from Guam at kasama nito ang kanyang kaibigan na ang anak ay ikakasal sa isang totoong archaeologist.
“My Tita was visiting in town and she brought one of her best friends from Guam whose son is getting married to an archaeologist.
“We've been running by some ideas about what might it be like to be an archaeologist.
“She's actually studying jars in Guam which is super coincidental with what my role is.
“A lot of them are in Guam because they're researching some old and ancient tribes there.
“So, I know did my research for my role. And I get to use to for my character Trevor Jones,” ngiti pa ni Matthias.
Bago nga raw maging actor at model si Matthias, ilang trabaho rin daw ang pinagdaanan niya sa Amerika. Kabilang na rito ay ang magtrabaho ng tatlong taon sa isang insurance company, maging isang graphic designer at maging isang fitness instructor.
Never daw niyang naisip na one day ay magiging isang actor siya sa Pilipinas.
“I already went to acting workshops that GMA had given us.
“One was with Anthony Bova for Eric Morris.
“I enjoyed acting and I grew up watching lots of movies.''
Related
comments
Designer Abhinav Mishra, who has opened a new bridal store Leela here, says bridal wear is the primary market for India and the segment is gaining recognition the world over.
“In the Indian fashion industry, I see bridal wear as the primary market. We Indians are sentimental towards our traditions and this sentiment keeps the bridal wear market a steady and consistent one. This segment is growing steadily and we are gaining recognition the world over,” Mishra told IANS.
Mishra's new store at Shahpur Jat here focuses on bridal wear and is a move to expand into this area. Known for his cut mirror-work and dreamy silhouettes, he is growing his label into territories across India and internationally.
Asked how easily a designer's creation is copied in the local market with the majority of them making replicas of bridal wear, he said: “Replication has always been a part of the fashion industry, and now social media has made it even easier.
“It has never had a very markable impact on the design market and shall not in the future as long as designers take out authentic, new design solutions for the masses. I personally use this as inspiration to do better with each season and create newer and original products.
“Ultimately, quality is what counts and you get that from the original designer and discerning fashion buyers will always remain mindful about that,” he added.
According to the designer, Leela is an ode to his mother, who has always inspired him to do better.
“She is a living example of somebody I truly admire since I can remember,” he said.
The brand is also expanding its presence in luxury multi-designer stores while also strengthening their online presence.
“We are also going to look at our stores in Delhi in 2018 and then other cities as we progress,” he said.
Getty Images
The Steelers signed linebacker Austin Gearing, the team announced Monday. They released receiver Canaan Severin to make room.
Gearing was a tryout player at Steelers' rookie minicamp in May but was not signed.
Gearing played in 44 games in four seasons at the University of Miami (Ohio). He made 38 tackles, six for a loss, with four sacks and three forced fumbles last season.
He began his college career as a quarterback, completing 24 of 54 passes for 188 yards as a redshirt freshman in 2013.
The Steelers originally signed as an undrafted college free agent out of Virginia in 2016. He spent his rookie season on injured reserve after injuring his shoulder in training camp.
The Steelers waived Severin in May before re-signing him a few weeks later.
The No. 11 Navy men's lacrosse team's 13-12 win at No. 12 Syracuse on Saturday was notable for the way it ended on senior faceoff specialist Joe Varello's game-winning goal with 0.2 of a second left in regulation.
The offensive performance was also remarkable because senior midfielder Casey Rees sat out the entire second half because of a head injury. The Baltimore resident and Boys' Latin graduate had opened his team's scoring with a goal 2:24 into the first quarter, but left near the end of the second period after absorbing a hit from an Orange player.
Coach Rick Sowell said the outlook for Rees — who ranks fourth on the team in goals with 12 — looks promising.
“It's day by day, but we're encouraged with how he feels,” Sowell said Monday afternoon. “I have not seen Casey, but from talking to our trainer, he seems like he's progressing.”
While some Midshipmen fans were up in arms over the absence of a penalty called immediately after the play, Sowell said further review of game film showed that the Syracuse player hit Rees with his shoulder and that the hit was not illegal.
That Navy (9-4) scored 13 goals without Rees and junior midfielder Drew Smiley (groin) and allowed freshman attackman Christian Daniel (strained right hamstring) to play on only two extra-man opportunities speaks to the offense's depth. Freshman midfielder John Salcedo assisted on senior attackman Jack Ray's goal that tied the score at 12-12 with nine seconds left in regulation.
The uncertainty over the availability of Daniel, Rees and Smiley for Friday night's Patriot League tournament semifinal at Ridley Athletic Complex in Baltimore is worrisome, but Sowell said he can't go down that rabbit hole.
“I'm sure we're not the only team with bumps and bruises and some day-to-day injuries, and you've just got to deal with them,” he said. “We've got guys that are ready to step in. The other day, we had Christian for two extra-mans and Casey was out for the second half and Drew never even suited up, and we still scored 13 goals. So we'll have to deal with it. Obviously, we would love to have those guys back. But I'm not going to bring them back if they're not ready to play, and I'll go by what our team doctor and trainers say. If it's full-go, that's great. If not, we'll adjust to it and have some guys ready to go.”
edward.lee@baltsun.com
twitter.com/EdwardLeeSun
Raymond T. Ryan
Raymond T. Ryan of Cazenovia, entered into eternal life on Tuesday, May 29, 2018. He was born Dec. 5, 1927, in Alderbrook Park, N.Y., to John and Marguerite (Buckley) Ryan. After serving in the Air Force, he graduated from Manhattan College, did graduate work at NYU, and became a CPA. Ray enjoyed a long and fulfilling professional career at a national accounting firm, where he eventually transferred from Manhattan to Syracuse, became a partner and was active professionally for more than 65 years.
He served on several boards, including Crouse Irving Memorial Hospital, Paul Smith's College, the Hinman Foundation, Cazenovia College and MACNY, as well as committees at St. James Church. He was also a member of the Century Club and Onondaga Country Club. Ray enjoyed the Adirondacks, where he was born the seventh of 13 children. He cherished time spent there, as well as at his beloved log cabin in Quebec, Canada, and his home at Pine Island, Fla. He loved hunting and fishing. a good book, westerns, the opera and fine tobacco. Ray completed many home projects (with some still in the works!) He was a generous man who gave his time mentoring others that had an impact on many. His family remembers him as supportive, loving, contrary, ambitious and giving. They fondly remember many vacations, telling stories around the fire and having “visits” with him. He had an uncommon ability to listen, assess and help his clients and his family. The family will remember him with great fondness and humor.
Ray leaves behind his family, his wife Diane Ryan; his children David (Susan) Ryan of Delaware, Maura (Paul) Ryan/Weithman of Indiana; Raymond (Jill) Ryan and Timothy (Heather) Ryan of Cazenovia, and Kathleen (Joseph) Ryan-O'Neill of Oregon; his grandchildren, Sarah, Mary and David Ryan; Anne and Meggie Weithman; Connor and Liam Ryan; Andrew, Duncan, Tessa, Winston and Dagny Ryan, and three sisters. He was predeceased by his son, John J. Ryan.
Calling hours will be 4 to 7 p.m., Friday, June 1, 2018, at Michael E. Brown Funeral Services, 2333 Fenner Road, Cazenovia. A mass of Christian burial will be celebrated at 11 a.m., Saturday, June 2, 2018, at St. James Church, 6 Green St., Cazenovia. In lieu of flowers, contributions in memory of Mr. Ryan may be made to the Community Action Partnership, 3 E. Main St., Morrisville, NY 13408. To leave a message of sympathy for the Ryan family, please visit michaelebrownfuneralservices.com.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
Several hundred angry protesters demonstrated outside Trump Tower in New York, denouncing US President Donald Trump before his first visit to his Manhattan residence since taking office more than six months ago.After making a brief stop at the White House, the Republican commander-in-chief is scheduled to spend several days in his Manhattan triplex before returning to his golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey to finish out his first summer vacation as president.But in the predominantly Democratic-voting US financial capital, where Trump is hugely unpopular, several hundred protesters descended on Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue until police could clear the sidewalks."Hey, hey! Ho, ho! Trump the racist has to go!" sang the crowd, some holding up giant balloon letters in gold that read: FU TRUMP.""No Trump, no KKK, no Fascist USA!" the group changed."Love, not hate. That's what makes America great!"Dozens of officers stood guard for several blocks. Police detained at least one woman protesting outside the Prada store, as angry demonstrators rounded on those in uniform shouting: "Who do you serve?""I am terrified of what country we've become, the fact that white supremacists, Nazis, anti-Semites feel empowered by our president," said Lynn Gray, 68, who left banking to found her own company."He's destroying everything that our forefathers worked for."Teacher Kevin Gallagher, 61, said he at first gave Trump "a chance" despite his dislike of the Republican."But this week has been truly the lowest of his presidency," Gallagher added. "He needs to see what his fellow citizens think of him."Trump took heat from Democrats and Republicans alike for his initial, subdued response to a deadly weekend rally by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia.Under pressure to explicitly condemn the violence, Trump earlier yesterday denounced racism and slammed the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis as "criminals and thugs.""I came here to be with the people of New York and express our anger," said musician, Ryan Egan, 28, in jeans and a grey T-shirt, who clapped and shouted with the other protesters.Trump previously visited New York in May, for just a few hours, when he dined with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on a decommissioned US warship docked on the Hudson River.The president often says he's not spending much time in New York to avoid paralyzing the city."During the time that I lived in Manhattan, whenever a president came in, it was very disruptive, and I think I'm probably more disruptive than any of them," he said recently.Located on Fifth Avenue, Trump Tower houses offices, apartments and the headquarters of the Trump Organization, as well the president's triplex New York residence at the top of the 68-floor glass tower.It was in the tower's marble lobby that the billionaire real estate developer launched his candidacy for the presidency on June 16, 2015.
A seven-year-old boy was moments from “absolutely catastrophic consequences” when he popped a drug dealer's misplaced ecstasy into his mouth thinking it was a sweet - only to spit it out because it “didn't taste nice”.
Dean Shaw was today (Wednesday) facing a lengthy jail term after his stash was found in potentially fatal circumstances.
A handful of the class A pills inadvertently ended up in a carrier bag containing an iPad at his home in Arbroath.
That was then taken away by a woman and put on her kitchen table.
Her son, who cannot be named for legal reasons, went to play with the iPad and found the stash - and popped one of the yellow, strawberry shaped tablets into his mouth.
But fortunately the youngster spat it out because “it didn't taste nice”.
He went off to play before his mother then entered the kitchen and found the pills strewn across the table.
Fiscal depute Vicki Bell told Dundee Sheriff Court: “She thought they were sweets and noted there were some left in the shopping bag.
“She asked the child about the sweets and he said they were not sweets as he had put one in his mouth and it didn't taste nice so he spat it out.”
Knowing the bag had been in Shaw's home she contacted him.
Miss Bell added: “He didn't know why the tablets were there and stated they were ecstasy.
“The child was taken to Arbroath Minor Injuries Unit and observed but didn't have any symptoms of ingesting the tablets.
“Police were contacted and the accused's address was searched.”
Police found £3691 in cash, cocaine worth up to £9600 on the street and 28 ecstasy tablets worth £10 each.
The prosecutor added: “He told police he didn't know how the tablets got in the bag.
“He said the only explanation was that he had had a party and when people left someone had put them there because they didn't want to take them in to the street.”
Shaw, 27, of Arbroath, pleaded guilty on indictment to charges of being concerned in the supply of cocaine and possessing ecstasy on August 15 last year.
Shaw wiped away tears in the dock as defence solicitor John Hall said: “He profoundly and profusely apologises for this.
“It is not lost on him that there could have been absolutely catastrophic consequences.
“The boy came very close to suffering the ill effects.
“Had it not been for the apparently bad taste he could have suffered absolutely catastrophic consequences.
“He is fully aware that the likely outcome of this case will be a period of custody.”
Mr Hall added: “He has no previous convictions of any description.
“He is a self-employed jewellery designer.
“He previously produced reasonably sought after items of jewellery but has been unable to recently because of a cocaine addiction.
“He was supplying at a lesser level to four or five people who were well known to him.
“This was not bringing him in money - it was simply to allow him to feed his habit.”
Sheriff Lorna Drummond QC deferred sentence until next month for social work background reports and released Shaw on bail meantime.
She said: “It is a serious matter - I don't have to remind you of that.
“Especially in combination with the other offence given the circumstances putting the child at risk.
“These are very serious matters and custody must be at the forefront of the court's mind.”
Bastille are set to return to the Bay Area this Sunday April 23rd & we want to get you into see them in our PlayStation Music Space right here at LIVE105!
Listen to Dallas every night this week to score passes every hour (7PM-Midnight)!.
Be caller 20 at (415)-478-LIVE or (800)-696-1053 when Dallas tells you to be & you're in!
Liverpool have reportedly outlined their intentions to move for Xherdan Shaqiri after the World Cup, according to The Express.
The Reds have allegedly earmarked Swiss forward Xherdan Shaqiri as their top summer transfer targets.
The Merseyside giants will make to Stoke forward their 2nd summer acquisition following the FIFA World Cup.
Liverpool is in the market to re-shape their attacking options in the summer transfer window ahead of next campaign.
The Reds have funds to spend after Philippe Coutinho in a £142m deal from Barcelona in the January transfer window earlier this year.
Shaqiri has been sensational at the World Cup with the winner in a 2-1 win over Serbia to help his side reach the round of 16.
Liverpool have been linked with a £12m swoop to lure the Switzerland international to Anfield from the Potters in the current transfer market.
Shaqiri was unable to help Stoke City avoid relegation but the midfielder isn't expected to remain at the Britannia Stadium.
Comments
comments
The mountain lion known as P-41 National Park Service/Flickr
As L.A.'s population of urban mountain lions remains on thin ice, state parks officials mourned the loss of a rare Verdugo Mountains male known as P-41.
National Park Service officials announced that the mountain lion was found dead near Shadow Hills Wednesday. The cause was unknown; the California Department of Fish and Wildlife was expected to conduct a necropsy. Experts said it's possible the mountain lion died from complications connected to last month's 7,000-acre La Tuna fire.
Researchers believe mountain lions living near brush fires sometimes end up burning their paws on the hot ground, thus losing their ability to hunt, National Park Service public affairs officer Kate Kuykendall said. "We don't know for sure," she said.
P-41 was 10 years old, the upper range of the life span of most big cats in the area known to park officials, she said. The upper limit is about 12. He is known to have fathered two kittens, which were discovered under a parked car in Burbank in 2011, Kuykendall said. There's also an adult female in the area believed to be the mother. It's possible P-41 fathered a few others discovered in the Verdugo Mountains in recent years, but there's no scientific proof because those cats have not been tracked, she said.
The mountain lion's death won't necessarily accelerate the possible extinction of L.A.'s urban cougars, Kuykendall said, particularly given his age. The problem for the 15 or so mountain lions in the area is that they're trapped by freeways.
A multi-institution study last year concluded that the local population could become extinct within 15 years as a result of "inbreeding depression," which causes an isolated group of animals to lose genetic advantages needed to survive as a result of inbreeding.
“P-41 had already overcome a number of challenges to survive in a relatively small home range with habitat fragmented by roads and development,” Jeff Sikich, biologist for Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, said in a statement.
"In an area like Los Angeles, where the population is small, roads make the problem of biodiversity significantly worse," said Eric Abelson, a research wildlife biologist with the U.S. Forest Service's Pacific Southwest Research Station.
Federal officials have tracked P-41 since 2015; they were particularly interested in finding out whether he'd try to cross the 210 freeway to get to the vast San Gabriel Mountains. He never did, according to the parks service. He did, however, cross the 2 freeway to get into the San Rafael Hills, they said.
"It's a unique and cool thing we have high-quality habitat in the second largest city in the nation that can still support these apex predators," Kuykendall said.
The Gombe State Government is to conduct pre-retirement workshop for civil servants due to retire from public service, Malam Adamu Abubakar, the Head of Civil Service, disclosed this in an interview with reporters in Gombe on Friday.
He said that pre-retirement workshop was a key issue since there were opportunities as well as difficulties in life after retirement.
“At the workshop various resource persons will equip the participants with relevant skills and exposure on how to manage their lives after retirement,' he said.
Abubakar said the workshop would be in batches and would commence as soon as funds were made available.
“We had planned the workshop since last year, but lack of funds prevented the conduct.
“Now, there is financial provision for the workshop and we will do it,” he said.
According to him, in 2017 the workshop was conducted for permanent secretaries at Yankari Game Reserves in Bauchi State.
“We are planning also to conduct another workshop for directors of administration in the state,' he said.
He called on the civil servants in the state to continue to put in their best to reciprocate government's gestures.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — The memorial ice rink at Nichols private school in Buffalo is getting a new name. The change comes weeks after an investigation revealed several teachers had inappropriate relationships with students. Hundreds of people signed a petition for the Dann Memorial Ice Rink to be renamed. As of Friday night, the name had already been removed from the building.
It's not clear what the ice rink at Nichols school will be called, but it's no longer known as the ‘Dann Memorial Rink.'
“I think it's paying respect to victims that Nichols has decided to move forward and change the name,” said Pieter Weinrieb, an alum of Nichols school.
Pieter Weinrieb has been pushing for the name change since last month through an online petition. An investigation found that 10 former teachers had inappropriate relationships with students in the past, including E. Webster Dann, the former 8th grade dean.
“I think it's important that the kids don't associate the rink with something like that,” said Weinrieb.
The ice rink wasn't specifically named after E. Webster Dann, but after his ancestors.
“The name is pretty prominent, so it's on the outside of the rink, it's over the snack bar and the fact that Mr. Dann was a teacher there, we always associated the rink with him,” said Weinrieb.
In an email sent to alumni Friday, the Board of Trustees says the Dann family asked to have the name removed from the ice rink.
“I thought it showed a lot of class and concern for the victims and also their love for Nichols,” said Weinrieb.
The board has already approved the name change and the board chairman says in a statement:
“The Board of Trustees approved removing the Dann name from the school's ice rink in the wake of its release Jan. 5 of an independent report about past misconduct involving students. The Dann Family, which has long supported Nichols and its mission, formally requested that the board do so. In light of this request, as well as what the board believed to be in the best interest of the school going forward, the board decided to remove the Dann name from the rink.”
-Jeff Meyer, Nichols School Board of Trustees chairman
“I don't think we should be erasing history but I think we should learn from it and I think that's what Nichols is doing,” said Weinrieb.
There was also an award given to middle school students named the Webster Dann award, the board says that award will no longer be given in his name.
LONDON: Cambridge Analytica claimed on Tuesday (Apr 24) it was "no Bond villain" as it vehemently denied exploiting Facebook users' data for the election campaign of US President Donald Trump.
The marketing analytics firm stressed it had deleted data about Facebook users obtained in breach of the social network's terms of service.
The information had been gathered via a personality prediction app developed by academic Aleksandr Kogan's research firm Global Science Research (GSR).
Cambridge Analytica (CA) insisted it did not use the data during Trump's 2016 campaign and did not support the pro-Brexit side in Britain's referendum on its European Union membership that same year.
Spokesman Clarence Mitchell claimed the company had been portrayed like the enemy in a James Bond film.
"Cambridge Analytica is no Bond villain," he said. "While no laws were broken, we have acknowledged where mistakes have been made."
Advertisement
Advertisement
He convened a press conference in London "to counter some of the unfounded allegations and, frankly, the torrent of ill-informed and inaccurate speculation".
CA suspended chief executive Alexander Nix on Mar 20 after recordings emerged of him boasting that the firm played an expansive role in the Trump campaign, doing all of its research, analytics as well as digital and television campaigns.
In undercover filming captured by Channel 4 television, he is also seen boasting about entrapping politicians and secretly operating in elections around the world through shadowy front companies.
Speaking of Nix, Mitchell said: "At worst he's guilty of over-zealous salesmanship in an attempt to apparently win a contract.
"Staff that saw that were horrified and did not recognise the Cambridge Analytica they worked for."
He said the data CA acquired from GSR was for up to 30 million respondents in the United States only, irrespective of how many GSR was able to get information on.
The data that Kogan managed to collect through the app was tested in 2014 and 2015, before Facebook complained about it, and was "shown to be virtually useless in that it was only just above random guessing, in statistical terms," said Mitchell.
"Cambridge Analytica did not use the data further. The firm did work for Donald Trump for five months."
But, Mitchell insisted: "Any suggestion that the GSR Kogan data was used in that campaign is utterly incorrect. Its effective uselessness had already been identified by then."
Mitchell said CA was "extremely sorry" that it ended up in the possession of data that breached Facebook's terms of service.
On the Brexit referendum, he said CA pitched to Leave.EU, before it lost out on becoming the officially designated Leave campaign, but its bids to them, and to other referendum campaigns, were unsuccessful.
He said an independent investigation into the company, being carried out by a senior lawyer, was close to conclusion.
Kogan, who teaches at Cambridge University, told a British parliamentary committee Tuesday that criticism of his work by Facebook showed the US social media giant was in "PR crisis mode".
Bhubaneswar: The managing director of Shree Baladevjew Infrastructure private limited was arrested by Economic Offences Wing of Odisha Crime Branch on Thursday for land fraud. The officials said, the office was functioning at Phase I in Jagatpur's New Industrial Estate.
The accused, Durga Prasanna Mishra along with other officials collected about Rs 5 crore from at least 200 buyers between 2011 and 2012 on the pretext of providing them flats under their Tulasi Garden project near Manguli.
However, the firm neither executed the deal nor refunded the money to the prospective buyers. One of the buyers, Priyabrata Parida lodged a complaint with the EOW and a case was registered on January 31 under Odisha Protection of Interests of Depositors (in Financial Establishments) Act. “Mishra was arrested on February 1 and produced in a court in Cuttack. Further investigation is on,” an EOW officer said.
(PR NewsChannel) / January 2, 2017 / Daly City, California
With an upcoming publication in the Worldwide Leaders in Healthcare, Deborah L. Rodrigues, MS, BSN, RN, joins the prestigious ranks of the International Nurses Association. Deborah L. Rodrigues is a Registered Nurse with 16 years of experience in her field and an extensive expertise in all facets of nursing. Deborah is currently serving patients as Administrative Director of Acute Care Services within Seton Medical Center in Daly City, California.
Deborah L. Rodrigues' career in nursing began when she graduated with her Associate Degree in Nursing from Evergreen Valley College in San Jose, California. An advocate for continuing education, Deborah went on to obtain her Bachelor of Science Degree in Nursing, and her Master of Science Degree in Nursing Administration from San Jose University.
To keep up to date with the latest advances and developments in the challenging nursing field, Deborah maintains a professional membership with the Emergency Nurses Association and the Association of California Nurse Leaders. She attributes her successful career to the excellent mentors she has had along the way.
Learn more about Deborah L. Rodrigues here: http://inanurse.org/network/index.php?do=/4132794/info/ and be sure to read her upcoming publication in the Worldwide Leaders in Healthcare.
Investment activities in India will pick up as the NPA issue is gradually resolved and earnings will grow to support the market performance and reduce its fragility
By Amit Kapoor
The Indian stock markets seem to be on a steroid-infused dream run. Both the National Stock Exchange's Nifty-50 and the Bombay Stock Exchange's Sensex have surged to record highs almost every day in the last few weeks. The former crossed the 10,000-mark for the first time since its inception two decades ago while the latter breached the 32,000 mark, a lifetime high in itself.
Both of these indices, which represent 50 and 30 of India's largest companies, respectively, are generally seen as the referential guide on the country's business sentiment and economic activity. However, this does not seem to hold true in the current economic scenario.
The stock market is performing exceedingly well despite low investment activity across the country. The problem of rising non-performing assets in banks has been highly inimical to corporate lending and, thus, private investment. The lending situation has worsened to the extent that bank credit increased by merely 5.1 per cent in the fiscal ending March 2017, which has been the lowest since 1951. Likewise, fresh corporate investments during the same period have grown at their slowest pace since 1992. Just going by these factors, it can be said that business sentiment across the country has been at its worst in decades. Therefore, the recent stock market performance seems inexplicable.
The bull run of the stock market is, however, being driven by a few domestic and international factors that are unrelated to real investments. First, as noted in my column last week, Indian households have been displaying a non-linear shift towards savings in financial assets post-demonetization. Mutual funds have emerged as the preferred mode of investment. In fact, net inflows into mutual funds have witnessed an expansion of 155 percent, which is the highest in their history in India. These funds ultimately find their way into the stock markets. Retail investors and high net-worth individuals are also choosing to put their money in financial assets rather than holding cash.
Second, the market performance can also be seen as a positive response to the Goods and Services Tax (GST) that was implemented from July 1. The GST has not impacted corporate earnings for the organized sector as they were paying taxes earlier anyway and the tax slabs have ensured that the tax rate would not vary much from their earlier levels. Moreover, the implementation of GST has unified the Indian states into a common market, making it easier to transport goods across state borders and to do business in general.
Third, on the external front, global investors have regained their faith in the Indian growth story. Foreign direct investment hit an all-time high of $60.1 billion in the last financial year. On the other hand, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) have also recently become bullish on the Indian market. Net FPI inflow, which had been Rs 48,411 crore (more than $7.5 billion) in 2016-17, has already exceeded Rs 1 lakh crore ($15 billion) in the current financial year from April 1.
The faith imposed by foreign investors in the Indian economy has been due to its strong fundamentals and future growth prospects. Inflation has been consistently falling from a high of 12 per cent in 2013 to as low as 2.18 per cent in May 2017. The fiscal deficit has also narrowed to 3.5 per cent of the GDP in 2016-17 from a high of 6.6 per cent in 2009-10. The current account deficit has also been contained at 0.6 per cent. This puts the country's balance sheet in a comfortable zone. With a stable rupee and low oil prices, the situation cannot destabilise any time soon. All these factors have made India an attractive foreign destination compared to other emerging economies.
Nevertheless, the markets are, in fact, overvalued, with the Nifty trading at a price to earnings (PE) ratio of 25.5 when the long-term average is between 17 and 19. The highest PE ratio that the Nifty has ever achieved was 28.5 in February 2000 during the dotcom bubble after which it went into a free fall for the rest of the year, along with the stock markets. Generally, a Nifty PE above 22 is considered overbought. The stocks will maintain their upward trend in the short run as the RBI will expectedly reduce rates this week. A good monsoon will further boost investor sentiment.
However, as only domestic and global liquidity is driving markets and not real investment, stock prices will keep running ahead of their fundamentals. Valuations will get expensive and when earnings will not see commensurate growth, markets will consolidate at a lower level. Therefore, a correction is expected any time soon. That could happen with any trigger on the global or domestic front, ranging from an escalation of the Doklam standoff to an abrupt withdrawal of FPI funds.
Hopefully, before such a situation arises, investment activity will pick up as the NPA issue is gradually resolved and earnings will grow to support the market performance and reduce its fragility. Until then, going forward, investors need to remain cautious on stocks and avoid being driven by animal spirits.
(Author is Chair, Institute for Competitiveness, India. The views expressed above are completely personal)
SINGAPORE: One of Singapore's most talented footballers, Majid Ariff died on Sunday (Feb 4) at the age of 80.
In a Facebook post shared among friends and relatives, his daughter, Watty Majid, said the former national player passed away at 2.45am and that his body will be transported from her home in Tampines to Choa Chu Kang cemetery for the burial on Sunday afternoon.
In a tribute to the late football legend on Facebook, Member of Parliament for Sembawang GRC Amrin Amin, described him as "the finest striker of his generation".
The MP said he visited Mr Majid's family this morning and spoke to his daughter who was also his former colleague.
He noted that Mr Majid was the only Singaporean footballer to have played for the Asian All-Stars in 1966, was an inspiration to budding footballers, including Fandi Ahmad.
Advertisement
Advertisement
PAP Tampines Changkat also conveyed it's "deepest condolences" to his family on Facebook.
"The finest striker of his generation, Majid Ariff is considered one of the most talented footballers Singapore has ever produced. He was very passionate about the sport and was more than willing to share his passion and skills with the younger generation. His legacy will always be remembered," the post said.
by Sam Clanton
ROGERSVILLE, Mo. – MoDOT is replacing deteriorating drain pipes underneath Webster and Christian County Route VV near Rogersville, resulting in temporary closures next (this) week.
The project begins Tuesday from Pine Ridge Boulevard to Farm Road 186, with the work shifting to the area between Farm Roads 186 and 194 on Wednesday.
On Thursday, crews will focus on the area between Farm Road 194 and Hedgpeth Road, and on Friday, the work zone will run from Hedgpeth Road to Route U.
The work is scheduled to take place from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. daily, with the roadway reopening to traffic at night.
Drivers will need to find an alternate route around the closings. Motorists will be able to access driveways and other entrances on either side of the closings, but will not be allowed to travel through the work zones.
Reading some of the reactions to Raabta on social media, one can't help but wonder if there is even a connection between Sushant Singh Rajput and the word 'stardom.'
Released on the heels of a 100-cr box-office smash M.S. Dhoni- The Untold Story, Raabta was supposed to be one that filled a huge blank in the up and coming new age star Rajput's filmography, but the supposedly 'full-filmy love saga' is an unmitigated disaster that couldn't even survive the opening weekend.
Ever since his debut in Kai Po Che!, Rajput, a former television sensation, was hailed as one of the next generation film stars poised for greatness. In a relatively short span of time, Rajput has managed to create a special place for himself in addition to being a part of some truly remarkable projects whose box office performance didn't rock the boat. And while all is not lost, yet, for Rajput the manner in which Raabta shaped up and shipped out makes one ponder if, well, Rajput's 'got it' at all.
Despite a remarkable debut in Kai Po Che! (2013) and associating with one of the biggest production houses in India, Yash Raj Films (YRF) — where he featured in the urban romance, Suddh Desi Romance (2013) — Rajput preferred to remain understated.
He has always been über selective when it came to picking up roles - in the four years that he has been in the film industry, he has done only five films - and has been extremely choosy when it comes to working with directors.
He readily lapped up Detective Byomkesh Bakshy! (2015) or a small(er) part in P.K. (2014) to perhaps work with Dibakar Banerjee and Rajkumar Hirani respectively, and signed on to play the lead in Shekhar Kapur's 'forever-in-the-making' Paani. He didn't mind letting go of opportunities that came his way in the one-year he practically took off to prepare for Paani and later regretted that the film never took off. Did Paani getting shelved, this time by Yash Raj Films and Aditya Chopra as the producers, adversely impacted Rajput to have finally “opted out” of the production house? We can never really tell.
Following the release of Befikre, Rajput made a statement saying that had he been offered the film directed by Chopra and featuring Ranveer Singh as the lead, he would have refused it. In an interview given to a newspaper Rajput said that unfortunately the film didn't represent “the new-age youth of India and romance as what it was claiming.”
In what appeared to be a dig at Chopra, Rajput even added, “it's extremely important to know and then claim what you have made.” Was Rajput somewhere 'forced' by YRF to do Paani? This is a film that once upon a time featured an unknown cast, then Vivek Oberoi was slated to do the film, later Hrithik Roshan was said to be the new lead and it is now being said that Paani will be made in 'Hollywood.'
The failure of Raabta would have been a bigger blow than what it appears had there been greater expectations from it. Of course, the film was the next release of a star that had delivered a 100 cr. hit in M.S. Dhoni- The Untold Story but the general buzz around the film was perfunctory. In some oblique manner, it reflected the reason why Rajput would have opted for this rather typical Hindi film.
The bouquet of films that Rajput has been associated with since he transitioned from television to films includes almost every single genre besides a standard Hindi romance. In a way, Raabta, at least on paper, held the same promise as a Ghajini for an Aamir Khan as action was the only genre missing from his body of work, or a comedy like Mr. & Mrs. Khiladi (1997) for the then action star Akshay Kumar.
The unequivocal misfire Raabta was an effort on Rajput's part to probably check a box and despite being a failure, Rajput should not cease to experiment with roles; Khan had previously tried action with Daulat Ki Jung (1992) and Aatank Hi Aatank (1995) before Ghajini hit bull's eye and Kumar, too, didn't let the ill-fated Mr. & Mrs. Khiladi stop him from getting on with an Hera-Pheri (2000) and even transform into a comic star.
Indian shuttlers Kidambi Srikanth and HS Prannoy moved into the second round while B. Sai Praneeth bowed out of the Indonesia Open Superseries Premier badminton tournament on Wednesday.
In a gruelling 56-minute battle, Srikanth edged past Wong Wing Ki Vincent of Hong Kong 21-15, 17-21, 21-16, while in a contrasting match, Prannoy outplayed his Indonesian opponent Anthony Sinisuka Ginting 21-13, 21-18. It was the end of the road for Sai Praneeth as he lost to second seed Son Wan-ho of South Korea in straight games 21-14, 21-18.
In a marathon match, Srikanth started on a positive note, winning the first game. But soon the Guntur player lost his momentum and lost the second game. In the decider, Srikanth played to his strength and displayed some brilliant shots to prevail over his opponent.
In the other match, it was a cake walk for Prannoy as his opponent Ginting never looked in the contention. The Indian shuttler dominated throughout the match and ended up clinching the game.
In men's' doubles category, Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty were thrashed by Fajar Alfian and Muhammad Rian Ardianto of Indonesia 9-21, 19-21 and crashed out of the prestigious tournament.
Womens' doubles a pair of Ashwini Ponnappa and N. Sikki Reddy also showed a dismal performance and bowed out of the meet. The Indian pair were beaten by Dian Fitriani and Nadya Melati of Indonesia 21-19, 19-21, 13-21 in a match which lasted more than one hour.
On Thursday afternoon, the Indians left in the fray in the singles events will present their credentials for claiming quarter-final berths. Prannoy will clash with top-ranked Lee Chong Wei, while Srikanth takes on Jorgensen. Saina Nehwal will cross swords with Thailand's Nitchaon Jindapol, while PV Sindhu will play an evening match against Chinese-American Zhang Beiwen. The Indian doubles teams will no doubt watch from the sidelines, and cheer on their compatriots in the arena.
DONALD Trump could order his military to “incinerate” North Korea if “lunatic” Kim Jong-un launched a nuclear attack, an ex-Royal Navy officer has suggested.
GETTY WW3: Trump could order his military to “incinerate” North Korea if Kim Jong-un attacked
The growing threat of North Korea's nuclear capabilities was today laid bare during a presentation by former Royal Navy Rear Admiral Chris Parry at the annual RUSI Missile Defence Conference in London. In his speech, Mr Parry, a strategic risk expert and government advisor, laid bare the security and military implications of North Korea supreme leader Kim Jong-un possessing nuclear weapons. He recalled threats made by North Korea in September 2017 to detonate a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific Ocean in response to Trump's talk of military action. Kim's plans for retaliation “could probably mean the strongest hydrogen bomb test over the Pacific Ocean”, North Korea's foreign ministry Ri Yong Ho said.
GETTY REBEL: Kim has ripped up the post-Cold War rule book on international nuclear weapons policy
The explosive rhetoric from Pyongyang came after Trump threatened to “totally destroy” North Korea in an apocalyptic speech to the UN General Assembly. The situation has calmed down since, with both leaders expected to meet in Singapore on June 12 in what would be the first ever summit between a US president and a North Korean leader. Nevertheless, Mr Parry told the RUSI conference that Kim has overturned decades of policy in relation to nuclear and missile engagement strategy. Kim has ripped up the post-Cold War rule book on international nuclear weapons policy by being prepared to use them as “war fighting weapons”, he said.
Russia readies for WAR with missile launches from beneath White Sea This is the most powerful weapons test from a single submarine since the Cold War 1 / 7 MoD/east2west news Three of Russia's warships use the missiles - one in the Northern Fleet and two in the Pacific
He said: “More and more now, the one place you might get away with using a nuclear weapon is at sea. “So, let's think what the White House would do if a carrier battle group had a nuclear device detonated on top of it. “Do you incinerate Pyongyang as a result? “Some of our fundamental assumptions about using nuclear weapons, about ballistic missiles themselves are coming under threat.”
TWITTER THREAT: Former Royal Navy chief Chris Parry said Trump could “incinerate” North Korea
Ranch Hand Looking for full time ranch hand on 650 pair cow/calf operation ...
Truck Drivers Two Full-Time Truck Drivers For Performance Plus Trucking in Sterling, CO ...
Ranch Hand Wanted RANCH HAND WANTED SEEKING FULL-TIME RANCH HAND FOR COW/CALF OPERATION...
Ranch Hand Positions Ranch Hand Position Iron Mountain Cattle Company, a cow/calf ...
Crop/Cattle Position -HELP WANTED- Seeking Individual with livestock handling and ag related ...
Ranch Position Western South Dakota Near Red Owl Cow/Calf Operation ...
Sales Talent Seeking Sales Talent The Fence Post is recruiting for a new team member ...
Ranch Manager Wanted Iron Mountain Ranch in Cheyenne, WY. Position ...
Opening Available on a Diversified Livestock Operation in Western Nebraska...
Hay/Cattle Ranch Job Hay/Cattle Ranch Job Full-Time Year-Round Good hours. Duties to include: ...
Ranch Help Full-Time Ranch Help Wanted On family operation in Western SD. ...
Experienced Millwright Devils Tower Forest Products, Inc., a lumber manufacturer in Hulett, WY, ...
Feed Truck Driver Help Wanted Pen Rider/ Feed Truck Driver Benefits include health insurance...
Cow/Calf Position AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY COW/CALF OPERATION POSITION Must have a ...
By Kamara Osman Faisal, GNA
Bole (NR), July 4, GNA - The women's wing of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) in the Bole-Bamboi constituency in the Northern Region, has called on President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo to dismiss demands from some individuals to remove the District Chief Executive (DCE) of the area.
The group said, the DCE has constantly maintained the needed rapport between party executives as well as party faithfuls and therefore, all speculations and lies levied against the DCE must be dismissed as contained in a petition to the president.
Madam Mariam Mahama, Convener of the Concerned NPP women's wing, who addressed a press conference in Bole said, “The DCE is a courteous person who has a track record of respect for all”.
She said “We also call on the president to see the agitations of those individuals as a fight against feminism, which is against our laws as a country”.
A group of faceless individuals belonging to the NPP in an alleged petition written to President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo seeking the dismissal of the DCE Madam Veronica Alele Herming, on the count of the following allegations.
The petition among others against the DCE are that she does not attend social functions including funerals, naming ceremonies and for failing to attend the party executive meetings as well as disregards for traditional authority.
GNA
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
SINGAPORE: The Government has identified three HDB blocks at MacPherson Lane for the Selective En bloc Redevelopment Scheme (SERS).
The Housing and Development Board (HDB) said in a press release on Thursday (May 31) that the blocks 81 to 83 comprise 313 sold flats, which are about 50 years old.
Advertisement
Under SERS, the residents of these blocks will move to new replacement flats, sited in a nearby location.
HDB will build new flats, ranging from 2-room Flexi flats to 5-room flats at Circuit Road, as replacement flats for the residents. These new flats are estimated to be completed in the second quarter of 2023, HDB added.
"The replacement flats are located near the MacPherson MRT Station (interchange station for Circle Line and Downtown Line) and Pan Island Expressway. There are shops and eateries nearby, such as the Circuit Road Food Centre and the MacPherson Market and Food Centre. Paya Lebar Square is a few minutes' drive away. In addition, residents can enjoy recreational activities at the nearby MacPherson Community Club," the press release said.
The project comprises three 17/19-storey residential blocks, offering about 630 units of 2-room Flexi, 3-room, 4-room and 5-room flats. (Image: HDB)
Advertisement
Advertisement
The SERS plan will also involve 27 sold shops and 2 eating houses at Blocks 81 to 83 MacPherson Lane.
According to HDB, the owners of these commercial properties will be given compensation based on the market value of their units at the time of the SERS announcement.
They may opt to buy a new unit on a 30-year lease based on selling prices fixed at market value as at the time of the SERS announcement, rent a new unit based on the prevailing market rent at the time of letting, or choose not to take up a new unit and receive an ex-gratia payment pegged at 10 per cent of the market value of the existing unit, the press release added.
HDB said it will inform all SERS flat owners and commercial property owners individually of these plans. They will also be invited to a SERS exhibition which will be held from Jun 2 to Jun 4.
According to the HDB, SERS projects are aimed at rejuvenating older HDB estates. Minister for National Development Lawrence Wong wrote in a blog post in March that SERS "as the name implies is selective".
"It is only offered to HDB blocks located in sites with high redevelopment potential. These are typically sites where the land has not been well utilised. It is also subject to the availability of suitable replacement sites for residents and the Government's financial resources," he said.
Mr Wong added that only four per cent of HDB flats have been identified for SERS since it was launched in 1995 and authorities continue to maintain strict selection criteria for the scheme.
France defender Adil Rami is revelling in his role as team joker even though he has had no playing time at the World Cup in Russia.
ISTRA, Russia: France defender Adil Rami is revelling in his role as team joker even though he has had no playing time at the World Cup in Russia.
Rami believes he still has a vital role to play although he is unlikely to line up against Uruguay in Friday's quarter-final in Nizhny Novgorod.
Advertisement
"My role is to try to bring positive waves to the team. I also bring my qualities, my character, my mental strength," he told a news conference at the French training base outside of Moscow on Wednesday.
"I try to make youngsters in the squad understand that talent is not enough and that we will need to be ready to suffer and to fight."
The 32-year-old is one of just three players in the 23-man squad yet to be fielded in the tournament by coach Didier Deschamps.
"For a defender, it's always difficult to break into the team, especially if the defence is doing well," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"But I'm fine, I'm not frustrated, I see the positive of my situation. In a country of 66-million people, I am one of 23 selected to go to the World Cup.
"It's a great opportunity and before every game, I hope with all my heart that Raph (Varane) and Sam (Umtiti) do not have any problems.
"It's no matter if I don't get any playing time. If we go through to the end of the tournament, I will be as delighted as the others. I do not have to be moody."
Rami said team spirit was high as France prepared to travel to the match venue.
"I have rarely liked a bunch of players as much. I worry about saying that because there could be a boomerang if we lose.
"What is great about this squad is that there are experienced players as well as very young players. Yet there are no clans. We all get along with each other. The older ones joke with the youngsters. There is respect but no barriers," he added.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Nizhny Novgorod; Editing by Christian Radnedge)
“Remember your oath as minister. What have the minorities in India got to do with minorities of ‘other' countries. It is the Constitution which guarantees rights to its citizens,” Owaisi tweeted.
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak, it wasn't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out.
SERIES
NCIS James Morrison (“24”) guest stars as an senator protected by Sloane and Torres (Maria Bello, Wilmer Valderrama) during a holiday-season trip to Afghanistan. Due to a medical emergency the group tries to get back to the U.S. as quickly as possible. Jonathan Kite (“2 Broke Girls”) also guest stars. Mark Harmon and Pauley Perrette star. 8 p.m. CBS
The Middle Mike (Neil Flynn) isn't happy when his inflatable snowman becomes a target of repeated vandalism. Brick (Atticus Shaffer) tackles one of the major challenges of the holiday season: wrapping a gift. Guest star Jen Ray returns. Charlie McDermott, Patricia Heaton and Eden Sher also star. 8 p.m. ABC
Lethal Weapon Just when Murtaugh (Damon Wayans Sr.) is about to leave for a Hawaiian holiday vacation with his family, he and Riggs (Clayne Crawford) are called to investigate the murder of someone Murtaugh knew well in the show's midseason finale. Kristen Gutoskie and Rex Linn continue their guest roles, and Martin Donovan also guest stars. Jordana Brewster also stars. 8 p.m. Fox
Finding Your Roots Musician Questlove (“The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon”), Dr. Phil McGraw and journalist Charlayne Hunter-Gault learn about their family histories in this new episode. 8 p.m. KOCE
Bull A youngster (guest star Annabelle Wachtel) who wants to be emancipated from her parents seeks Bull's (Michael Weatherly) help but they are in for a surprise when the court orders him to be her temporary guardian. Geneva Carr, Freddy Rodriguez and Jaime Lee Kirchner also star and Gary Wilmes guest stars. 9 p.m. CBS
black-ish Dre (Anthony Anderson) learns he has Type 2 diabetes, and is determined to conquer his condition on his own, right after his office's holiday party. Miles Brown, Marcus Scribner and Marsai Martin. 9 p.m. ABC
Brooklyn Nine-Nine Rosa (Stephanie Beatriz) wants Jake (Andy Samberg) to help break some big news to her parents (guest stars Danny Trejo and Olga Merediz), but her family gets the wrong impression. Andre Braugher also stars and Paul Adelstein (“Prison Break”) guest stars. 9 p.m. Fox
Major Crimes Sharon (Mary McDonnell) faces a health setback as the squad investigates the mysterious death of a second woman related to the Tackles case in this new episode. 9 p.m. TNT
The Mayor “It's a Wonderful Life” for Courtney (Brandon Micheal Hall), who follows in the footsteps of many other television characters who have re-created that movie's theme, in this new holiday episode. Lea Michele and Yvette Nicole Brown also star. 9:30 p.m. ABC
NCIS: New Orleans Former mayor Hamilton (guest star Steven Weber) schemes to get released from prison but Pride (Scott Bakula) is determined to not let that happen. Chelsea Field, Bakula's real-life wife, and Nina Lisandrello continue their recurring guest roles. Stacy Keach also guest stars. 10 p.m. CBS
Chicago Med This new episode adds a major wrinkle to the shooting of Dr. Charles (Oliver Platt) when he discovers a troubling fact about the man who shot him. Also, a cheating husband's medical condition puts Will and Natalie (Nick Gehlfuss, Torrey DeVitto) in a tough spot. 10 p.m. NBC
The Long Road Home Sgt. Eric Bourquin's (Jon Beavers) struggles to signal helicopters while the ammunition inside the Iraqi house dwindles in this new episode. 10 p.m. National Geographic
The Hunt for the Zodiac Killer Sal and Ken investigate San Francisco, the epicenter of the Zodiac Killer murders, while a member of the Code Team claims to have the Zodiac's infamous Z340 code. 10:03 p.m. History
SPECIALS
Greatest Holiday Commercials Countdown 2017 This new edition of the annual special takes “The 12 Days of Christmas” as its approach, with one commercial representing each day. Kevin Frazier and Keltie Knight return as hosts. 8 p.m. KTLA
Gwen Stefani's You Make It Feel Like Christmas Guests in this new holiday special include Seth MacFarlane, Chelsea Handler, Ne-Yo, Ken Jeong and Blake Shelton – Stefani's significant other. 9 p.m. NBC
TALK SHOWS
CBS This Morning Mark Weinberger; Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks. (N) 7 a.m. KCBS
Today Tommy Mottola; Thalia Sodi; Rossen Reports; children and anxiety; hassle-free holidays. (N) 7 a.m. KNBC
KTLA Morning News (N) 7 a.m. KTLA
Good Morning America Matt Damon; Seth Rogen; Brett Eldredge performs. (N) 7 a.m. KABC
Good Day L.A. Filmmaker Brian Fogel (“Icarus”); Dave Dettman; Nasiba Adilova, the Tot Sheila E; Jake Miller performs. (N) 7 a.m. KTTV
Megyn Kelly Today Band Clean Bandit. (N) 9 a.m. KNBC
Live With Kelly and Ryan Matt Damon (“Downsizing”); Noah Schnapp (“Stranger Things”). (N) 9 a.m. KABC
The View Jimmy Fallon. (N) 10 a.m. KABC
The Wendy Williams Show Antonio and Terricka Cromartie (“The Cromarties”); Gesine Bullock-Prado (“Baked in Vermont”). (N) 11 a.m. KTTV
The Talk Niecy Nash; Walker Hayes performs; Scott Wolf. (N) 1 p.m. KCBS
The Dr. Oz Show Sexual harassment: Barbara Corcoran (“Shark Tank”). Missing African American children. (N) 1 p.m. KTTV
The Doctors Author's struggle with addiction; sugar dangers; an app to detect cancer; keeping hands from aging. (N) 2 p.m. KCBS
Steve Bill Pullman (“The Ballad of Lefty Brown”); T.D. Jakes. (N) 2 p.m. KNBC
Harry (N) 2 p.m. KTTV
Rachael Ray Gail Simmons (“Top Chef”); Jason Mraz performs. (N) 2 p.m. KCOP
Dr. Phil A suburban family say their teen daughter's criminal behavior is out of control. (N) 3 p.m. KCBS
The Ellen DeGeneres Show Dwayne Johnson (“Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle”). (N) 3 p.m. KNBC
The Real Ballet dancer Misty Copeland (“The Nutcracker”). (N) 3 p.m. KTTV
SoCal Connected Does the Los Angeles bail system make the price of freedom too high? California condors came back from the brink of extinction but there are concerns for their well being; an Islamic school in South L.A. is determined to renew and restore its neighborhood. 8 p.m. KCET
Amanpour on PBS 11 p.m. KVCR
Tavis Smiley (N) 11 p.m. KOCE
The Daily Show (N) 11 p.m. Comedy Central
Getty Images
A 13-7 game between the mediocre Bills and the worse-than-mediocre Colts? Awful.
Add snow? Awesome.
That's all I could think as I sat in my comfy living room, with my Sunday Ticket package and my four TVs, and I kept finding myself turning the biggest screen to that Bills-Colts game, even as I probably should have been paying more attention to games that had more of an impact on the playoff race.
But snow football is so fun. Fun has too often been lacking in the NFL this season, but there's just something so beautiful about seeing players make plays on a white field, looking more like kids in the backyard on a snow day than like highly paid professionals. Sure, the two teams combined to complete just 18 of 38 passes, but that's part of the fun: It was like a throwback to the good old days.
Also making it feel like a throwback to the good old days were a couple of running backs lumbering through the snow. Both the Colts' Frank Gore and the Bills' LeSean McCoy had career highs in carries, with Gore going for 130 yards on 36 carries, while McCoy ran for 158 yards on 32 carries, the 32nd of which was the game-winning touchdown in overtime.
McCoy may be the best snow runner the NFL has ever seen. In a previous game played in a blizzard, four years ago in Philadelphia, McCoy single-handedly led the Eagles to a victory over the Lions by gaining 217 yards, including fourth-quarter touchdown runs of 57 and 40 yards. On that day, everyone else looked stuck in the snow, while McCoy looked like he was gliding on top of it.
Yesterday, the Colts and Bills delivered a delightful game. Along with the Army-Navy Game a day earlier, also in heavy snow, it was exactly what football should be. Here's hoping that winter is coming to the NFL for the rest of the season.
Here are my other thoughts from Sunday:
We may have just seen the last nail in Marvin Lewis's coffin. It's one thing to lose. It's another thing to get utterly humiliated on your home field by a bad team. The latter is what happened to the Bengals yesterday in their 33-7 loss to the Bears. Lewis has been the Bengals' coach since 2003 and turned them around from a time when they were generally considered the NFL's worst franchise. But he still hasn't won a playoff game, and now he's won just 10 of his last 27 games. I think this may be Lewis's last season in Cincinnati.
What's going on in Houston? Texans quarterback Tom Savage returned to yesterday's game after suffering a nasty hit to the head that left him clearly not all there. He was eventually pulled from the game with a concussion, but why was he allowed to keep playing at all? The Texans also sent Savage back into a game after he suffered a concussion last season. The NFL must launch an investigation of the Texans and the independent neurologist who cleared Savage to return to the game. This can't keep happening.
Derek Carr doesn't look like a $125 million quarterback. Carr has struggled all season after signing a five-year, $125 million contract this offseason, and the Raiders' loss to the Chiefs yesterday may have been Carr's worst game yet. Against a bad Chiefs defense that was playing without top cornerback Marcus Peters, Carr threw two interceptions and was terrible for three quarters until finally putting up some numbers in garbage time. When a team sinks the kind of salary cap space in a player that the Raiders have sunk into Carr, that player absolutely must produce. Carr is not producing.
Josh Gordon is the Browns' best player. Gordon, the wide receiver who missed nearly three years because of drug suspensions, has made an instant impact on the offense since his return last week, making plays no other Brown can make. Which is both a reminder of his incredible talent and an indictment of the Browns' personnel moves in the time Gordon has been gone.
Jimmy Garoppolo is something special. Garoppolo, who was sent from New England to San Francisco just before the NFL's trade deadline, has played very well considering how little time he's had to learn a new offense. He has 627 passing yards in two starts, and he appears to be in complete command of the offense. The 49ers were 1-10 before Garoppolo became their starting quarterback and are 3-10 now. I have a feeling that a few years from now, we're going to say the 49ers got a steal when they traded a second-round draft pick for Garoppolo.
Monaco: One of the world's all-time greatest sprinter Usain Bolt won the prestigious Laureus World Sports Person for the year 2016-17 by defying the likes of footballer Christiano Ronaldo and NBA great LeBron James.
In the women category gymnast Simone Biles clinched the top honour during a showstopper ceremony here at the birthplace of the first ever Laureus award 17 years ago.
The 1.93 metre tall Jamaican won the award for the record equaling fourth time having clinched the so called ‘Oscar of Sports' award in 2009, '10 and ‘13.
In a rather humourous way Bolt accepted the award from the legendary sprinter Michael Johnson saying that he was sorry for breaking people's records.
The most decorated Olympian Michael Phelps bagged the Comeback of the Year Award for his return to the pool during last year's Rio games where he notched up five more gold medals to his already impressive record.
Formula One champion Nico Roseberg claimed the ‘Breakthrough of the Year' award. After two years of painful loss of formula one championships, Nico could finally place his hand on the elusive trophy beating his teammate and rival Lewis Hamilton during 2016 championships.
Besides, Chicago Clubs' first Major League Baseball World Series title in more than a century saw them clinching the ‘Team of the Year' Award.
Some environmentalists on Monday called on the government to ban the use of polythene bags to safeguard the environment and health of the citizens.
They, however, advocated the use of biodegradable products as an environmentally-friendly solution to polythene bags.
According to the experts, polythene bags are non-biodegradable and it takes about 400 years to decompose.
Mr Temitope Ogunweide, an ecologist and co-founder of Clean Edge limited, said the use plastic bags had been accepted in the country, adding that the effect could be dangerous to the environment.
“We see a lot of activities carried out with the use of plastic bags; there is also need to consider the negative impact they have on the environment.
“When people go to shopping malls, they used plastic bags to pack the items because of convenience.
“This trend has become part of us but the convenience of these bags come at a very high cost to the environment and health,” he said.
Ogunweide urged Nigeria to emulate countries like China, France, Italy and Rwanda in ban of plastic as he highlighted the negative impact of plastic on marine life.
“Most of these bags end up in the bottom of the oceans because they are petroleum based band and they do not degrade.
“Currently there are approximately between 46,000 and 1,000,000 plastic fragments floating within every square mile of the globes' oceans.
“The huge amount of plastics in the ocean has a side effect on the marine life such as sea turtles and fish,” he said.
The expert said recycling of plastic in Nigeria had not been effective, calling for the effective recycling of plastics waste.
“We have had many people advocating for recycling of plastics but most recycling plants do not have the capacity to recycle plastics in Nigeria.
“But we must consider the effect plastic products have on our health, plastic bags contain some pollutants such as polychlorinated biphenyl and Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, which are hormone disrupting.
“It can lead to cancer in humans or some other serious health challenges,” Ogunweide said.
Mrs Candida Nworah, an environmental consultant, called for the gradual ban of plastic bags despite its negative effect.
Nworah said the ban was necessary but advised that it should follow a gradual process.
According to her, the process of banning plastic goes beyond a one-year timeline, adding that it may take some years to complete the process.
“Plastic is dangerous because it is non-biodegradable. Some plastics manufactured centuries ago are still in existence and we keep producing more.
Nworah called for the sensitisation of Nigerians on the health implication of plastic bags and products as well a provision of an alternative to plastic products before the ban.
“We need to educate people at the grassroots and also at the top echelon of society on the non-biodegradable nature of plastic and also create an alternative before the ban.
“After you sensitise people on the dangers of plastic, you also need to create viable and feasible alternative.
“This alternative has to be established before the ban,” she said.
By Abby Hassler
Friday night (April 14), Lorde held a surprise performance at Pappy & Harriet's, a small western-themed bar 20 miles outside of Coachella, where she debuted new music, including a song called “Sober” from her upcoming album.
The show was the singer's first live performance in two years and only about 300 fans were at the event. The setlist for this show included “Homemade Dynamite,” but it was crossed off and not performed.
Related: Watch Lorde as a Hard-Rocking 12-Year-Old
However, two days later, Lorde took the main stage at Coachella and performed both “Sober” and “Homemade Dynamite.” Her new album, Melodrama, is scheduled for release June 16.
Lorde's Coachella setlist:
LAHORE, Dec 11 (APP):Pakistan Cricket Board on Monday clarified
some reports in the media regarding the ongoing meetings on the new proposed ICC International Cricket Structures and the effect of these on the ICC Future Tours Programme with specific reference to Pakistan v India Series.
“Since the onset of these discussions, PCB has reiterated its
position on bilateral series vs India. Our position is that PCB's
agreement to the revised structures for international cricket is
subject to the condition that PCB has a valid agreement to play
bilateral matches with India and India vs Pakistan matches would
be included in the FTP. This continues to be our position”, said
a spokesman of the PCB here.
He said the PCB has also informed the ICC that it has initiated
a dispute resolution process against the BCCI under the ICC Dispute Resolution Committee Terms of Reference. Further to that the PCB's
claim is based on an existing agreement with the BCCI which contemplates that India will tour Pakistan in December 2019, August 2020 and
Nov – Dec 2022 and Pakistan will tour India in Nov – Dec 2021.
“Under the prevailing circumstances, it is PCB's position that
if the Dispute Resolution Committee decides the dispute in PCB's
favour then any FTP will need to be adjusted to reflect the decision.
Any agreement of the PCB to any new FTP structure will therefore be
without prejudice to its existing claims against BCCI and will be
subject to the outcome of the ICC dispute resolution process”,
he added.
The Inverted Tree Yogi is rooted in the belief that both in yoga and in our daily lives we benefit by moving our roots, gaining new perspectives and nourishing that which is essential to us.
Theresa Govert is a yoga instructor and feminist activist based out of East Haddam, CT. She is a Registered Yoga Teacher (RYT) with Yoga Alliance and is insured with Alliant Insurance Services, Inc. She has studied and practiced meditation and yoga in the USA and Southern Africa and completed her 200 hour yoga teacher training in Rishikesh, India at Rishikesh Yog Peeth. Along with group classes and individual sessions, Theresa leads workshops bringing together yoga, feminism & activism and yoga hikes.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Q: Our neighbor's kids, who don't have access to computers, video games or other technology, spend a lot of time playing together outdoors. How can we wean our own kids from their screens without causing a family rebellion?
A: You're facing a real challenge that has crept up on parents in the last decade or so. Once the argument was simply about getting kids to turn off the TV. Today, though, an array of devices effortlessly capture our children's — and let's be honest, our own — time and attention.
When the Kaiser Family Foundation conducted a study about screen time six years ago, the results were eye-opening. Its research showed that children between the ages of 8 and 18 spend more than 7½ hours each day in front of screens of one kind or another. And that didn't include the use of a computer for homework.
Why is this a problem? Children who spend that much time immobilized in front of a screen, whether it's the TV, a computer, smartphone or video game console, are at significantly greater risk of obesity. There is evidence that kids who play a lot of video games are more likely to display aggressive behavior. Sleep problems due to sustained screen use are common. And a preference for the immersive world of a tech device over the companionship of siblings or friends can lead to antisocial behavior.
So how do you win the battle for your kids' attention? The biggest challenge may be that, first, you need to set a good example. How many times have you driven by a playground and seen parents completely absorbed in their smartphones? If the tug of the screen is difficult for an adult to resist, imagine its effect on young and malleable minds.
Begin by setting strict guidelines for yourself and following them. Once you've got your own screen time under control, you're on solid footing to address your children's habits.
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends no media use for children younger than 18 to 24 months old. One hour per day of high-quality programming is deemed to be OK for children 2 to 5 years old. Although the academy no longer makes a specific recommendation regarding kids 6 and older, two hours per day of screen time is a reasonable goal.
For best results, start with a family discussion. Tell your children what you're doing and why. Explain that they will sleep better, have more energy and will have time for other activities.
Create screen time limits and take a few weeks to ease into them. Tapering off will allow your family to work together toward a common goal.
Although it may be rough going at first, by helping your kids to look away from their screens, you're giving them a real and loving gift.
ASK THE DOCTORS is written by Robert Ashley, M.D., Eve Glazier, M.D., and Elizabeth Ko, M.D. Send questions to askthedoctors@
mednet.ucla.edu, or write: Ask the Doctors, c/o Media Relations, UCLA Health, 924 Westwood Blvd., Suite 350, Los Angeles, CA, 90095.
YouTube will start labeling videos it identifies as coming from state-funded broadcasters starting today. Under the changes, PBS, for example, would carry a label that states it's a “publicly funded American broadcaster.” The move will affect a variety of sources and is designed to curb the spread of misinformation. The label will also link to the news publisher's Wikipedia page. “We're rolling out this feature to viewers in the US for now, and we don't expect it to be perfect,” YouTube said in a blog post.
Of particular note, the changes will affect RT. YouTube has become a major platform for the Russian state news organization, and under the new policy, RT's videos would have a clarifying label that states, “RT is funded in whole or in part by the Russian government.”
RT claims it is the most-watched news channel on YouTube, with over 5 billion combined views based on its 20 or so channels including RT America and RT Sport. RT has been described as Russia's English-language propaganda outlet that aggressively pushes a pro-Kremlin perspective. US officials have also reportedly accused the network of helping swing the 2016 US election.
On top of the new labels, YouTube may also make changes to address conspiracy theory videos. YouTube chief product officer Neal Mohan told The Wall Street Journal that the platform might begin to show relevant videos from credible news sources next to clips hawking conspiracy theories. The Journal says the change is still early in development so there's no clear indication of how this might work or when it'll roll out.
Mohan told the Journal his team had worked to improve YouTube as a platform where users can get news. It also works with the Google News division to select an “ever-changing list of authoritative news sources.”
“The principle here is to provide more information to our users, and let our users make the judgment themselves, as opposed to us being in the business of providing any sort of editorial judgment on any of these things ourselves,” he said. YouTube previously changed its search algorithms to display more reliable and trustworthy sources after a mass shooting in Las Vegas led to a spike in misinformation and hateful content. It's far from the only platform dealing with issues of misinformation and Russian propaganda, however.
In October of last year, Twitter banned two media outlets with ties to the Russian government from its ad system, while Facebook apologized for allowing Russians to buy election ads. Google has also bumped heads with Russia over suggestions that the search engine would downrank results from government-funded media outlets RT and Sputnik.
REUTERS: Mapping startup Mapbox Inc said on Wednesday it is teaming up with Microsoft Corp, Intel Corp and Softbank Group Corp's ARM Holdings chip unit to deepen its push into providing maps for self-driving cars.
Mapbox does not make a mapping app itself. It instead competes against Alphabet Inc's Google Maps and HERE Technologies, the map firm owned by a group of companies, to provide the underlying maps inside of other apps. Mapbox maps are found in Snap Inc's messaging app and the Instacart grocery delivery app.
Advertisement
But the Washington, D.C.-founded startup, which has raised about US$228 million from Softbank's Vision Fund, DFJ Growth and others, has been pushing into providing tools for software developers who are making the software for self-driving cars.
"Our main focus has been in making maps for humans," Chief Executive Officer Eric Gundersen told Reuters in an interview. But maps for self-driving cars are read by the cars' computers and need more detailed data, he said.
At an event it held for software developers in San Francisco on Wednesday, Mapbox announced a handful of partnerships designed to make its technology more useful for self-driving cars.
One of Mapbox's products is software that lets either a mobile phone or a car's computer see the road as the car drives, picking out things like lanes or speed-limit signs. The company said it will weave that software together with an offering from Microsoft.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The combination will let drivers in the car see real-time events like speed limit changes but then split off some of the camera data and send it to Microsoft's cloud computer service, Azure. Once there, the data can be processed later by powerful servers to help improve the algorithms that help self-driving cars navigate.
Separately, Mapbox is also working with chipmaker ARM to optimize its self-driving vision software so features detected by ARM's chips can be recognized as lanes, pedestrians and road signs even faster. In one form or another, ARM's chips power the majority of mobile phones, tablets and other mobile computers that are making their way into cars.
Mapbox is also pairing with Intel's Mobileye self-driving unit, which the chipmaker purchased last year for US$15.3 billion.
Mobileye is building its own detailed database of road features that is stored in the cloud. Mapbox has built software that will live in cars to beam down Mobileye's data without hogging up mobile data bandwidth. Cars that use the system will get a constant map ahead of about 200 meters (660 ft), providing a key backup to the car's onboard sensors, the companies said.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
A big victory for the people of Delhi...a big victory for democracy... — Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) July 4, 2018
The relevance of the Wednesday's Constitution Bench verdict on the division of powers between the Lieutenant Governor and an elected government in Delhi lies in its spirit and in substance, not in instances.The five-judge bench judgment by the Supreme Court is immensely significant because it has for the first time led to interpretation of a Constitutional provision that lies at the core of governance of the National Capital Territory of Delhi.It was the first occasion also when the Supreme Court authoritatively ruled upon the manner in which the Constitution prefers the three institutions - Centre, L-G and Delhi government - to coexist harmoniously to serve the interest of the people.The unanimous judgment by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, Justices AK Sikri, AM Khanwilkar, DY Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan, emphasised elected government has to be given authority to function because the democracy, by design, guaranteed an elected government to represent will of the people - who are sovereign.The Constitution Bench verdict, interestingly, has shifted the burden on the L-G when the latter chooses to interdict the will of the elected government.The judicial fetter has been evolved on the exercise of the power of the L-G, who cannot now act only on his whims, bypassing the representative government which is responsible to the sovereign in the democracy.L-G may act, may differ but he must be mindful that his resistance is not on trivial issues and that he is acting either in the larger interest of the nation or strictly under the powers vested with his office under the Constitution.The verdict also laid down authoritatively that L-G is bound by aid and advise of the council of ministers and that he cannot act as an independendt authority when there exists a legislature by virtue of a special Consitutional provision.L-G cannot substitute an elected government, the Bench underscored multiple times in its three concurrent judgments, authored by the CJI and Justices Chandrachud and Bhushan.The Constitution Bench verdict on Wednesday leads to rendering more responsibility on the office of the L-G, to ensure the Central government's representative in the NCT must not bring the governance in Delhi to a standstill.So, the buck stops at the L-G now, whose actions will be under a more stringent scrutiny and his decisions must not fall foul with the spirit and the substance of today's verdict.Reacting to the development in court, Kejriwal said "it was a big victory for the people of Delhi".
Now that Infinity War has settled into theaters and Ant-Man 2 is on the way, the thirst for Avengers 4 knowledge is getting out of control. Within the Marvel Cinematic Universe, there's a lot of foreshadowing, sometimes years in advance, which seems to be the case with an Avengers 4 clue from 2015's Ant-Man. After Thanos completed his mission in Infinity War, the population of the universe was cut in half, leading to a lot of speculation about how the original Avengers will figure out a way to save the day in Avengers 4.
Time travel seems to be the consensus of the majority of the Avengers 4 theories, especially after Doctor Strange's sacrifice. Additionally, we've seen some behind-the-scenes pictures from the set that feature the original Avengers in their suits and haircuts from the first movie with a device on their wrists during the Battle of New York along with Paul Rudd's Ant-Man, who was not present at that time in the MCU. But it might not be just as cut and dry as regular time travel.
Infinity War screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely have already said that Ant-Man and the Wasp will play a major part in Avengers 4 along with the upcoming Captain Marvel, which makes a quote from Michael Douglas' Hank Pym from the first Ant-Man all the more memorable. When Pym is trying to first describe the Quantum Realm and going subatomic to Scott Lang, he brings up something that could really help out the Avengers and their second battle with Thanos. Hank Pym says this about going subatomic in the Quantum Realm.
"It means that you would enter a reality where all concepts of time and space become irrelevant as you shrink for all eternity. Everything that you know, and love, gone forever."
In the first Ant-Man, Scott Lang successfully made it out of the Quantum Realm, much to the surprise of Hank Pym and Hope van Dyne. This information sets up Ant-Man 2 as they prepare to venture back into the Quantum Realm to search for Janet van Dyne, aka the Wasp, who has been trapped there for decades. The trailers for Ant-Man 2 even feature the craft that Hank Pym developed to explore the Quantum Realm, which seems like it would be really helpful to the original Avengers as they look for a way to go back in time.
Captain Marvel will also factor into the Quantum Realm, but it isn't clear how at this time. Since Carol Danver's big screen debut takes place in the early 90s, it could be used as a way to bring her to the present day after Nick Fury sent out the message at the end of Infinity War. Whatever the case may be, it looks highly probable that the Quantum Realm and Hank Pym's technology will be the key to bringing everybody back while making new sacrifices along the way. This theory was first reported by MCU Cosmic.
NORTH TONAWANDA, N.Y. (WIVB) – Budwey's Supermarket has been a family-owned business since the first store opened on Oliver Street in 1925. Moving forward, it will still be family-owned, but there will be a different family in charge.
Budwey's owner/pperator Frank Budwey has announced the sale of his North Tonawanda store to Brian Kusmierski, the owner/operator of the Market in the Square in West Seneca.
“What Brian has that I don't have is he's got a couple young kids that are willing to come in the business and take over,” Budwey explained on Monday morning, adding that it was important to him to keep his business a family operation.
Budwey says The Market in the Square and Budwey's are already very similar stores. “It's a perfect fit,” he said. “The way we go to market is identical. We have both great meat programs. We both have scratch bakeries. Our produce is priced right and we buy from all the local vendors.”
That shouldn't change under the new ownership, when Budwey's Supermarket begins operating under its new name, Budwey's Market in the Square.
“We see little or no changes short term,” Kusmierski said. “We've got to get to know the Budwey way and the customers and the associates and the store, and then, we're coming from the best of both world's here.”
“Budwey's has just done a fabulous job for 95 years. We have Market in the Square, we've been there for 18 years. So our plan is to see how things run here and then we're going to take the best of the Budwey's over to The Market in the Square in West Seneca and vis versa. The best at West Seneca will come over to Budwey's,” Kusmierski added. “Give us three to six moths to mesh together and I think it's going to be – both of the stores are going to be better for it.”
Frank Budwey says the future of his family's store was paramount in making the decision about who should take over.
A few years ago, Budwey tried to make his full-time employees partners in the company, giving them shares. But, Budwey says that didn't work out the way he planned, and the company's future was in question. “This is the best plan because now the jobs are secure and the business is,” Budwey explained when he announced the sale to Kusmierski's family this week.
Budwey's currently employs 120 people and The Market in the Square employs 140 more.
Kusmierski says he hopes to have the transition to the new ownership completed in October.
CHIKWAWA-(MaraviPost)-Unknown thugs stormed Suweni Primary School head teacher's house in Chikwawa district hunting to deal with the head teacher on accusation that he is sleeping with others' wives.
The district police spokesperson Foster Benjamin, confirmed the development saying it happened on Thursday at night.
According to Benjamin, the thugs severely injured the head teacher's wife in the process after failing to locate her husband from the house.
During the day, the head teacher, Paul Chagwaluso was out of the house for official duties.
Benjamin said the thugs had earlier accused the head teacher of flirting with other men's wives.
“On that particular night, at about 20:00 hours, the assailants approached the woman, Rhoda Timothy, demanding that she brings out her husband. When she told them that he was not around, they descended on her, hacking her on both her left hand and shoulder and later escaped after she shouted for help,” he explained.
Benjamin further said prior to the incident, there had been series of anonymous warning letters directed to the head teacher and some of his subordinates.
“In the letters, the head teacher and some members of staff were told to vacate the school as they were allegedly flirting with other men's wives,” he added.
Meanwhile, police who have already launched a man hunt for the suspects, are appealing to members of the public to bring forth any information that will lead to the arrest of the assailants.
ALOHA, Ore. -- Residents were evacuated in an Aloha neighborhood after a gas line fire broke out Wednesday night.
The fire was reported in the area of Southwest 198th Avenue and Alexander Street at around 9 p.m. Roads in the area are closed.
Tualatin Valley Fire & Rescue said crews were kept the fire under control until Northwest Natural Gas arrived. Northwest Natural crimped the gas line and firefighters put the fire out before 11 p.m.
Evacuated tenants will likely be temporarily displaced, TVF&R said. No one was hurt.
The cause of the fire has not been determined.
© 2018 KGW
GonzoFest found a new home last Saturday at the Louisville Free Public Library's downtown branch.
Mayor Greg Fischer sealed the deal while speaking at the event when when he announced a three-step plan to renovate and rename the North Wing of the library in honor of Hunter S. Thompson and his mother, Virginia. She had been a librarian at the branch, and Thompson had spent a lot of time there in his youth. Also, a statue of Thompson is in the works for the library grounds.
With that announcement and to refocus of GonzoFest on Thompson's literary legacy, the GonzoFest that Dennie Humphrey and Ron Whitehead envisioned since its first seven years ago was flourishing.
Ron Whitehead, the festival co-founder and well-known local poet, filled me in prior to the panel discussion on Thompson's literary impact. “For years, I was like the street-corner preacher, preaching the Hunter S. Thompson gospel,” he said. He's still preaching, but on a different caliber with the festival. “I hope people are inspired to create. Period. I hope that's what they take away from GonzoFest, or anything that I do from a poetry reading, or from a brief encounter on the street.”
It was an electric Saturday — sunny, with a growing afternoon heat intensified by a tenacious breeze. Between York Street and Broadway, it appeared the library was hosting — to use Whitehead's phrasing — a “mini-Forecastle,” but this was a citywide, collaborated effort to celebrate Hunter S. Thompson with music, art and literature. Poetry and spoken-word performances were underway in the East Wing. In the auditorium, discussion panels took place throughout the day, where ideas on politics, Thompson's cultural and literary influence, freedom of speech and media literacy were discussed through a gonzo lens. The panelists included Thompson's son, Juan Thompson. Three guests were joined in through a remote hookup, their faces projected on a screen next to moderator Michael Lindenberger, a former Courier-Journal reporter who has written for LEO and now is an editorial writer at the Dallas Morning News.
Unfortunately, sound was an immediate issue for most of the panel discussions because of the booming main stage outside. But that didn't ruin the momentum of conversation, especially with so many interesting folks on deck. Of course, you have Juan, who published his memoir, “Stories I Tell Myself: Growing Up with Hunter S. Thompson” in January last year; Whitehead; William McKeen, who penned the HST biography “Outlaw Journalist”; Margaret Harrell, Thompson's assistant editor on several projects including “Hell's Angels”; and Rory Feehan, who's pursuing a freaking doctorate on the guy, in addition to running totallygonzo.org.
Although this was a repeated topic from last year, “The Literary Impact of Hunter S. Thompson” certainly revealed great insights. Such as, the creative ways Thompson could avert a deadline. Mckeen had a solid takeaway for this talk: “There's only one person who can write like that, and he's gone. But there's only someone who can write like you.” Juan nodded in agreement, and perhaps deep understanding.
Advertisement
“As Hunter proved with Gonzo Journalism, the viewer, the experimenter changes the experiment,” said Whitehead later in our interview. “We are subjective human beings, we're emotional human beings more than anything else. There's not one aspect of our being that we are, totally … Language is an experiment.”
“Find your own voice. As a writer, as a poet, as a person, and go your own way,” he added. “My No. 1 goal [with GonzoFest] is for everybody to find their own way.”
Juan Thompson made a similar point when I caught up with him after the panel. I had joined forces with a couple of guys from Michigan — Fred Bueltmann and Kyle Bice, who were traveling across the country on trains with their storytelling project and podcast, “This Craft Nation.” We all sat down in the basement of the library, where Thompson shared his opinions on the craft, and spoke extensively about his personal experiences writing the memoir.
“I thought it was important that people know there was a lot more to Hunter than just a Raoul Duke character,” he said. “The best way I could address that, since I didn't want to write a biography, was to describe to people the Hunter that I knew. The best way I knew how to do that was through the story of our relationship and how it had changed over time, and what that revealed to me about who he was.”
“When I started [the book], I was really grieving his death. And it was important to me that people understand that he's a great writer. And by the end of the book, that wasn't the most important. The most important was the story of how we worked out some kind of relationship — that was a big shift.”
“There was a story I wanted to tell and a perspective I wanted to share, and I didn't think it was something I wanted to continue to do. Once I finished it, I decided writing was something I wanted to continue. The process of writing…it's a funny thing. I did not particularly enjoy sitting down to write the words. I don't know many writers who really sit down at their keyboard in the morning and say, ‘I am so excited to do this!' There are some — most seem to resist it. But it's such an extremely satisfying thing to have written something that is meaningful to somebody else.”
This roughly 30-minute exchange left me deeply inspired, and in that I found the answer to Thompson's lasting importance. Gonzo Fest has not lost its purpose. “It's focused on what's new, how his message and legacy is revealing itself to consecutive generations,” said Juan. There is work to be done, but gonzo will not die…the experiment continues.
BEIRUT: Human Rights Watch called on Ankara on Saturday (Feb 3) to stop using "lethal force" against Syrians trying to cross into Turkey, urging it to open its border to those seeking asylum.
A major offensive waged by Syrian government troops in the northwestern province of Idlib has displaced more than 270,000 people since mid-December, according to the United Nations.
Many have tried to flee into Turkey, but border guards have been "indiscriminately shooting at and summarily returning Syrian asylum seekers," HRW said.
Turkey, which hosts an estimated 3.5 million Syrian refugees, has tried to push back anyone trying to enter across its southern border since August 2015.
Some Syrians have managed to cross by resorting to the services of smugglers, including more than a dozen who crossed between May and December 2017 and shared their accounts with HRW.
"Syrians fleeing to the Turkish border seeking safety and asylum are being forced back with bullets and abuse," HRW's deputy Middle East director Lama Fakih said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Others described being detained, beaten and prevented from seeking medical attention, and said at least 10 people, including a child, were killed by fire from Turkish border guards.
"The Turkish government should issue standard instructions to the border guards at all crossing points that lethal force must not be used against asylum seekers and no asylum seeker is to be mistreated, but should be given access to medical aid when required," HRW said.
"It should ensure that all crossing points comply with these core legal obligations, as well as the ban on refoulement," the return of refugees to a country where they could be persecuted.
Public debate on the return of Syrian refugees has been growing in Turkey, as well as in Lebanon and Jordan, which also host large numbers.
But HRW warned that Syria remained too dangerous for civilians to be sent back, particularly after Turkey opened up a new front in the conflict last month with a cross-border assault on Kurdish militia in the Afrin enclave.
"Conditions in Syria are not safe for refugee returns," Fakih said.
"With hostilities in Afrin contributing to the growing displacement crisis in the country, Turkey should allow the thousands of desperate Syrians seeking refuge to cross the border."
William J. Astore's Intro: I asked Pamela if I could highlight a recent comment she made at this site about the U.S. military's approach to Afghanistan. Not only did she give me her permission: she elaborated on her point in an email. Pamela, a former aid worker with a decade's worth of on-the-ground experience in Afghanistan, worked with the Afghan people in relationships characterized by trust and friendship. Her words should be read by all Americans, especially our foreign policy “experts.”
Cascading disaster is an apt term for the US military's strategy in Afghanistan, which involves the indiscriminate killing of terrorist leaders, whether Taliban, Al Qaeda, ISIS or whatever else.
In addition to heavily underreported civilian casualties, US military strikes increase the ferocity of those terrorist outfits. Not just because those outfits want to show the world how strong they are. There is another element which arguably is even worse, as it is virtually impossible to reverse. Each “neutralized” leader leaves a power void within his organization and a number of usually younger and more ruthless members start fighting among each other to take over – with cruelty and spectacular attacks obviously being stronger “election” arguments than a “softy” willingness and capacity for peaceful dialogue.
Thus in Afghanistan the original Taliban – the ones who were ousted in 2001 – probably could have been convinced to take part in negotiations. They were an unsavory lot to have as a government, with medieval habits, but they were not terrorists like the ones nowadays. Few people know that in 2000 the British charity Christianaid (yes, with such a provocative name) had an office there, run by a female Australian doctor with her husband and little Sam, their six-month-old son. They enjoyed it very much and the Taliban had no objection against a foreign woman providing medical care to women and children, despite the obvious need for careful diplomacy.
Since then, however, there have been so many cascading series of eliminations of Taliban leaders at all levels – all for the purpose of PR spin rather than any coherent strategy – that we now have the umptiest generation, which has lost whatever dignity and humanity their predecessors may have had.
Furthermore, we knew the original Taliban leaders, and they were relatively predictable. Each new batch needs to be infiltrated, investigated and analyzed from scratch, after which we kill those too. What a waste of energy and knowledge! But President Trump believes that the evident lack of success is caused by too little rather than too much bombing/eliminating, so this vicious cascade can be expected to go on and on until doomsday.
This “destroy the Taliban by assassination” strategy has one more layer: the eroding authority of their original leaders. By continuously eliminating (often after several failed attempts in which civilians are killed instead) successive leaders at all levels – from village to nationwide – the U.S. has shattered the Taliban into different splinter factions, each with its own power structure and power struggles. This has increased pressure and violence at the village level, as people who during the day were already pressured by coalition armies and at night by the Taliban, ended up with several competing “Taliban” factions all pressuring them to join. Some of these factions were foreign, as Afghan friends would tell me, meaning they were from some other part of Afghanistan, not necessarily from a different country, which made it even harder to negotiate with them. Multiple terrorist factions contributed to anarchy in which common criminality has flourished.
At the same time, as this cascading fracturing continued, successive local “terrorist” leaders became increasingly detached from central top leadership and therefore any negotiations with Mullah Omar or any other gray eminence might not translate into concrete changes in the field.
Negotiations should have been conducted in 2002, when the Taliban had been wiped out, which then was no major feat as the vast majority of its followers had been coerced into joining and were only too happy to have been delivered from this burden and being able to return home.
So few true believers were left in 2002 that the Taliban was in a very weak bargaining position, a perfect starting point for negotiations.
Systematic demonizing by the US, however, and the ludicrous strategy of killing them one by one – which is as absurd as believing that the best way to eliminate ants is by crushing them one at a time as they appear at our sugar bowl – have led to what we have now: a thoroughly opaque playing field with regularly shifting alliances and competition, which makes it even harder to keep track of who's who, with whom, against whom. This increasingly chaotic situation makes counter-terror operations even more complicated (spectacular attacks may have more centralized backing, but smaller attacks are often initiated by local splinter factions).
The addition of ISIS further complicated the situation, as the Taliban have been fiercely fighting them – Afghans generally do not like Arabs nor any other foreigners who want to impose their ways – and thus the absurd situation developed in which everyone is fighting everyone – Taliban, ISIS, Haqqani et al, the Afghan army & police, coalition-supported local militias and coalition armies themselves. A bit like the present proxy-wars in the Middle East in a nutshell.
We also tend to forget that the Taliban – for all their senseless cruelty and often medieval ideas – were welcomed in 1996 with a huge sigh of relief when they cleaned up the murderous chaos of the civil war and restored law and order. When asking Afghan friends what part of their experiences since 1979 was the worst, they all would name the civil war. Unfortunately power corrupts and soon this relief was replaced with a different kind of horror. The Taliban regime was loathed but at least was relatively predictable. One could somehow adapt to its rules.
I am convinced that given a bit more time, the Afghans would have gotten rid of that regime themselves and the ensuing civil war would have been relatively short-lived as then they all were thoroughly fed-up with fighting.
Today, the chaos and corruption in Afghanistan is being hidden further, as the U.S.-led coalition acts to suppress information, specifically the reports of SIGAR, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. John Sopko, the head of SIGAR, has always been a hero of mine, shining a bright light on the mess that otherwise was swept under the carpet.
Now even that light is being switched off.
William J. Astore is a retired lieutenant colonel (USAF). He taught history for fifteen years at military and civilian schools and blogs at Bracing Views. He can be reached at wastore@pct.edu. Reprinted from Bracing Views with the author's permission.
Negotiations between the City of Tulsa and Tulsa County regarding inmate fees have been ongoing for years.
"We have known that negotiations, that they haven't reached an agreement yet,” said city council member Anna America. “And we have expected that the mayor would come back to us with a proposal on how to deal with that."
Monday, News On 6 learned one option the mayor is considering is creating the city's own independent jail. Currently, the City of Tulsa does not have one and relies exclusively on Tulsa County to house the city's inmates.
“What's the best way to deliver the best services at the best cost to our taxpayers?” is one question considered America stated.
Tulsa County Commissioner John Smaligo says the idea of an independent city jail comes as a shock to him.
"Because that has not been something that has been talked about,” he said. "I would be very disappointed if the city decided to do that."
Smaligo says the rate increase approved by the commissioners last week, $69 a day, is generous to the city and is the best option for both elected leaders and residents.
"I think more than we are hoping to pay, but I have confidence in the mayor and his negotiating that he'll come forward with a proposal,” said America.
We asked Mayor G.T. Bynum to comment on the story, he gave us the following statement:
"I will present a proposal to the Council by the end of the month and will not have a comment before that discussion."
If the city does decide to create their own jail, Smaligo says the cost will add up faster than city leaders think.
"They are going to be very, very quickly realize the cost associated with that and the extraordinarily good deal they've been receiving from Tulsa County,” he said.
If the mayor proposes the city create an independent jail, he would have to allocate funds to do so before the city council would vote on it.
Sunday, Sep 24, 2017
Producing a strong photographic body of work is a tremendous accomplishment, but without good writing and editing skills, photographers may face difficulty connecting with galleries, curators, critics, or even their own website visitors. In this one-day workshop, Kat will teach participants how to enhance their professional practice through writing. Not your typical “how to” writing workshop, this workshop will focus on the many instances in which photographers are asked to write about their work including press statements, interviews, newsletter content, and artist biographies. This workshop will help participants hone their writing skills and leave with a broader understanding of the contemporary photography market.
Limited to 18 participants.
$250 per person.
Located at the Millennium Knickbocker Hotel.
SINGAPORE: Several high-ranking officials from the Singapore and Malaysia task forces looking into the 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) scandal met in Putrajaya on Thursday morning (May 31).
Both teams have agreed to work together to recover money believed to have been misappropriated from the state investment firm.
Advertisement
In a press release, the Malaysian task force said that both nations will also work together to gather evidence and track down witnesses in Singapore "as soon as possible".
Additionally, the task force will investigate relevant "money trails" to trace any remaining cash and assets.
The meeting, held at the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) headquarters, was attended by nine officials from Singapore, comprising individuals from the Attorney-General's Chambers, Commercial Affairs Department and the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
The Malaysian representatives including Abdul Gani Patail, the former attorney-general who used to head the task force before he abruptly stepped down in July 2015, and MACC chief Mohd Shukri Abdull.
Advertisement
Advertisement
At least six countries, including the United States and Switzerland, are investigating claims that US$4.5 billion was siphoned out of 1MDB, which was founded by former Prime Minister Najib Razak.
"Our Malaysian counterparts have requested for our assistance in relation to their 1MDB-related investigations, and we agreed to a meeting in Kuala Lumpur," a Singapore police spokeswoman told Reuters in an email.
She gave no details of the assistance sought.
The news comes a week after Malaysian officials met officers of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the US Department of Justice, which refers to Najib as "Malaysian Official Number 1" in an anti-kleptocracy investigation of 1MDB.
JUST IN: #1MDB special investigative team met with Singapore investigators today. The two have agreed to work together to recover money believed to be misappropriated from the state investment firm. pic.twitter.com/BBieBgLHKn — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) May 31, 2018
Najib has denied any wrongdoing and said in 2016 that the Malaysian government would cooperate with US investigations.
Singapore has taken action against several banks and bank officials for failures of money-laundering controls over transactions related to 1MDB, including the closure of units of BSI Bank and Falcon Bank.
Malaysia's newly-elected Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has vowed to investigate the 1MDB scandal and act against those who may have abetted, or benefited from, corruption at the fund.
Mahathir immediately reopened 1MDB investigations after defeating Najib in the historic May 9 elections, and barred his former protege from leaving the country.
The former prime minister went to Malaysia's anti-graft agency to give a statement explaining what he knew about US$10.6 million transferred into his bank account from the fund.
Last week, Malaysia's finance minister said funds from deals with the central bank and sovereign wealth fund Khazanah were used by the previous government to meet some liabilities of the troubled state fund.
Malaysian police said they seized cash worth RM114 million (US$29 million) and more than 400 luxury handbags from Najib's home and his son's apartments as part of the investigation.
PARIS: A French woman who travelled three times to Syria in support of her extremist son was given a 10-year jail sentence on Friday (Oct 6) after being convicted of being part of a terrorist conspiracy.
Christine Riviere, 51, was sentenced for her "unfailing commitment" to extremism and for helping a number of young women travel to Syria as part of attempts to find a bride for her son, Tyler Vilus.
It was the maximum sentence possible.
Vilus travelled to Syria to fight alongside the Islamic State group.
Riviere, who has been nicknamed "Mama Jihad" in the French press, visited him three times in 2013 and 2014.
She told the court she feared he would not return home.
Advertisement
Advertisement
She was arrested in July 2014 as she was preparing a fourth visit.
Vilus was arrested a year later in Turkey, from where he was extradited to France.
From megastar Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra, ace filmmaker Karan Johar to master blaster Sachin Tendulkar and tennis star Sania Mirza — a host of celebrities from the Indian film and sports world got together in wishing a “happily ever after” to newly weds — actress Anushka Sharma and cricket hero Virat Kohli.
Their nuptials — yet another union of Bollywood and cricket — were a close-knit family affair in Tuscany, Italy on Monday afternoon. They announced their new relationship status on social media, where congratulatory messages poured in soon after.
Veteran actor Amitabh Bachchan tweeted: “Virat and Anushka, wishes and blessings on this most auspicious day in your lives. Happiness and togetherness ever.”
Superstar Shah Rukh Khan wished “happiness and health” to his “Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi” co-star and Kohli.
Karan sent out “tons of love” to the “beautiful couple”, and added: “I wish them and their loved ones the best years ahead.”
Priyanka congratulated the newly weds and added: “Your union is what fairy tales are made of. Wish you both every happiness that you ever wanted. Much love always!”
Actor Riteish Deshmukh quipped: “From now onwards Virat Kohli will happily be the vice captain at home… Hail the new captain Anushka Sharma.”
From the film industry, Sonam Kapoor, Neha Dhupia, Esha Gupta, Abhishek Kapoor, Anil Kapoor, Ileana D'Cruz, Kajol, Anupam Kher, Suniel Shetty, Varun Dhawana, Farhan Akhtar, Sidharth Malhotra, Alia Bhatt, Shraddha Kapoor, Kunal Kohli, Madhuri Dixit Nene, Abhishek Bachchan, Sridevi and Jacqueline Fernandez among others wished the “picture perfect” couple “marital bliss”.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) congratulated the couple and wished them “a very happy married life”.
Tendulkar said “Virushka” — an amalgam of Virat and Anushka's names — “look wonderful together”.
Sania went “awee” on the couple's endearing photographs, and tweeted: “Congratulations you two… You look lovely and so so happy. Wish you all the happiness in the world.”
Cricketer Harbhajan Singh tweeted: “Jug jug jeeve eh sohni Jodi… Rab hamesha khush rakhe (May this beautiful couple enjoy a long life. May God keep them happy always).”
Pacer Umesh Yadav, Test specialist Cheteshwar Pujara, former BCCI President Anurag Thakur, ex-India Test opener Aakash Chopra, former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi, Indian women's hockey team captain Rani Rampal, wrestler Geeta Phogat were others from the sports world to wish
The wedding was solemnised as per Hindu rituals at 2 p.m. in Italy with the bride and groom looking resplendent in ensembles by celebrated couturier Sabyasachi Mukherjee.
The couple, who has been together for four years, is said to have chosen a luxury heritage resort Borgo Finocchieto, a little over 100 km away from Florence, for their nuptials.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Saved By The Bell is 29 years old - how nuts is that! Find out what Zac, AC Slater and Kelly have been up to since hanging in Bayside High!
Saved By The Bell used to make our world go round. In fact, there a still day we watch the odd episode or two on YouTube it was that good.
Just try to watch this without singing along…
Can you believe next year it will be 30 years since if first aired! Yup, that makes us feel old too.
So, we thought we'd have a little look at what Zac Morris, Kelly Kapowski, A.C Slater, Jessie Spano, Lisa Turtle and Screech are up to now.
Zac: Mark-Paul Gosselaar
He was blond haired, brown eyebrowed Zac Morris who was cooler than you with his double denim and high tops. In real life, Mark-Paul, now 44, seems to have been even more of a total stud than his character and dated three of his fellow cast members!
Now, the Saved by the Bell main player is the father to three children – two with first wife Lisa Ann Russell, and a son with current wife Catriona McGinn. His acting career has also continued to be pretty awesome, starring in some of the hottest US TV shows including Happy Endings and NYPD Blue, and playing Bash in uber cool lawyer comedy Franklin and Bash. He recently starred in FOX's tv series Pitch.
Adorably he's still great mates with Mario who played AC Slater too…
Kelly: Tiffany Thiessen
Oh Kelly, how we wanted to be Kelly! Great news for every teenage boy who ever had a crush on Tiffers (er, all of them), she's stayed on the radar ever since Saved by the Bell finished. Shows include Beverly Hills 90210, Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place and What About Brian. Since 2009 she's played Elizabeth Burke in White Collar.
And guess what, Tiffany, now 44, is still is as gorgeous as ever…
Tiffany's married Brady Smith in 2005 and had a little girl called Harper in 2010. Yeah, the Beckham's totally copied her. And she also has a son called Holt who was born in 2015. CUTE!
AC: Mario Lopez
Well, Mario sure has been surrounded with scandal over the past few years. In 2005, he married long-term girlfriend, actress Ali Landry, only to have the marriage annulled two weeks later when it admitted cheating on her on his stag do. Awkward.
Nowadays he's shaken off his love-rat image and is married to Broadway dancer Courtney Mazza and they have a son and a daughter together.
Him and Courtney also have a reality show on VH1 called Mario Lopez: Saved by the Baby which premiered on November 1, 2010.
Career wise, he's been a busy boy and has pretty much swept the board, from acting in shows such as Nip/Tuck, competing in Dancing with the Stars, having his own reality show, and taking a huge bag of hosting duties including US X Factor and a regular slot alongside TOWIE's Mark Wright on the US entertainment show Extra.
On February 4, 2015, Mario reunited with he likes of Mark-Paul Gosselaar, Elizabeth Berkley, Dennis Haskins (who played Mr Belding) and Tiffani Thiessen on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, where they appeared in a Saved by the Bell sketch.
Jessie: Elizabeth Berkley
She was the big haired know-it-all who was paired up with A.C. Slater, but later roles that Elizabeth took on were a far cry from Jessie Spano. Hello Showgirls! That may have bombed at the box office, but it still became a cult classic and had audiences seeing Elizabeth in a whole new light.
She's now mum to a girl called Sky and done a stint on Dancing with the Stars, presented on Bravo, and released a book called Ask Elizabeth, which offers advice to teenage girls. Aww.
Lisa: Lark Voorhies
Oh Lisa Turtle was so frickin' cool and sassy. After SBTB, Lark took on roles in Days of Our Lives and The Bold and Beautiful, but ended up quitting the latter as the sex scenes went against her religious beliefs.
Lark now shies away from the spotlight these days, is a married mum of two, businesswoman and producer.
Screech: Dustin Diamond
Perhaps the most shocking of all the cast is Mr. Diamond. He played the super-geek Screech, but he's been doing what he can to shake off that image ever since.
Who could forget the sex tape Dustin released himself? Or the fact that in his tell-all memoir he confessed to sleeping with 2,000 women. Jeez.
In 2013 he stared on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother and was one of the liked contestants.
In 2014 things went quite downhill, he was also was arrested for possession of a switchblade knife. which he was alleged to have pulled during a bar altercation in which a man was stabbed.
Amanda Schutz, his fiancée, also faced a charge of disorderly conduct in relation to the incident, was found guilty and fined $500.
On May 29, 2015, Dustin was convicted of two misdemeanors, carrying a concealed weapon and disorderly conduct. He was cleared of the most serious charge, recklessly endangering public safety.
On June 25, 2015, Dustin was sentenced to four months in prison. He served three months and was released on probation. Dustin's probation agent determined that he had violated the terms of his probation, and he was arrested in May 2016
Oh and and was less than complimentary about his fellow cast members in his autobiography. He called Mario ‘a muscle-bound meathead'.
The Hall of Presidents Before Washington, an exhibit honoring the 14 presidents before U.S. President George Washington under the Articles of Confederation and the Continental Congress, opened to the public Wednesday at its new home in The Westin in Presidents Hill.
The exhibit displays laser replicas of original documents from each of the 14 "forgotten" presidents in chronological order starting with Peyton Randolph in 1774, including John Hancock —who was elected twice — and concluding with Cyrus Griffin, the last before Washington, in 1789.
"From 1774 to 1789, except for the Declaration of Independence in 1776, you've got a forgotten period of history," said Sam Brown, an attorney and 55-year Annapolis resident, who, along with his brothers George and Steve, bought the 14 original documents.
Eleven of the 14 documents are signed as president, while the other three are letters they corresponded in their lifetime, according to Mark Croatti, Director of the Hall of Presidents Before Washington.
"People that think that they weren't referred to as presidents or they weren't really presidents need only look at these documents," Croatti said, who teaches at George Washington University.
Director Mark Croatti talks about the opening of the Hall of Presidents Before Washington at the Westin in Annapolis. (Joshua McKerrow) (Joshua McKerrow)
Croatti said the Westin of Annapolis agreed to transfer the exhibit from the Maryland Inn, which wasn't open all the time. Now, he said, the public can come see the exhibit at any time — visitors don't have to be hotel guests.
The grand opening served as a venue that brought together generations of descendants of Presidents Thomas McKean and John Hanson.
Peter Hanson Michael, a descendent of Hanson's and author of "Remembering John Hanson," lectured to the crowd.
Former U.S. Ambassador to Luxemburg and author of "Suspected of Independence: the Life of Thomas McKean," David McKean, also spoke and headlined a host of fifth-generation descendants of President McKean – the last signatory to the Declaration of Independence – in attendance.
McKean's relatives worried about their ancestors maintaining a place in history.
Joshua McKerrow, staff / Capital Gazette A sign welcomes visitors to the opening of the Hall of Presidents Before Washington at the Westin in Annapolis. A sign welcomes visitors to the opening of the Hall of Presidents Before Washington at the Westin in Annapolis. (Joshua McKerrow, staff / Capital Gazette)
"Without the place to house the record in history, it would be lost," said Jimmy Cooke, a Silver Spring resident and fifth-generation descendant. He attended along with extended cousins Robert Fisher and Liz Montaner, a longtime Annapolis resident.
Montaner added, "It's exciting to put a spotlight on the accomplishments of these presidents and our relative and all that he did during that time."
With the exhibit established in the city with 350-400 years of history, it was a sigh of relief for organizers.
Former Annapolis Mayor Ellen Moyer helped spearhead the project by connecting Croatti to the political and historical figures. Moyer convinced the Brown brothers to buy the document.
"What better place could it be," Moyer said, "in a capital with the oldest state house, where the founding fathers walked the streets all the time."
PERTH, Australia (AP) — Roger Federer returned from six months on the sidelines because of a knee injury to beat Dan Evans 6-3, 6-4 on Monday and give Switzerland a 1-0 lead over Britain at the Hopman Cup mixed teams tournament.
The 17-time major winner missed the French Open last year, ending a run of 65 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments, and hadn't played competitively since re-injuring his surgically repaired left knee at Wimbledon. But he showed no signs of rust in his 61-minute win over Evans.
“I'd like to live it again. I'm a little bit sad it's over, because it was so nice out there,” Federer said of his return. “I was actually quite emotional. When I walked down, I was like, ‘Oh my God, this is better than I thought it would be.'”
The 35-year-old Federer said it was the kind of feeling he missed the most while he was sidelined.
“I thought for a first match it was great, because my expectations were obviously quite low.”
Belinda Benic was playing Heather Watson later Monday, aiming to give Switzerland an unbeatable lead ahead of the mixed doubles match.
France beat Germany 2-1 in the earlier Group A match, with Richard Gasquet defeating Alexander Zverev 7-5, 6-3 and combining with Kristina Mladenovic to win the deciding mixed doubles, which is being played in the Fast4 format, 4-2, 4-1. Andrea Petkovic had earlier beaten Mladenovic 6-2, 6-1 in the women's singles.
by Tim Church
OZARK, Mo. – A young boy from Ozark is injured in a UTV crash Saturday night, on a private property in Christian County.
State Troopers report 12-year-old Wendel Watts was traveling northbound in a field at 1721 Jackson Springs Road at 7:20 p.m., when he overturned the UTV he was operating, while trying to make a turn.
Watts was transported by ambulance to Cox South Hospital in Springfield to be treated for his moderate injuries.
Member of Rajya Sabha K Somaprasad has written a complaint to the Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment Thawar Chand Gehlot regarding the non-implementation of reservation policy in Group A appointments by Shree Chitra Tirunal Institute for Medical Sciences and Technology in Trivandrum, Kerala.In its recently released notification for job applications, the institute has deprived the SC, ST and Socially and Educationally Backward Classes (SEdBCs) from applying for the Group A category, which includes posts for professors, assistant professors, associate professors, scientists and engineers. The institute has provided for reservation only at the entry level for scientists and engineers. The notification calling for application will close on April 25.The notification is in violation of the SCTIMST Act and government rules. As a public institute which receives grants from the central government, the SCTIMST is required to follow the reservation policies in all its recruitments, irrespective of the level. Rules 25 and 26 of the SCTIMST Act, 1980, brought in place at the time the previously state government-owned institute received national university status, lay down clear provisions for reservation.The deviation from the policy has raised concern because as an institute of national importance that has not been granted exemption from reservations, SCTIMST is bound by government rules to implement the policy.“We have sought exemption from implementing the reservation policy in Group A appointments. Our application for exemption is pending with the Ministry of Science and Technology. We are awaiting the decision.” the administration had told News18.com on April 17.Somaprasad, who is President of Kollam district panchayat and a member of CPI unit of Kerala wrote, “As a central government institute which is receiving grants from the government of India SCTIMST is supposed to follow the reservation policy in all its recruitment irrespective of the levels.”He added, “It is understood that SCTIMST authorities have never shown any interest in implementing reservations as per government of India norms in the recruitment of Group A officers when there is a clear provision in the Act to do that. It has been brought to my notice that the institute is following the service conditions and salary of AIIMS but not the reservation policy existing there.”He further requested the government to look into the matter and "direct DST to take appropriate action for implementation of reservation policy of the government of India in all cadres posts".He also requested the government to direct the institute to withdraw the current notification inviting applications for various group A level appointments and re-notify the same after implementing the reservation policy. "Fill the backlog of appointments," he said.Earlier , the former secretary to Ministry of Welfare PS Krishnan had pointed out to the Minister of Science and Technology Harsh Vardhan that the institute cannot be given exemption from implementing the reservation policy, as “equality in the present context would mean that the proportion of the SCs, STs and SEdBCs in the institute should be no less than the prescribed reservation percentages of 15%, 7.5% and 27%, respectively.”He had pleaded that the reservation had to be maintained whenever posts and vacancies are filled up and notifications for recruitments must clearly prescribe reservation percentages.The institute also allegedly violated the provisions provided by the Ministry of Home Affairs. On September 30, 1974, the Home Affairs Ministry had said that “all autonomous bodies — cooperatives, municipalities, universities and institutes, which are receiving grant-in-aid from the central government are directed to take suitable action for providing suitable reservation for SC/ST. Suitable provisions in the relevant statutes or in the Article of respective bodies need to be made.”
EXPAND Is This What Brings Things Into Focus? by U.K. artists Joanne Tatham and Tom O'Sullivan Shane Lopes
While music and selfies are the main draw at Coachella, the festival's art installations offer some of the most Instagrammable moments. In years past, festivalgoers have witnessed a wide variety of works: colorful, intricately patterned structures by L.A.-based artist Shrine; Philip K. Smith's mirrored monoliths; local Coachella Valley artists Date Farmers' boxy iconography; and who can forget Poetics Kinetics' slow-roaming giant snail in 2013 or their gargantuan astronaut in 2014? This year, Goldenvoice enlisted four American and international artists to create some of the biggest installations in the festival's history. We caught up with some of the artists to talk about the inspiration behind their whimsical works.
EXPAND Adam Frezza and Terri Chiao created an expansive sculpture park called The Chiaozza Garden. Shane Lopes
The Chiaozza Garden
by Adam Frezza and Terri Chiao, Brooklyn
Terri Chiao: We've been working together for five and a half years. Our practice has grown out of our relationship with each other. We're dating, we're in love, that kind of thing. Our work is about this domestic play we have together. We try to think about things that were inspired by nature, walking on the edge of experiencing and seeing. I think we are trying to bring in that sense of discovery and pleasure into our work. Our projects are sculptural in some way, whether it's painted papier-mâché or wood. This project was taken to a large scale and was inspired from some of our paper sculptures. These sculptures were made of wood frame and stucco.
Adam Frezza: We think about experiential moments, whether it's on a small or a large scale. We aren't animators or illustrators, but we reference certain things from those worlds. We have a series called the Cartoon Plant Sculptures. It's like imagining if Jim Davis made a series of plants, like if Garfield had a plant collection. Using those prompts gives us permission to make forms look a certain way. The cartoon aspect of what we do isn't something we try to keep away; we try to dance with it and refine and bring a certain elegance to it, as to not get too quirky.
Chiao: Talking about animation and “characterness” of things, the forms really started to take on a life of their own as we're working, from a small drawing to a model to an armature to a finished piece. At different points, they've taken on different characters. I've become very fond of the ones that are bending or leaning over. They look like they're engaging with the person looking at it or that they're looking at the ground, being sad or thoughtful. I think it's exciting to have so many sculptures because people will find their favorites. They will take lots of pictures with them or make it their meeting point or even give them names. We saw a little girl about 3 or 4 wearing big headphones, because her parents wanted her ear buds to stay fine, and she kept hugging one of the sculptures. I thought it was really adorable. It makes you remember being a kid, where there's always something that you want to hug or run to. That experience can be lasting for people.
EXPAND Chiaozza's sculpture garden was influenced by cartoons and artists like Ken Price. Shane Lopes
What kind of influence did you take from the Coachella area?
Chiao: Our palette was developed when we came out last year for the festival to do research, and we went on drives through Joshua Tree and other areas. The sky and the shift of light at dusk is so special out here, and the way flowers and plants can thrive and grow in this pretty extreme environment is pretty inspiring. We love those bleached-out lime bushes with yellow flowers. We were playing with the tonal shifts in the sky and how the dusty desert, seen in the right light, can be filled with colors.
Frezza: We were also thinking of the idea of a mirage. This garden is a substantial mirage too, it exists for these two weekends, and beyond that it becomes a memory. It brings a certain hallucination to life.
EXPAND Brazilian artist Gustavo Prado and his piece Lamp Beside the Golden Door Shane Lopes
Lamp Beside the Golden Door
by Gustavo Prado, Brazil
Related Stories Has Coachella Gotten Too Crowded?
What was the inspiration behind your piece?
Gustavo Prado: It's a system that involves breakage and convex and concave mirrors. I was thinking about Richard Serra and sculptors who deal with a lot of mass. Instead I tried to conform to whatever is around the piece, and the viewers and their bodies. Although it has a very clear structure and clear identity, it absorbs everything around it. Every piece of art is an index of things that you can relate it with. In California we have this amazing sky. We're close to Mexico with those beautiful ruins. I started remembering how [the Aztecs] were using paths of light [in the temples], and how they would track the paths of the planets and the stars through those chambers. Down here in the desert, I think about that too, how this piece looks like an astronomy experiment. At one point in the day, it looks like 12 suns. Then at night you have a huge moon that comes up, and the mirrors turn in that direction, too.
There's also the selfie thing, that some folks try to diminish as a minor experience but is so much part of culture today, and very present for an entire generation of people. I think that the piece shouldn't avoid that experience; instead, it concentrates it and observes how people observe themselves.
Is there a political message hidden in your work?
I tried in the context of a music festival that's about joy and celebration to slightly pull toward a more political tone, but it's there in a very subtle way. I needed to create a landmark and incorporate the political climate of the last few months. I tried to make it be welcoming to people from a distance, kind of like a lighthouse structure, with a light that signals that everyone is welcome to be here.
Also the piece encourages people to ask, "Who am I and who are these people around me?" So many people try to take their selfies by using the piece. Yet there are so many people around them trying to do the same, but the mirrors are concave and convex, so you never get an isolated view of just yourself. Everything around you is included, so it says a lot of how we need to be more accepting of other people's points of view.
EXPAND Brooklyn/Nigerian artist Olalekan Jeyifous and his towering Crown Ether Shane Lopes
Crown Ether
by Olalekan Jeyifous, Brooklyn
What is the concept behind this work?
Olalekan Jeyifous: There are several narratives occurring concurrently in it. On the one hand, it's sort of an extension from this piece in Socrates Sculpture Park called Conditions of Exile. I had one building sitting on top of a trunklike base with a long aisle in between. The idea behind that is you have these new luxury developments that occur in very rich neighborhoods that have a strong history, but they are detached. The idea is elevating the building above the community that it occupies was part of that narrative for that project. But then for this one, I was continuing the idea of the community being aloft but transforming that from a scale of 12 feet tall to 50 feet tall, and then adding the plate and the base — and that was kind of connecting the two communities as well. Because now the shadow provides shade, and the base provides a respite [from the heat]. I was also thinking about, since the beginning of time, gathering around the shade of the tree where people would gather and talk and share stories.
What kind of things from your own background influenced the piece and/or the way it looks?
I went to school for architecture, and I started a practice in 2008 that I had for about four years, but I left it to focus more on art. So all of my stuff has speculative architecture at the center of it, from design projects to things I dream up based on particular narratives. And being born in Nigeria, and moving to a whole bunch of cities within the United States — I moved like every three to four years — so I [also] have a kind of detachment perspective. I'm kind of navigating these spaces that features in my work: It's detachment, community, being introduced to new spaces and trying to figure out how you fit within those spaces — playing off the idea of participation as well as alienation. It's essential to what I do.
Did your Nigerian heritage influence how you created this piece?
In the actual shapes and forms, I'm inspired by brutalism as well. And it does tie into my background and being born in Nigeria. Because a lot of my work focuses on a political narrative. Nigeria gained independence in 1961, and a lot of the new buildings signified nation-building, and a lot of the prominent civic buildings in Nigeria, and throughout West Africa, are these very iconic and brutalist, modernist architecture. So that architectural language throughout West Africa became almost synonymous with the architectural language of newly independent countries. I played around a little bit with that, because I visually like the brutalist and modernist language, and the simplicity in geometric lines. But also I'm interested in the politics of how architects from England and Europe are defining the national architectural language of newly African countries and the kind of interesting relationship there. I play around with that and I kind of transform it into my lens through my specific experiences and background.
EXPAND Is This What Brings Things Into Focus?, by Joanne Tatham and Tom O'Sullivan Shane Lopes
Is This What Brings Things Into Focus?
By Joanne Tatham and Tom O'Sullivan, United Kingdom
What was the vision behind your giant works at Coachella?
Joanne Tatham: We wanted to make a work that awkwardly masquerades its presence at Coachella. The patterns are carnivalesque and were designed as such in response to the festival context. However, we were also interested in how these exuberant patterns are at odds with the expressions on the faces on the constructions. Despite their hats (or are they horns?) they present as somewhat reluctant partygoers.
What is your creative process like for developing pieces for music festivals? How do you think your pieces interact with the music?
Tatham: This is the first time we've made a work for a music festival. It's a very different context to the ones we usually work with, but that's why we wanted to do it. That's what made it interesting for us. We've always been interested in the aesthetics of music festivals. I'm thinking here about the 1970 documentary on Woodstock (on which Martin Scorsese was one of the editors), or iconic images from, for example, the Isle of Wight festival.
What messages do you want Coachella goers to take away from the experience of interacting with your piece?
Tatham: Looking at all the Instagram posts, there's this real sense of Coachella being this big annual event in people's lives. Our work is very much part of that spectacle, in that moment. If it's thought about at all after the event, then it might be thought about quite differently.
The Juddernaut, 28, crashed out in the first round of the World Championship 12 months ago after boldly claiming it was his year.
But world No.3 Trump has toned down the bullish predictions ahead of the clash with qualifier and Crucible debutant Wakelin.
Trump, a finalist in 2011 said: “I have tried to stay under the radar more this year and let my snooker do the talking.
“And I came off Twitter in November, that is all part of the same thing really. I'll be back on it at some point though!
“Everyone my age has grown up in this social media age and I have actually enjoyed not being on my phone all the time and just practising.
TOKYO: Japan's Toshiba is to make a fresh start on selling a stake in its memory chip business, having announced on Tuesday that it could now sell most, or even all, of its prize asset, Jiji news agency said on Wednesday.
Toshiba had previously planned to sell only about 20 percent and closed the initial round of bids on Feb. 3 but bids from investment funds and some industrial suitors were lower than expected, Jiji said.
The fresh start could mean any sale would complete after the end of the financial year next month, meaning Toshiba would not be able to book the gain in this year's earnings, the report said.
Toshiba is the world's second-biggest NAND chip producer after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.
Potential buyers for the business include rivals such as SK Hynix Inc, Micron Technology Inc as well as investment fund Bain Capital, according to sources.
(Reporting by Junko Fujita; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
In his first appearance before the Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue defended President Donald Trump's budget in general, but said that in many areas he realizes he can "benefit from some guidance" from the appropriators.
"I am an outcome-based kind of guy, willing to be held accountable," Perdue said. "If you see things you disagree with, obviously I expect us to have a discussion about that or provide reasons for decisions that were made."
Perdue's willingness to deal with criticism from appropriators became particularly relevant in a discussion of his Tuesday announcement that he had named an assistant to the secretary on rural development. That decision, appointing Anne Hazlett, the chief Republican counsel on the Senate Agriculture Committee, to the new post, effectively eliminated the position of agriculture undersecretary for rural development.
Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee ranking member Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., and Senate Agriculture Committee ranking member Debbie Stabenow, D-Mich., had written Perdue only a few days earlier that they disagreed with the elimination of the undersecretary position, but he went ahead with the decision, even though a formal comment period on his planned reorganization of USDA was still open.
In the press release announcing the naming of Hazlett, Perdue defended the department's shift by saying the new position will report directly to him, which allows "rural America (to) have a seat at the main table and have walk-in privileges with the secretary on day one."
Merkley made his displeasure about the decision clear at the hearing.
"It caught many of us off guard when you filled the position of assistant to the secretary of (rural development) before even the comment period was completed. Why? If you open up a comment period, why not wait until you get the comments before you proceed?," Merkley said.
"The fact that the announcement was made before the comment period ended made us feel that probably our comments had not been read or taken into account in making the decision, and that it was predetermined," he added.
Perdue responded that USDA had only 30 days to name the rural development assistant after announcing the reorganization, and that he had not received many comments opposing the abolition of the undersecretary.
On Tuesday, however, about 600 groups sent letters to Congress opposing what they considered a downgrading of rural development. Holding up a copy of that letter at the hearing, Perdue said that those groups "will see at the end of the day we mean well by them."
Regardless of how this decision may play out, Perdue again stressed his openness to feedback, saying "I hope that you will hold me accountable on this. If you do not think we are making progress in rural development by the time the farm bill comes up, I'd welcome you all to direct us to create the nomenclature for an undersecretary of rural development. I can assure you whatever you want to call it, we are going to do the best for rural America."
When asked about a series of popular USDA programs that Trump threatened to cut — crop insurance, research and development, family housing, water and sewer grants, export assistance, and food aid, including the McGovern-Dole school feeding program — Perdue said he would take guidance from the committee.
But he also gave hints of smaller changes the administration may want. Perdue said he doesn't see the USDA housing progam "diminished," but that there may be more guaranteed loans rather than direct loans.
When Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman John Hoeven, R-N.D., stressed the importance of rural electricity and broadband internet access, Perdue said, "Amen and amen. Rural broadband is no longer a luxury."
Farmers need it for precision agriculture and children and grandchildren need it so for school and games, just like children in the cities, he said.
Hoeven also praised Perdue for his rollback of some of the rules for school meals. Perdue responded that he trusts school food service professionals and intends to assemble "a large group of them and let them guide us on school nutrition."
Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., criticized USDA's decision to maintain imports of Brazilian meat despite a scandal in that country involving tainted meat, but Perdue said he was following the lead of USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service professionals who said none of the plants involved in the scandal are exporting to the U.S.
USDA has a "zero-tolerance policy" when it comes to food safety, Perdue said, adding that the proper vetting has been done and that the meat is safe to consume.
Tester and Merkley both expressed annoyance that the Chinese have demanded traceability of beef and that meatpackers have agreed to achieve those goals, even though they opposed country-of-origin labeling for red meat in the U.S.
Tester said he thought the meatpackers' statements on COOL was "baloney."
Perdue said he thought it was "hamburger" and that the meatpackers want to serve the 1.3 billion consumers in China.
Perdue also noted that the U.S. ended its country-of-origin labeling program for red meat in order to comply with a World Trade Organization decision. If Congress wants to revisit that issue, he said, he would be ready to implement the program.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (WIVB) — Police say a man was driving 109 mph when he was pulled over and arrested for DWI.
Officers spotted 24-year-old Adam Lauer of Lockport travelling 109 mph in a 65 mph zone on the 219 Sunday. After failing several field sobriety tests, Lauer was found to have a .16% B.A.C.
He was arrested and charged with speeding, reckless driving and two counts of DWI.
Lauer posted 200 dollars bail and is scheduled to appear in Orchard Park Town Court at a later date.
AP
The Steelers have selected outside linebackers in the first round of two of the last three drafts and the plan for this year is to let Bud Dupree and T.J. Watt to play as much as possible rather than in a rotation with other players.
Outside linebackers coach Joey Porter said that the team has used a variety of players in recent years “just to try to get something out of everybody,” but that they feel Dupree and Watt are capable of being full-time fixtures at the position in the same way that Porter and Jason Gildon were in their playing days.
Porter said the two linebackers will “play until they're tired,” which leaves James Harrison with a different role that he's had in past seasons.
“He's a relief pitcher,” Porter said, via the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. “Until we need you, the young guys are going to play. You're a good safety net to have; if somebody's not getting the job done, we happen to know we have a wily veteran that we can put into the game. But to be honest going in, we have two young first-rounders who shouldn't be tired. And when they do get tired, we'll make the adjustments we need to.”
Watt had two sacks on the first two drives of Pittsburgh's preseason opener against the Giants while Dupree did not play. He's expected to play against the Falcons this week and Porter made it clear that the team has high expectations for both players in 2017.
BAGHDAD/TIKRIT, Iraq: At least 16 people were killed by a car bomb in a busy square in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district on Monday, while Islamic State attacks on military positions north of the capital killed 16 pro-government fighters, sources said.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast, which also wounded more than 40 people, but Islamic State regularly targets civilian areas in the heavily fortified capital, even after losing most of the northern and western territory it seized in 2014.
Three bombs killed 29 people across the capital on Saturday, and an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven policemen dead.
U.S.-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Islamic State, the Sunni Muslim militant group, from the northern city of Mosul, the fighters' last major stronghold in the country, but are facing fierce resistance.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for Islamic State's self-styled caliphate, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Since the offensive began on Oct. 17, elite forces have retaken a quarter of Mosul in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said the group would be driven out of the country by April.
As clashes continued in and around Mosul on Monday, Islamic State also targeted military positions away from the main battlefield.
Militants attacked an army barracks near Baiji, 180 km (112 miles) north of Baghdad, killing four soldiers and wounding 12 people, including Sunni tribal fighters, army and police sources said.
They seized weapons there and launched mortars at nearby Shirqat, forcing security forces to impose a curfew and close schools and offices in the town, according to local officials and security sources.
Shirqat mayor Ali Dodah said Islamic State seized three checkpoints on the main road linking Baiji to Shirqat following the attacks. Shelling in Shirqat had killed at least two children, he told Reuters by phone.
In a separate incident, gunmen broke into a village near Udhaim, 90 km (56 miles) north of Baghdad, where they executed nine Sunni tribal fighters with shots to the head, police and medical sources said.
At least three pro-government Shi'ite militia fighters were also killed and seven wounded when militants attacked their position near Udhaim with mortar rounds and machine guns, police sources said.
(Reporting by Kareem Raheem and Ghazwan Hassan in Tikrit; Editing by Peter Graff)
The BJP unit in Maharashtra is prepared for mid-term polls, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has said.
Fadnavis made the remarks in reference to reports speculating mid-term polls in the state against the backdrop of farmers' stir for loan waiver in view of the agrarian crisis.
The Fadnavis government had agreed to the long-standing demand of farmers and announced a loan waiver for them last Sunday.
“Some people said (when the agitation was on) that they will bring the government down, they will withdraw support. I said we are ready for mid-term polls.
“If someone wants to impel us to go for mid-term polls, I am confident we will be able to form government again,” Fadnavis told reporters here without naming any party.
Buoyed by the BJP's success in Maharashtra local bodies' polls, held recently, Fadnavis exuded confidence that people of the state were with the saffron party notwithstanding various agitations in the state.
“That success was unprecedented. No other party achieved such success. The Congress-NCP couldn't attend the success even during their hay days. So, people believe in the government,” he said.
Talking to a Marathi news channel recently, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut had suggested that his party, a BJP ally in the state government, would withdraw support if the loan waiver was not announced.
Teenager Preps To Run In 2018 Kansas Governor's Race
High school junior Jack Bergerson decided to run as a Democrat after he found out there was no age requirement. He says he wants to focus on health care and would support legalizing medical marijuana.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Good morning. I'm Rachel Martin. What were you doing when you were 16 years old? I am guessing you were not planning a run for governor, which is what Jack Bergerson of Kansas is doing. When he found out there is no age requirement to be the governor there, he decided to run as a Democrat in the 2018 race. The high school junior says he wants to focus on health care and would support legalizing medical marijuana, never mind the fact that he won't even be able to vote when the election comes around. It's MORNING EDITION.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The Three Lions secured their place in the World Cup quarter-finals last night after a tense penalty shoot-out against Colombia.
Gareth Southgate's team will now take on the Swedes after they knocked Switzerland out in their final 16 game.
And England fans have promised to boycott the famous Swedish furniture store IKEA if their team lose.
One wrote wrote on Twitter: “YOU LOT THINK ITS A JOKE IF ENGLAND LOSE AGAINST SWEDEN IM GOING TO IKEA AND UNSCREWING ALL THE SHOW CABINETS AND BEDS [sic].”
Another said: “If Sweden beat us Saturday I'll never go to ikea again. I'd urge my fellow countrymen to do the same.”
Getty Images
Washington cornerback Josh Norman‘s rib injury will cost him four weeks.
Norman wrote on Twitter today that he'll be free to return in four weeks. With Washington on its bye this week, that would mean Norman would miss three games, against the 49ers, Eagles and Cowboys.
Norman started all 16 games last year, his first season in Washington, and has started all four games this year. But he left Monday nights game with the Chiefs with a rib injury that has been described as significant enough that it also affected his lung.
Washington's defense is off to a very good start this year, but losing Norman is a big blow.
City council votes to terminate Marco manager Lee Niblock
The Marco Island city council voted 7-0 Monday to terminate city manager Lee Niblock.
Marco Island Police received a complaint against Niblock for battery on Feb. 8 and notified the council they were investigating him.
MORE: Embattled Marco Island city manager hints at mass firing in leaked email
The council terminated him “for cause.”
WINK News will have more on this vote tonight at 10 and 11.
MORE: Marco Island city manager under investigation for battery
NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks jumped on Wednesday (May 30) as investors took a more optimistic stance on the Italian political crisis that sent them fleeing in the prior session.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 306.33 points (1.26 per cent) to close the day at 24,667.78.
Advertisement
The broad-based S&P 500 advanced 34.15 points (1.27 per cent) to 2,724.01, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index rose 65.86 points (0.89 per cent) to 7,462.45.
The crisis in Italy continued to hover, with anti-establishment leader Luigi Di Maio seeking to resurrect a populist coalition that collapsed at the weekend by offering the president a compromise over a controversial pick for economy minister.
In any case, investors adopted a more benign view of the situation, bidding up bank shares that tumbled in Tuesday's session on what-ifs that included a eurozone implosion or widespread defaults.
"Yesterday was a bit overdone," said Nathan Thooft of Manulife Asset Management.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The reality is that the Italian political dynamics aren't going to be solved any time soon," he said. "The market today is realising we don't really know what the outcomes are going to be but we are not going to bet on the worst-case scenario."
US economic data was fairly positive if not stellar: the government estimated first-quarter growth at 2.2 per cent, a bit below the prior estimate.
And the private sector added 178,000 jobs in May, a bit below expectations in a report that comes ahead of the more closely-watched US jobs report on Friday.
A Federal Reserve "beige book" report described US firms as largely upbeat despite trade uncertainties and growing labour shortages.
MIAMI COUNTY — William C. Smith, 42, of Trotwood, appeared in Miami County Municipal Court on Monday morning and was arraigned on a charge of murder of Willard Higgins Jr. last Friday.
Smith entered a not guilty plea and bond was set for $500,000.
According to initial reports, Higgins Jr., 40, of Troy, died at Kettering Hospital in Kettering following a physical altercation with Smith in the 600 block of Walnut Street around 12:30 p.m. Friday.
Late Friday evening, Smith was detained by Washington Courthouse police and was incarcerated in the Fayette County Jail on drug charges before being transferred to Miami County over the weekend.
According to police records, following the altercation, Higgins allegedly had difficulty breathing and requested his blood pressure medication. Higgins' girlfriend then called 911 and was transported to Upper Valley Medical Center. Higgins apparently suffered a heart attack and was on a breathing machine. Reports also state Higgins had a brain bleed and was transported by CareFlight to Kettering Hospital where he later died.
According to witnesses, Smith allegedly made a comment about Higgins' girlfriend which sparked the altercation.
An autopsy has been ordered and is underway at the Montgomery County Crime Lab.
A pre-trial hearing was set for Dec. 19 in Miami County Municipal Court.
Smith Smith
Smith allegedly killed Willard Higgins Jr. in a physical fight Friday
- Advertisement -
Yakubu Dogara, speaker of the house of representatives, says former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar backed Bukola Saraki's bid to be senate president in 2015 — despite strong opposition from the leadership of the Progressives Congress (APC), apparently including President Muhammadu Buhari.
Dogara himself was not supported to be speaker by the party hierarchy, but he braved all opposition — including that from Bola Tinubu, a respected leader of APC — and went on to defeat the favoured Femi Gbajabiamila in a tight contest.
Atiku, Dogara and Atiku all moved from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in 2014 after the then-ruling party was internally fractured .
In his biography, ‘A Reed Made Flint', authored by Ovation publisher, Dele Momodu, Dogara provided more insight into the politics that ushered in the President Muhammadu Buhari administration in May 2015.
The biography is due for public presentation on December 26, 2017 to mark the 5oth birthday of the speaker.
Dogara told the author: “There was this particular time we were meeting with our leader in the North-East, His Excellency Atiku Abubakar at his residence. Our governor (Mohammed Abubakar) had come into town and some of our stakeholders in APC Bauchi had gone to see Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. Somehow, Asiwaju (Bola Tinubu) and one other person walked into that meeting and he did not waste time in pushing his Gbajabiamila agenda forward.
- Advertisement -
“He spoke passionately about the role he had played in APC, the way he had built bridges between the South-West and the North and he appealed to my brothers and sisters who were there, all the political leaders and stakeholders of APC from my state to prevail on me to stop this race and support his candidate Femi Gbajabiamila to become Speaker. After he had spoken, he left.
“If I don't say this to Alhaji Atiku Abubakar's credit I will not be fair to him. It will amount to travesty. At the time when most leaders in the APC were not showing sympathy to our cause, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar came out as one solid voice in support of both the candidature of the now Senate President (Bukola Saraki) and my humble self.
“He said the North-East must have a position and it was his duty as a leader from the North-East to support that goal. And more so, because of the religious demography of Nigeria there was the need to have a Northern minority Christian in government as that would help to smoothen religious engagement and relationship in the North and put paid to the insinuation that APC was just a Muslim party.”
While Dogara started his speakership on a relatively smooth note, Saraki was charged before the code of conduct tribunal over allegations of false declaration of assets while he was governor of Kwara state from 2003-2007.
Atiku recently returned to the PDP, where he is expected to contest for the presidential ticket ahead of a potential battle with Buhari in 2019.
Some unknown gunmen have abducted a traditional ruler in Kogi, a family source said in Lokoja on Sunday.
The monarch, whose name was given as Alhaji Isah Achuja, the Ohi of Ajaokuta, was returning from Lokoja, the state capital, on Saturday when his vehicle was intercepted on the Lokoja-Ajaokuta road at gunpoint and the ruler taken to an unknown destination.
A member of the royal family, who did not want his name in print, told newsmen that an aide to the traditional ruler and his driver narrowly escaped being hit by the bullets of the abductors.
He said the abductors had already contacted the family and demanded a N20 million ransom.
The State Police Command's spokesman, ASP Williams Aya, said the incident had not been reported to the command.
He, however, promised that police would swing into action in a bid to rescue the monarch as soon as the details of the abduction were available.
The Toronto Maple Leafs will be getting a top-four defenseman back tonight, and the Washington Capitals may be missing one.
Karl Alzner will be a game-time decision for Game 3 of the Leafs-Caps series at ACC. If he doesn't play, it will be his first missed game in seven years.
The Caps did not say what was bothering Alzner, but he did not participate in this morning's skate.
From the Washington Post:
Alzner owns the franchise record for consecutive games played with 540 consecutive regular-season games, and he's also played in 59 straight playoff games. He had sports hernia surgery this summer after partially tearing a groin muscle in Washington's last playoff game a year ago. Though Alzner didn't miss a game during the regular season, the recovery from groin injuries is arduous, and it has occasionally hindered Alzner.
Nate Schmidt is expected to draw in if Alzner can't go. Schmidt has not played much since Kevin Shattenkirk was acquired, but the 25-year-old did get into 60 games this season, scoring three goals with 14 assists.
“Nate has played really well,” head coach Barry Trotz said, per CSN Mid-Atlantic. “He's a really good player. We're real fortunate to have a guy that's played in our top six all year that got bumped down to seventh. So we've got a lot of confidence in Nate. The last couple of years he's really developed.”
As the frenzy for the upcoming solar eclipse rises, we found the best tasty treat to enjoy during the celestial phenomena.
You'll have to head to Portland but that will get you closer to the eclipse and in the same town as Salt & Straw – home of the Eclipse Magic Cone.
RELATED: Krispy Kreme Making Chocolate Glazed Doughnuts For 3 Days Only
The Brainchild of co-founder Tyler Malek, the Eclipse Magic Cone consists of turmeric ice cream with homemade marshmallow fluff topped with a cocoa-black sesame shell and charcoal-dusted pop rocks served in a burnt coconut ash waffle cone painted with some edible gold.
“We're about to feast our eyes on one of the universe's greatest visual-light performances in history, and I think creating a special ice cream treat and selling it for the weekend is like making shirts of your favorite band and selling them in the mosh pit,” Malek told Food & Wine. “It's a tiny speck in the vastness of amazing-ness; but, then again, what would a concert be like if you couldn't buy the shirt to prove you went?”
So hit the road to Portland and don't forget your safety glasses.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
Malayalam TV actress Surya Sasikumar has made it to the headline, and not for the right reason. The actress, her sister, Shruthi and her mother Rema Devi were arrested from Kochi, Idukki after the seizure of fake currency notes. They were arrested with fake notes with face value of Rs. 57 lakh from their residence at Kollam. Surya's mother is said to be kingpin of the case. The actress and her family have been taken to Kattapana in Idukki district.
Police chief KB Venugopal while talking to PTI said, "She had allowed the upper portion of her premises at Kollam to be used for the illegal activity. She had also financed the cost for printing (the fake notes) by spending about Rs. 4.36 lakh."
"Over half a dozen more accused will soon be nabbed," he added.
Venugopal stated that from fake currency notes in various stages of printing and materials, to the tune of Rs. 7 crore were seized from their residence at Kollam.
A couple of days ago, Police seized fake currency notes with face value of Rs. 2.25 lakh from Annakarayi in Idukki and three men, including a former soldier was arrested. During the interrogation, they revealed the names of the three women.
There's nothing better than a good night's sleep, waking refreshed and ready to take on whatever the day has to throw at you.
But, according to new research*, more of us than you might imagine suffer from disturbed sleep, waking up in the night once, twice, three times or more.
Here's ten reasons people say they can't get a good night's sleep.
1. Going to the toilet
Nearly half those surveyed (47 per cent) have to get up to use the loo during the night. This happens more often if we've had liquids before going to bed, and functions as nature's own little alarm clock. Unfortunately, it usually goes off around 3am…
2. Being woken up by discomfort
A bad back or even general aches and pains are keeping 19 per cent of us awake at night.
3. Snoring
A hefty 41 per cent of us fed up of having to poke our other halves until they turn over.
4. Being edged out
A sizeable 25per cent of us wake up to find ourselves occupying a sliver of space on the edge of the bed, as our partners have managed to occupy our side as well as theirs.
5. Tossing and turning
This affects 10.5 per cent of us too, whether it's us doing it, or our partners.
6. Bedroom talk
10 per cent of us have to put up with our partner talking, or making other weird noises, in their sleep.
7. Phone problems
10 per cent of us are woken up by our partner looking at their phone, because no matter what manufacturers say, the light that emits from them at night is still enough to wake people up.
8. Brought to book
4.6 per cent of us are woken by a partner who is watching TV or reading (presumably because they can't get to sleep).
9. Bad dreams or nightmares
These affect 11 per cent of us - and who hasn't woken up sweating about the bogeyman under the bed?
10. Plain old anxiety
This affects 6 per cent of us. We're worrying about the next day at work, bills, relationships, waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get back to sleep...
* The survey of 2,000 British adults was carried out by mattress company Tweak Mattress.
Psychologist Robert Stewart said: “There are two main reasons our sleep is good or poor, and these are our sleep hygiene and our sleep cycles.
“Sleep hygiene relates to our ‘before-bed' routine. Not drinking or eating a lot, choosing the same time to sleep each night, and not looking at phones, laptops or TV in bed, to name a few.
“Getting these right should help in getting you off to sleep, but more importantly, there are the sleep cycles you go through.
“A person will go through five stages of sleep in a night and each of these vary in depth.
“Stage five or rapid eye movement (REM) stage is the lightest stage of sleep and this is where people are most likely to stir.
“Whilst we cannot control this, the surrounding environment, such as a partner snoring, other noise or discomfort, will impact on whether we return to sleep smoothly or are awoken.
“So to drift back to sleep seamlessly and without disturbance, ensure you have the best environment to aid this, whether it be earplugs or a comfortable mattress.”
The Cashmere Chamber of Commerce announced the recipients of their Business and Citizen of the Year awards for 2016. Chamber Manager Gina Imperato told KOHO the annual recognitions involve a bit of a twist this year.
The area residents who will share in the distinction of being Cashmere's Citizen of the Year are Tom Green and Jack Pusel. Both men are being venerated for their work to bring the 9/11 Spirit of America Memorial to the city of just over 3,000 residents.
Green was born in Wenatchee, but has long called Cashmere his hometown where he also served two years as first Chair on the Chamber's Economic Development Committee. Pusel is a Monitor resident who graduated from Cashmere High School in 1963 and has been involved for many years with town events like the annual Founders' Days celebration.
Imperato said the process for nominating and selecting the recipients is very community centered.
The 2016 Cashmere Business of the Year is Sure To Rise Bakery. Owner and head baker Vince Bosket has operated the business for over 40 years and not only turns out more than 600 donuts every day for hungry locals and visitors, but has also continually invested in the community since opening in 1986.
Sure To Rise and Bosket, along with Green and Prusel will all be honored for their local contributions at the annual Cashmere Chamber of Commerce Auction & Recognition Dinner, which takes place Friday, March 24 at 5:30 p.m. at the Cashmere Riverside Center. The event is a major fundraiser for the Chamber and tickets are on sale now for $30 at the Chamber office, 103 Cottage Avenue in Cashmere.
By Stephen Asante, GNA
Kumasi, July 04, GNA - The Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly (KMA) has sought the assistance of the Ministry of Works and Housing to conduct integrity test on all bridges on the major drains in the Metropolis.
The move is to assess their state, while working to rehabilitate those requiring urgent repairs in order to endure.
Mr. Osei Assibey-Antwi, the Metropolitan Chief Executive (MCE), told the Ghana News Agency (GNA), Kumasi, that the Assembly was worried over the manner in which those bridges got overflowed, especially in the rainy season.
Preliminary studies by the Assembly, he said, had identified that some of the bridges were over aged, while others also needed major expansion works.
This he said was necessary to open them up to be able to absorb the shocks associated with the perennial flooding in the Metropolis.
Mr. Assibey-Antwi hinted that in view of the seriousness of the situation, the sector Minister, Mr. Samuel Atta-Akyea, was in the Metropolis last week-end for feasibility studies on some of the bridges.
Meanwhile, the Assembly Member for Deduako near the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST), Mr. Emmanuel Oduro, has appealed to the government to act swiftly to repair the bridge spanning a small stream that links Deduako to Emina.
The facility had since last week collapsed, following a heavy downpour which claimed five lives, with two still declared missing.
The Assembly Member said the development had brought lots of challenges to the two communities as drivers and traders, as well as residents in the area found it difficult to go about their normal businesses.
GNA
LONDON/BEIJING - China's Nanjing Hanrui Cobalt, which sells the metal to a firm approved by the London Metal Exchange, said it was unable to ascertain that its products did not involve the use of child labour in Africa.
Nanjing Hanrui is a supplier to another Chinese company, Yantai Cash, which is on the LME's list of firms whose cobalt meets its quality standards.
Concerns about the sourcing of Yantai's metal have reduced interest in the LME's cobalt contract, trading sources said, although there is no proof to date that children are involved in its extraction.
The issue is sensitive because cobalt chemicals are used in batteries to power the electric vehicles whose rapid growth is revolutionising the motor industry. Car companies are worried about possible scarcities of responsibly sourced cobalt.
Nanjing Hanrui said in a statement that it was examining its cobalt supply chain in the Democratic Republic of Congo, adding that initial findings showed "a part" of its cobalt came from "small-scale mining and artisanal mining areas".
As this investigation started just over a month ago, the company still lacked experience in supply chain compliance management and it was "not yet possible to judge whether there is a risk of child labour," the statement said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nanjing Hanrui said it was stepping up its supply chain studies with the help of experts.
Liu Xiaohan, manager of the international trade department at Yantai Cash, said in an emailed response that the firm bought part of its cobalt from Nanjing Hanrui, which is a business partner of Yantai Cash.
"We are currently unable to confirm what you discuss about Nanjing Hanrui's artisanal mining and the risk of it involving child labour," Liu said.
This is because Yantai Cash has just started to set up a responsible management system and has not yet completed supply chain traceability, he added.
Yantai Cash's metal can be delivered against the LME's cobalt contract, which was launched in 2010.
The LME said action would be taken if any evidence was found of practices that fell below its standards.
Concerns arose in the market about the source of Yantai's metal in June after it started buying from Hanrui, sources said.
"The market is worried Yantai's cobalt is sullied by child labour, the LME should take it off the deliverable list," a source on the exchange's cobalt committee said.
The source said customers did not want to take the risk of getting Yantai metal. "They are shunning the contract."
TAINTED
Cobalt metal is used in alloys for jet engines, while cobalt chemicals are a key ingredient for rechargeable lithium-ion batteries used to power electric vehicles.
Consumers worried about potential scandal are under pressure to ensure the cobalt they use is not tainted by child labour in DRC, the source of about 65 percent of the world's cobalt.
Concerns about shortages of cobalt from untainted sources have prompted carmakers to take steps to secure supplies for the longer term.
Volkswagen last month held talks with Glencore, China's Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt, commodity trader Traxys, U.S. miner Freeport-McMoran and Eurasian Resources Group about securing cobalt supplies.
"Besides supplies and costs, other topics in discussion include future capacity expansion, sustainability and transparency," a VW representative said.
A report last month from Amnesty International said about a fifth of cobalt production in the DRC is mined by hand, including by children, often in dangerous conditions.
"At least on a temporary basis, they have to ban Yantai Cash from the good delivery list," a cobalt industry source said, adding that worries about Yantai metal had negatively impacted prices, volumes traded and open interest, a measure of the flow of money into the market.
LME cobalt at around US$70,000 a tonne has recently traded well below benchmark prices gathered by Metal Bulletin, a trade publication.
The discount has widened since June 19, when worries about where Yantai's material was sourced from started to filter through the market. It has averaged US$4,500 a tonne since June 19 from near US$400 a tonne between Jan 2 and June 16.
Open interest crashed by more than 40 percent to 308 tonnes between June 19 and 22, while volumes traded on the LME in the third quarter at 1,949 tonnes are less than half the levels in the previous three quarters.
RESPONSIBLE SOURCING INITIATIVES
Yantai Cash said it is willing to work with companies in the cobalt supply chain "as well as other stakeholders to promote the alleviation of child labour and other human rights risks".
It recently submitted an application to join China's Responsible Cobalt Initiative (RCI). A representative of the RCI secretariat said Yantai Cash's application would be accepted by Dec. 12 if there are no objections from the RCI board.
The RCI was formed last year under the umbrella of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce of Metals, Minerals and Chemicals Importers & Exporters (CCCMC). Its members agreed last month to establish the association as a legal entity with more than 20 members involved in the cobalt supply chain
The LME too has been looking at the subject of responsible sourcing and has been working with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, which gets involved in setting such standards, for several years.
"There is no international standard in this area and the jurisdictional differences between certification regimes, audits and codes are extensive," the LME spokesperson said.
Last month the exchange sent out a survey on responsible sourcing, auditing and certification of metal to all producers delivering metal against LME contracts.
"The LME's recent survey sent to all LME-listed producers was designed to elicit further information with regard to the sourcing of materials," a statement said.
"We have been clear that any evidence of sub-standard practices that fall short of our requirements would be investigated by the LME and action would be taken," it added.
The LME said it wanted to apply international standards on responsible sourcing. These would cover sustainable environmental management and occupational health, required for producers wanting to deliver against LME contracts.
(Reporting by Pratima Desai; Additional reporting by Tom Daly; Editing by Veronica Brown and Giles Elgood)
When I learned of the death of Kamal al-Assar, a few years ago, I was baffled. He was only in his 40s. I remember him in his prime, a young rebel, leading the neighborhood youth, armed with rocks and slingshots, in a hopeless battle against the Israeli army. Understandably, we lost, but we won something far more valuable than a military victory. We reclaimed our identity.
At every anniversary of the First Palestinian Intifada, a popular uprising that placed the Palestinian people firmly on the map of world consciousness, I think of all the friends and neighbors I have lost, and those I have left behind. The image of Ra'ed Mu'anis, in particular, haunts me. When an Israeli sniper's bullet plunged into his throat, he ran across the neighborhood to find help before he collapsed at the graffiti-washed walls of my house.
"Freedom. Dignity. Revolution," was written in large red letters on the wall, a pronouncement signed by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.
Only later I learned that Kamal was the one who carried Ra'Ed out of the firing zone. But it was too late. Ra'Ed, a skinny and feeble teenager, with a distinct black mark on his forehead had bled alone at the steps of my home. When he was buried, hundreds of refugees descended on the Martyrs Graveyard. They carried Palestinian flags and chanted for the Intifada and the long-coveted freedom. Ra'Ed's mother was too weakened by her grief to join the procession. His father tried to stay strong, but wept uncontrollably instead.
Kamal was revitalized by the Intifada. When the uprising broke out, he emerged from his own solitude. Life made sense once again.
For him, as for me and many of our generation, the Intifada was not a political event. It was an act of personal – as much as collective – liberation: the ability to articulate who we were at a time when all seemed lost. The Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) languished in Tunisia after being forced to leave Lebanon in 1982. Arab governments seemed to have lost interest in Palestine altogether. Israel emerged triumphant and invincible.
And we – those living under protracted military occupation – felt completely abandoned.
When, on December 8, 1987, thousands took to the streets of Jabaliya Refugee Camp, the Gaza Strip's largest and poorest camp, the timing and the location of their uprising was most fitting, rational and necessary. Earlier on that day, an Israeli truck had run over a row of cars carrying Palestinian laborers, killing four young men. For Jabaliya, as with the rest of Palestine, it was the last straw.
Responding to the chants and pleas of the Jabaliya mourners, the refugees in my refugee camp – Nuseirat – marched to the Israeli military barracks, known as the "tents", where hundreds of soldiers had tormented my camp's residents for years.
In the morning of December 9, thousands of Nuseirat youth took to the streets and vowed to avenge the innocent blood of the Jabaliya victims of the previous day. They swung large flags made of silky fabric that swayed beautifully in Gaza's salty air and, as the momentum grew and they became intoxicated by their own collective chants, they marched to the "tents" where the soldiers were uneasily perched on the tops of watchtowers, hiding behind their binoculars and automatic machine guns.
Within minutes, a war had started and a third generation of refugee-camp-born fellahin peasants stood fearlessly against a well-equipped army that was visibly gripped by fear and confusion. The soldiers wounded many that day and several children were killed.
Kamal was on the frontlines. He waved the largest flag, chanting the loudest, threw rocks the furthest and incessantly urged young men not to retreat.
Kamal hated school as well as his teachers. To him they seemed so docile, adhering to the rules of the occupier which decreed that Palestinians not teach their own history, so that the fellahin were denied even the right to remember who they were or where they came from. The Intifada was the paradigm shift that offered an alternative – however temporary, however chaotic – to the methodical humiliation of life under occupation.
Within hours, Kamal felt liberated. He was no longer tucked away in a dark room reading the works of Marx and Gramsci. He was in the streets of Nuseirat fashioning his own utopia.
The Intifada was that transformational period that saved a generation from being entirely lost, and Palestine from being forgotten. It offered a new world, that of solidarity, camaraderie and wild youth who needed no one to speak on their behalf.
Within weeks of bloody clashes in which hundreds of youth fell dead or wounded, the nature of the Intifada became clearer. On one hand, it was a popular struggle of civil disobedience, mass protests, commercial and labor strikes, refusal to pay taxes and so on. On the other hand, militant cells of refugee youth were beginning to organize and leave their mark, as well.
The militancy of the Intifada did not become apparent until later, when the repression by the Israeli government grew more violent. Under the banner of the "Iron Fist" campaign, a new Israeli stratagem was devised, that of the "broken bones" policy. Once captured, youth had their hands and legs broken by soldiers in a systematic and heartless manner. In my neighborhood, children with casts and crutches seemed to outnumber those without.
Kamal was eventually detained from his home. He attempted to escape but the entire neighborhood was teeming with soldiers, who arrived at night as they always do. They commenced the torturous rite in his living room, as his mother – the resilient, Tamam – shoved her body between him and the ruthless men.
When Kamal regained consciousness, he found himself in a small cell, with thick, unwashed walls that felt cold and foreign. He spent most of his prison time in the torture chamber. His survival was itself nothing less than a miracle.
When the Oslo Accords were signed in 1993, officially ending the Intifada, Kamal's generation felt betrayed. Nothing good came out of that "peace", except that a few rich Palestinians grew even richer.
Kamal died a few years ago. I learned that his revolution never ceased. He became a teacher, laboring to reconstruct the history of his people at a local Gaza university. His mother, now an old refugee in Nuseirat is still heartbroken over her son's death. She told me that Kamal's wounds and physical ailments from prison never healed.
Kamal was a martyr, she told me. Perhaps the last martyr in an uprising that was not meant to liberate land, but liberate people from the idea that they were meant to exist as perpetual victims; and it did.
Ramzy Baroud is a journalist, author and editor of Palestine Chronicle. His forthcoming book is The Last Earth: A Palestinian Story (Pluto Press, London). Baroud has a Ph.D. in Palestine Studies from the University of Exeter and is a Non-Resident Scholar at Orfalea Center for Global and International Studies, University of California Santa Barbara. His website is www.ramzybaroud.net.
Read more by Ramzy Baroud
Posted by Josh Alper on January 2, 2017, 4:49 PM EST
The early names on the Chargers' list of head coach candidates suggest they have their eye on coaches with a defensive background.
Word on Monday was that the team requested permission to interview Patriots defensive coordinator Matt Patricia and Adam Schefter of ESPN reports that they have made the same request regarding Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph.
Joseph just completed his first year running the defense in Miami and was a defensive backs coach for several teams over the last decade. He interviewed with the Broncos for their head coaching position in 2015, so has seen his name come up with that job open again and has also been mentioned as a candidate for the 49ers.
In a press conference Monday, Chargers General Manager Tom Telesco said their pool of candidates is “pretty big right now” so Patricia and Joseph may have some company on the interview list soon.
The ninth installment of the Fast and Furious franchise, which was slated to release in the US in 2019, will now hit the screens in 2020.Universal Studios has announced that Fast and Furious 9 has been pushed from April 19, 2019 to April 10, 2020, reports aceshowbiz.com.The studio hasn't given any reason regarding the changed release date.There is also no word yet on whether the April 2, 2021 release date of Fast and Furious 10 has changed either. Following the release date change, Trolls 2 has now moved from the Fast 9 new date to February 14, 2020.Last month, Fast and Furious film franchise star Dwayne Johnson shared a cryptic Instagram photograph which many believed could have featured the actor signing his contract for a long-rumoured spin-off focusing on his character Luke Hobbs and Jason Statham's Deckard Shaw.While nothing has been confirmed yet, Johnson's co-star Tyrese Gibson slammed him on the photo-sharing site. He took to the comment section to express his frustration over the possible spin-off."If you move forward with that Hobbs Movie you will have purposely ignored the heart to heart moment we had in my sprinter. I don't wanna hear from you until you remember what we talked about. I'm on your timeline because you're not responding to my text messages - Fast Family is just that a family... We don't fly solo," Tyrese wrote.On October 4, just hours after the studio made the announcement of the release date change, Tyrese was back at it again with his online rant to throw shots at Johnson.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
In 1958, the US Air Force worked up ‘Project A119', a plan to plant a nuke on the moon.
Scientists were desperate to study the complex effects of a nuclear explosion in the vacuum of space.
Meanwhile military officials thought the blast - which would have been visible from Earth - would boost morale in the US amid Cold War tensions with Russia.
It was to be a “demonstration of advanced technological capability” and put the States on top.
Frances M. Kulik, Branson, 61, entered into rest Dec. 14, 2016. Cremation was under the direction of Snapp-Bearden Funeral Home and Crematory, Branson. Burial will be held at later date in Homer Glen, Ill.
Frances was born Dec. 11, 1955 in Germany to John and Elly (Holmann) Kulik. She had moved to Illinois from Germany and had moved to Branson from Skokie, Ill. Frances retired from a bank in Chicago, Ill. where she was an assist manager.
Frances is survived by her life partner Karl Kreb of sixteen years, Branson and one sister MaryAnn Toronto of Homer Glen, Ill. She will be missed by numerous friends and relatives
BEIJING: Heavy smog that blanketed northern China at the weekend cleared somewhat on Monday, with flights in Beijing back to normal, but it was likely only to be a brief respite with more choking smog expected to return to the wintry north within 24 hours.
Weather forecasts on Monday showed the smog would return to Beijing and nearby Tianjin city from Tuesday. It was expected to persist until Thursday in Hebei, the heavily industrialised province that surrounds the Chinese capital, and Henan and Shandong provinces as the north battles freezing temperatures.
Authorities have been issuing smog alerts across China's north since mid-December, leading to orders for hundreds of factories to cut production or close outright and for restrictions on motorists to cut emissions.
Pollution alerts are common in northern China, especially during winter when energy demand, much of it met by coal, soars.
A pollution index that measures the average concentration of small breathable particles, known as PM2.5, dropped to just over 100 micrograms per cubic metre in Beijing early on Monday from more than 500 on Sunday night.
The safe recommended level of PM2.5 is 10 micrograms per cubic metre, according to the World Health Organization.
A customer service staff member at the Beijing Capital International Airport said flights were returning to normal. Heavy smog on Sunday caused hundreds of flights to be cancelled and highways to shut, disrupting the first day of the New Year holiday.
On Monday, the Beijing government maintained its orange alert for heavy pollution and continued a ban on heavy-duty construction trucks from using the roads.
An orange alert is the second-highest level in a four-tier pollution warning system adopted by Beijing when China, worried that its heavy industrial past was tarnishing its global reputation and holding back development, declared a "war on pollution" in 2014.
Despite that declaration, public anger is mounting about pollution and what many Chinese sees as government talk, but little action, to end it. That anger has occasionally spilled over into protests.
Late on Sunday, the Ministry of Environmental Protection said 62 northern cities had issued yellow, orange or red alerts.
The latest bout of air pollution began on Friday. China has struggled to tackle the problem effectively after decades of breakneck economic growth, much of it based on heavy industry and the coal-fired power sector.
(Reporting by Cheng Fang and Chen Aizhu; Editing by Paul Tait)
by Tim Church
POINT LOOKOUT, Mo. – The Chronicle of Higher Education ranks College of the Ozarks number seven in the 25 Most-Selective 4-Year Colleges.
According to The Chronicle, all 25 of the private nonprofit institutions included in the publication, hold much higher yield rates or percentages of accepted students who enrolled, than other institutions.
Vice President for Patriotic Activities and Dean of Admission Dr. Marci Linson says they are honored that a very high percentage of students that the college offers admission to take C of O up on the once in a lifetime opportunity that Hard Work U provides.
Private institutions ranked alongside C of O includes the universities of Stanford, Harvard, Yale, Columbia and Princeton and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Full ranking list can be found here.
Posted by Josh Alper on January 2, 2017, 1:55 PM EST
The Broncos won in Week 17 to keep the Raiders from winning the AFC West, but their own playoff hopes went up in smoke thanks to three losses over the previous three weeks.
The team produced just 23 points in those three losses, which led to questions about whether the Broncos would start Paxton Lynch over Trevor Siemian in the season finale. The Broncos didn't go that route and General Manager John Elway said on Monday that the team isn't going into the offseason with definitive plans to address the position.
“I'm excited about the quarterbacks we have … last year it was my biggest concern, this year it's not,” Elway said. “Never say never [but] right now we're going forward with the two quarterbacks.”
The Broncos haven't hired a new head coach yet and the full menu of possible additions to the team hasn't come to light, so it's almost certainly too early to rule out anything at any spot.
New Delhi: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) on Tuesday welcomed the order of the government asking television channels not to air condom advertisements between 6 am and 10 pm.
In an advisory to all television channels on Monday, the Information and Broadcasting Ministry had asked channels to restrict condom advertisements to late night between 10 pm and 6 am.
"We have received complaints regarding condom advertisements showing inappropriate content. We welcome the decision of the government," NCPCR chairperson Stuti Kacker told PTI.
The ministry said that it was brought to its notice that some channels carry advertisements of condoms repeatedly which are alleged to be indecent, especially for children.
It referred to Rule 7(7) of the Cable Television Networks Rules 1994, which says, "No advertisement which endangers the safety of children or create in them any interest in unhealthy practices or shows them begging or in an undignified or indecent manner shall not be carried in the cable service".
It also cited Rule 7(8) which states that "indecent, vulgar, suggestive, repulsive or offensive themes or treatment shall be avoided in all advertisements".
TV channels are hereby advised not to telecast the advertisements of condoms, which are for a particular age group, and could be indecent/inappropriate for viewing by children, the advisory read.
With Simon Mignolet set to leave the club and Loris Karius' future in doubt, the Reds could be in the market for two stoppers.
Various names have been bandied about - Alisson of Roma, Jan Oblak of Atletico Madrid and even Chelsea's Thibaut Courtois.
But one face that hasn't been linked with Anfield, until now, is Albanian international goalkeeper Strakosha.
The 23-year-old played all 38 league matches for Lazio, as well as 10 Europa League matches,
And Tutto Mercado have reported that Liverpool are in for the Lazio star, to the tune of £25m.
Strakosha would represent a bargain compared with the eye-watering prices being quoted for Alisson and Oblak.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Rising government and public hostility towards the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community in Indonesia is threatening the battle against AIDS in the world's largest Muslim-majority country, activists and an official said.
JAKARTA: Rising government and public hostility towards the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community in Indonesia is threatening the battle against AIDS in the world's largest Muslim-majority country, activists and an official said.
Homosexuality is not regulated by law in Indonesia, except in the conservative province of Aceh, but the country has seen an increase in raids targeting LGBT people, which have forced many members of the community underground.
Advertisement
The group Human Rights Watch (HRW) said this week hostility was making it harder for the LGBT community to get access to public health programmes, putting people at greater risk of contracting the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which causes AIDS.
"The Indonesian government should recognise that its role in abuses against LGBT people is seriously compromising the country's response to HIV," said Kyle Knight, LGBT rights researcher at HRW and author of the report.
"One particularly troubling aspect of the anti-LGBT panic is that public health outreach to such populations has become far more difficult, making wider spread of the disease more likely," the rights group said.
The prevalence rate of HIV among gay men in Indonesia has jumped from 8.5 percent in 2011 to 25 percent in 2015, it said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Indonesia recorded 46,357 new HIV infections in 2017, with nearly a quarter of those among men who have sex with other men, according to government and UNAIDS data. Other groups included sex workers and intravenous drug users.
A senior health official said the increasing hostility to the LGBT community was disrupting the relations between health workers and people who need their help.
"For a long time, health workers were able to meet these groups in certain places," Dr Windra Waworuntu, director general of infectious diseases at the health ministry, said on Wednesday.
"But with the anti-LGBT feeling now, health workers find it difficult to reach them. It's similar to when red-light districts are broken up and health workers have difficulty in reaching sex workers."
A spokesman for President Joko Widodo declined to comment when asked about rising anti-LGBT sentiment among the government and public but senior government officials have called for gay rights advocacy to be restricted.
Indonesia's parliament looks set to criminalise same-sex relations, something that Islamist groups have long pressed for, while police have stood by while vigilantes have stormed "gay sex parties".
Police have also stepped up raids on gatherings at spas and hostels, charging some people with violating strict pornography laws.
In 2016, Vice President Jusuf Kalla asked the U.N. Development Programme to stop US$8 million of funding for LGBT-related programmes in Indonesia.
This year, a survey found that nearly 90 percent of Indonesians who understand the term "LGBT" felt threatened by the community, whiles the Indonesian Psychiatric Association and the Health Ministry stated in internal documents seen by Reuters that being LGBT was a mental illness.
(Editing by Ed Davies and Robert Birsel)
Oklahoma ranks among the worst in the nation for the rate of women killed by men.
But new training for first responders could help save lives.
Monday and Tuesday, first responders from around the state are in Oklahoma City learning how to spot when a person is the victim of strangulation with the hopes of stopping even worse crimes down the line.
In the 1990s, a California prosecutor started to notice a connection - if a person attempted to strangle their partner, they were more likely to go on and commit a murder.
"The men who strangle women, and mostly it's men, that they are killers. They are the ones that are killing police officers and usually involved in mass shootings," said the CEO for Alliance for Hope International Gael Strack.
Nick Hugh has been appointed chief executive officer of the Telegraph Media Group, succeeding Murdoch MacLennan who will take on the role of deputy chairman, the company has announced.
Mr Hugh has occupied the position of chief operating officer since January 2017, while Mr MacLennan has been the company's CEO since 2004.
Mr Hugh said: "I'm honoured and excited to take on the role as CEO and, with the help of the brilliant TMG team, I'm certain great times are ahead.
"I'd like to thank Murdoch for his support since I joined the company and look forward to building a great future for the business."
Mr MacLennan said he was "immensely proud of everything we have achieved at The Telegraph, and honoured to become deputy chairman of the group".
He continued: "I look forward to representing The Telegraph on a number of national and international organisations fighting for press and commercial freedom. I wish Nick well and look forward to continuing to support him and the TMG team in my new role."
Mr MacLennan, who is also chairman of the Press Association Group, will continue his current roles with the News Media Association, the Regulatory Funding Company (which provides funds for press regulatory body Ipso), The International News Media Association (INMA) and Google's Digital News Initiative Council.
The group's chairman, Aidan Barclay, said: "I am delighted that Nick Hugh is to become CEO.
"He has the ideal background and track record to build on the successful business we run today and I'm very optimistic about our future.
"I am extremely grateful to Murdoch for his work over the last 13 years. He has led The Telegraph's transformation during a period of profound change within the media and I look forward to continuing to work closely with him."
Cleveland's Big Three of Kyrie Irving, LeBron James and Kevin Love combined for 89 points to steer the Cavaliers to a 117-111 victory over the Indiana Pacers at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland on Tuesday (Philippine time) in their first round series in the NBA's Eastern Conference Playoffs.
Irving led the no. 2 Cavs with 37 points while James added 27. Love chipped in 25 as Cleveland took a 2-0 lead in their best-of-seven series with the seventh-seeded Pacers.
Paul George had 32 for the Pacers, who will play Game 3 in their homecourt.
The £85 million extension to Eastbourne's re-branded town centre shopping centre will open its doors later this year.
New stores Next, H & M and FatFace are due to open in September ahead of the opening of the rest of the extension, which is due to take place by the end of November when the former Arndale Centre will be known as The Beacon, which is a sponsor of the Eastbourne Business Awards. The multiscreen cinema will open in 2019.
After many years' planning and preparation, work on the 170,000 sq ft extension began in 2017 and within weeks the transformation of the town centre was underway with the demolition of buildings along Terminus Road.
At the heart of the business community, the Arndale Centre has been an avid supporter of the Eastbourne Business Awards for many years.
Manager Bill Plumridge said: “We are delighted to be involved again in this key event for the business calendar. Eastbourne has a fantastic business community, so it is always great to recognise the achievements of the many excellent companies in the town.
“The opening of our new-look shopping centre, now re-branded The Beacon, will give a huge boost to the town's economy and enable Eastbourne to compete with neighbouring destinations.”
Live footage from two time-lapse cameras, which are recording the construction of the extension, can be seen on the Centre's website www.eastbournearndaleshopping.co.uk
Advanta Chartered Accountants is sponsoring the Medium Business award at the 2018 Eastbourne Business Awards. Advanta see a complete cross-section of businesses and business people, some of whom leave a lasting impression in the business world and the local community. It is always a pleasure for Advanta to be given the opportunity to provide expert assistance to those business people that are boosting the local economy and providing local employment.
Advanta is centrally based in Gildredge Road and has built a solid reputation for quality cost effective work.
Advanta services local businesses and individuals in the South East, but, because of their strong reputation for tax planning and international business, they have a worldwide client base.The directors of Advanta are Malcolm Toghill (specialising in international and expat business and property investment), Michael Cottingham (specialising in the agricultural / horticultural industry and the building contracting businesses), Yiotis Diomedou (specialising in pharmacies, information technology and management reporting) and Richard King (specialising in financial traders on international markets). The managers are Tim Durrant, Avdo Alihodzic and Francesca Kennett.
All directors and managers are general practitioners, covering all areas of accountancy.
Advanta's approach is all about providing each client with the highest level of professional care and attention. In today's business world the fundamental values that underpin good customer care are often forgotten. Not at Advanta.
They go the extra mile for clients, helping them to manage the elements of their business that will lead to greater success, bigger profits and lower tax bills.
To find out more about Advanta, call 01323 411222 or visit www.advanta-ca.com .
The Eastbourne Business Awards will be held at the town's Grand Hotel at lunchtime on November 2.
The awards will be hosted by Nick Wallis, of the BBC's The One Show, and a regular on ITN news reports.
Visit www.eastbourneherald.co.uk for further details.
President Trump's reflection is seen in First Lady Melania Trump's sunglasses. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais / Associated Press)
She is either complicit in her husband's worst instincts or a victim of them, either struggling in an anachronistic job or confidently doing precisely what she wants to do with it. Fifteen months after she became first lady, Melania Trump remains a mystery.
In the span of several days ending Tuesday, Melania Trump will have been thrust into a more visible public role than perhaps at any other time in her husband's presidency. It comes after a lengthy period of relative invisibility that has not only confounded White House tradition but also limited her potential political benefit to a troubled administration.
After hosting the Japanese prime minister and his wife at Trump's Mar-a-Lago compound in Florida last week, Melania Trump attended the Saturday funeral of former First Lady Barbara Bush in Houston; the president stayed away. Before the service she smiled and chatted with President Obama, whom her husband has scorned for years, and, again smiling, joined in a formal picture with all of the former presidents and first ladies who attended the funeral.
ASTANA, Kazakhstan: Nine people were killed when part of their apartment building collapsed in central Kazakhstan, the country's authorities said Monday (Jan 2), with an exploding boiler reportedly to blame for the carnage.
"Nine dead people were pulled from the rubble" of the building in the village of Shakhan outside the city of Karaganda, according to the central Asian nation's interior ministry.
The victims were three men, three women and three children. Five people, including a 32-year-old man and two children, were rescued alive from the rubble.
The search operation was called off later Monday, local media cited regional authorities as saying, as no cases of missing people were reported.
Authorities got word at 10.40pm on Sunday (1640 GMT) that part of the building had collapsed and they rushed 70 emergency workers to the scene.
Local media quoted regional governor Nurmukhambet Abdibekov as saying that a portion of the 60-apartment building could have collapsed following the explosion of a heating boiler in its basement.
"We will figure out what happened," the Tengri news website quoted Abdibekov as saying, adding that the building's residents had installed and serviced the boiler.
Pictures from the scene published by the interior ministry showed a digger shovelling through the rubble as emergency workers stood by.
The remaining residents have been evacuated, the ministry said, adding that a government committee has been set up to probe the incident.
A criminal case has been opened to determine whether the collapse could have been caused by negligence, local media reported.
Building collapses are also not uncommon throughout the former Soviet Union, either due to faulty construction or worn-out infrastructure.
In July 2015, 23 Russian conscripts were crushed to death when their military barracks collapsed in Siberia. Shoddy construction and lax safety standards were blamed for the incident.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
By TERRY SPENCER and CURT ANDERSON
Associated Press
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die."
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces himself in the first video and says he is "going to be the next school shooter of 2018." He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one he says, "Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin."
"When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am," he says in another and then laughs. "You're all going to die. ... Can't wait."
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that he will take Uber to campus about 2:40. He then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open his bag to take out his weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what he did -the only difference being that he arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, he talks about his loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the "day of my massacre shall begin."
"I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do," he says. "I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs."
He also referenced a former girlfriend, saying "I hope to see you in the afterlife."
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. His lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz, 19, is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and "further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community."
"This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is," Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer into Stoneman Douglas. He spent several months there before being kicked out. His late mother also called 911 on him almost 20 times over the years and he had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
