Rachel Lindsay is shown on the season premiere of these seasons The Bachelor with Nick Viall. Rick Rowell / ABC
Social media is going wild; ABC has named Rachel Lindsay as the first-ever black Bachelorette for the show's 13th season.
(There have been 21 seasons of The Bachelor…we won't hold our breath in waiting for a Black Bachelor. One day at a time.)
But let's be clear. This move isn't "historic" as headlines suggest. Sending Dr. Mae Jemison into space was historic. Electing President Barack Obama was historic. The U.S. Postal service selecting its first African American for a stamp (Booker T. Washington, 1940) was historic. The first African American appointed U.S. Secretary of Labor, Alexis Herman was historic.
There's nothing 'historic' about a 15-year-old reality show that promotes one woman (or one man) lusting, sexing, with 20 other people in competition for their heart. ABC has finally caved to the pressures of being inclusive in 2017.
They've realized that it makes good business sense to widen the market and include the African American community. So thank you, ABC and thank you, Channing Dungey who vowed to fix the show's diversity problem after taking the helm as the network's Entertainment President.
Now that we've cleared the air on what constitutes as historic, let's get back to Rachel.
The majority of Black people I polled are excited for Rachel — if they even know who she is. It's not like The Bachelor or the Bachelorette franchise is "must watch" TV in African Americans households. Many of us can't even name a single person from last season.
Finally, a black girl on reality TV who represents who we really are.
The show's consistent lack of diversity and petty behavior among the stars just doesn't strike a chord with us. If we want ratchet, mindless reality TV, we have our own shows to watch.
RELATED: BAFTA Makes Big Changes to Ensure More Diversity in Movies
However, beyond the conspiracy theories, in taking the pulse among many educated, middle class African-Americans, the common thread was "there is something special about this Rachel."
Finally, a black girl on reality TV who represents who we really are: pretty and educated. Rachel graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and got her law degree from Marquette University in Milwaukee. Her videos give us a glimpse into her world: down to earth, fun loving, and warm. From the gaps in her teeth, to her occasional bad hair days, she's the "around the way" girl that L.L. Cool J spoke of in 1990: Not cheap or petty / You're ready for loving / You're real independent, so your parents be buggin'
The 31-year-old Dallas, Texas lawyer represented herself with class and sophistication in season 21 with Nick Viall. Yes, she's flirty and sassy, after all the goal is to get the guy — or even better — to get your own show. But she's not over-the-top, loud mouthed or ratchet. We are proud when she opens her mouth, unlike most reality TV stars that shall remain nameless.
Rachel accurately represents black women in their 30s and even 40s who are searching for their male counterpart. She's a hardworking college educated woman. She's serious about her career but she doesn't want to leave love by the waste side.
Tread lightly Rachel, you are the window for many Caucasians into our world. They don't have “black friends” like Adele does.
Let's be honest, the dating scene for single, educated, successful African American is bleak. Black women have shot up the corporate ladder with no man by their side. We are outpacing our counterparts.
Just look at the male to female ratio on the campuses of HBCUs across the country. Statistics reveal that Black women are at a serious disadvantage when it comes to finding love. So why not cheer on the educated black girl who's doing it a different way?
During last season of the Bachelor, Rachel's fan based soared. Why? Because she wasn't petty or whinny. She carried a mature demeanor that was tolerable to watch when she interacted with the other contestants in the house. And she didn't come desperate in her scenes with Nick Viall.
Now enter our hesitation for Rachel in this role. Name a reality TV star, a black one, who has walked away from a show with a positive image?
Waiting...
Still Waiting…
Nothing yet? My point!
Reality TV will rip Rachel's clean, educated, middle class image to shreds. The point of reality TV is ratings. And what sells? Sex, scandal, fights, and hair pulling drama. If you aren't putting out ratchet behavior, if you're too squeaky clean (boring), then the reality-TV audience is not for you. (Case in point, Kim Fields' stint on Real Housewives of Atlanta).
Producers will thrust into salacious compromising sexual scenes that will bring the ratings. The editors will cut the tape to make scenes look as raunchy as possible. Rachel's brand will be tarnished if she isn't careful. I can't remember the last time a woman — a black woman who's dating, kissing, and being intimate with multiple men, of multiple races, all at once, came out unscathed.
In fact, it's grounds for name-calling. Not sure if her daddy, Sam Lindsay, a Dallas, Texas district judge, is ready for that. In fact, it's probably really tense in their house right now. Their entire middle-class white picket fence family could go up in smoke.
So tread lightly Rachel, you are the window for many Caucasians into our world. They don't have "black friends" like Adele does.
RELATED: Yvonne Orji Hopes 'Insecure' Gives Viewers Confidence
What you show them is what they will believe about black women. How you dress, how you talk, how you walk, what you wear, how many guys you kiss will be scrutinized.
You'll be held to a different standard and you will be judged. You can enter The Bachelorette an educated lawyer, and walk away a "hoe."
Rachel, we'll be watching. We don't want you to fail. But remember, you're more than beauty, you're brains. And we don't want this show to tarnish your image. So find love, have fun doing it, but don't piss off your daddy or the black community.
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
The number of homeless households living in temporary accommodation on the Isle of Wight has increased significantly in the last five years.
A homelessness charity has criticised the growing number of families and individuals being placed into B&Bs, hostels and other temporary housing, saying it can be “sub-standard and sometimes dangerous”.
20% increase since 2013
According to newly-released numbers from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, there were 169 households in temporary accommodation on the Isle of Wight at the end of March this year – a 20% increase on the number in 2013.
The figures also show that six of the homeless households – who had been identified as a priority case – had not been found any accommodation.
Of the households in temporary accommodation on the Isle of Wight in March, the majority, 118, were placed in private leased homes. Of the rest, 21 were placed in B&Bs and 30 were in housing association stock.
Priority cases
In the 12 months to March 2018, 78 households on the Isle of Wight were classified as homeless and a priority need. It means the council have a responsibility to find suitable accommodation for them – though councils will often help non-priority cases as well.
Priority cases include families with children, households where someone is pregnant and people aged 16 or 17. Councils can also class certain people as a priority if they are vulnerable, including victims of domestic abuse, people with mental health issues and those who have spent time in care, prison or the armed forces.
National trend
Across England, there are 10,000 families for whom councils have a duty to provide housing, but no suitable accommodation had been secured. In 2013, there were 5,930.
The number of people in temporary accommodation has also risen, by 44%. In England, there are now nearly 80,000 households in such lodgings.
The chief executive of homelessness charity Crisis, Jon Sparkes, said:
“While we welcome steps the Government has taken around preventing homelessness, today's figures are a stark reminder that there are still far too many people who are homeless and stuck in temporary accommodation or being placed in sub-standard and sometimes dangerous B&Bs. “Every day we see first-hand the effects of long stays in these types of accommodation – people can become isolated, with little access to vital support services, in poor conditions with nowhere to wash clothes or cook. “No one deserves to live like this. When people do lose their homes, we need to make sure they are helped quickly into safe and secure accommodation. This means affordable houses and flats in ordinary communities.”
The Homelessness Reduction Act
From April this year, local councils have been required to implement the Homelessness Reduction Act, which is designed to ensure that public services work together in a coordinated approach to tackle homelessness. Despite a government commitment to spend £72.7m on it over three years, many councils have reported their facilities for tackling homelessness being stretched by rising demand.
Martin Tett, the housing spokesman for the Local Government Association said:
“Every instance of homelessness is an individual tragedy. This rise in homelessness, which means that councils are currently housing more than 79,000 homeless families, and in excess of 123,000 homeless children, in temporary accommodation is deeply worrying. “Councils are determined to prevent homelessness from happening in the first place and do all they can to support families. Rising homelessness demonstrates the need for the duties that the Homelessness Reduction Act imposed on councils to be fully funded and resourced. “The people caught up in our homelessness crisis can't afford for us to wait. It's now crucial that we take the serious measures that are needed to get towards our collective ambition to end homelessness outright.”
Article shared by Data Reporter as part of OnTheWight's collaboration with Press Association and Urbs Media
Image: Lefteris Heretakis under CC BY 2.0
(AP Photo/Jack Dempsey). FILE - In this Aug. 19, 2002, file photo, Denver Broncos running back Terrell Davis waves te fans as he is introduced for the team's NFL football exhibition game against the San Francisco 49ers in Denver. Davis' first visit to ...
By ARNIE STAPLETONAP Pro Football Writer
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) - Terrell Davis' first visit to Denver Broncos headquarters since being elected to the Hall of Fame brought back memories of his first training camp when he couldn't see much of a future in football and came close to quitting.
The Broncos were in Tokyo practicing for a preseason game against the San Francisco 49ers in the summer of 1995.
"Let's just say, if I spoke better Japanese I wouldn't be here," Davis said Wednesday. "I'm telling you, I was this close to walking out of there because I looked at everything around me and I just had no shot of making the team. I was a sixth-round draft pick, I was seventh on the depth chart, I wasn't getting any reps in practice, I had my coach constantly on me and it just didn't feel like there was any way of me making the team."
Davis didn't figure he had much of a present in football, much less a future.
"And yeah, I had a moment, I had a weak moment where I thought after practice I'm out of here. I'm not going to wait until we get back to Denver to get cut. I'm going to walk out of here," Davis said.
"Thank God I didn't. And then I made the big hit."
In the preseason game against the 49ers, Davis delivered a crushing hit on kick returner Tyrone Drakeford that got the attention of the coaching staff and prompted fellow future Hall of Famer Shannon Sharpe to marvel, "Who was that?"
That was the man who would go down in league history as the only running back to own back-to-back Super Bowl titles, an MVP trophy, a Super Bowl MVP honor, a 2,000-yard season and seven consecutive playoff wins in which he topped 100 yards rushing.
Davis, who will be inducted into the Hall of Fame this summer, said he uses that rags-to-riches anecdote all the time.
"Because it goes to show you that my thing is if you quit, the result is always failure," said Davis, now an analyst for the NFL Network. "But if you don't quit, you never know what the outcome could be. So, quitting on yourself should never be an option, which I almost did.
"And for anybody that's out there struggling ... I try to tell them even if your situation seems dire, don't give up. Just keep fighting, keep fighting, keep fighting. You never know. The only thing you can control is the effort. You can't control the outcome or the results, but just keep going at it and you never know how that plays out."
Sticking it out landed Davis with football immortality.
"I think what's great about it is the story behind it, it's not (one of) a typical, first-round selection, big school, all-time leading rusher. I was totally sort of opposite of all those things and yet I was still able to make it to the Hall of Fame," Davis said. "So, what does that tell a kid right now who is struggling and is not maybe first team or not at the school that he wants to be at, or whatever the situation may be?"
Notes: Broncos offensive coordinator Mike McCoy was the quarterback at Long Beach State, where Davis started his college career before transferring to Georgia when the Long Beach program was shut down. "I think he threw me a few touchdown passes," Davis said. "I think I made him look good on a few." ... Davis spent time with Broncos current running backs C.J. Anderson, Jamaal Anderson and Devontae Booker after practice. ... NT Kyle Peko had surgery on his broken foot Wednesday but is expected back by August.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
RALEIGH, N.C. — Federal wildlife officials say the only wild population of endangered red wolves is unsustainable and could be wiped out within years.
The prediction comes in a five-year review of the status of the species released Tuesday by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The report says only about 40 wolves remain in the wild in North Carolina, down from a peak of nearly 120 a decade ago. Another 230 wolves live in captivity.
The main purpose of the report was to evaluate the wolves' endangered status, which it says should be maintained. More detailed recommendations for conservation efforts will come in a separate document.
Environmentalists contend the decline is due to neglect by federal officials who have halted releases of captive-born wolves and other actions that bolstered the wild population.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — For the third time, Tom Brady is the NFL's Most Valuable Player.
Now he goes for his sixth Super Bowl title, and perhaps with it a fifth MVP trophy for the NFL championship.
Brady added The Associated Press 2017 NFL MVP award Saturday night at NFL Honors to his wins in 2007 and 2010. The New England Patriots quarterback was joined as an honoree by three Los Angeles Rams: Coach of the Year Sean McVay, Offensive Player of the Year running back Todd Gurley and Defensive Player of the Year tackle Aaron Donald.
Other winners in voting by a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league were Los Angeles Chargers receiver Keenan Allen as Comeback Player; New Orleans running back Alvin Kamara and cornerback Marshon Lattimore as top offensive and defensive rookies, respectively; and former Minnesota Vikings offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur, now head coach of the New York Giants, as Assistant Coach of the Year.
Brady is the second the player in the four major professional sports to win MVP at age 40; Barry Bonds won baseball's award in 2004.
Wide receiver Julian Edelman, who missed the entire season with a knee injury, accepted for Brady.
“Thanks, thanks. Wait up. I literally just found out I was doing this like 20 minutes ago. So, I've got to read the text,” Edelman said.
“No, but I'm joking. But serious, Tom said he wanted to say he's very honored and humbled that he gets this award for MVP. Also, he wanted to thank his teammates, his friends, his family and the Patriots organization for going out and doing what they do.”
Brady competed 385 of 581 passes (66.2 percent) for 4,577 yards and 32 touchdowns with eight interceptions as New England went 13-3 for the AFC's best record. At an age when many QBs are deep into retirement, Brady is throwing deep — and short — as well as ever.
Donald was the first pure defensive tackle to win the award since Warren Sapp in 1999. He said it means “everything. That's one of the best to ever do it. So, even for my name to be next to that guy's name is beyond a blessing. This is what you dream about as a kid, dreaming about playing in the NFL to have success like this, to be able to (play good enough) to win this trophy.”
Gurley's sensational turnaround season in which he ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes sparked an equally impressive reversal of fortunes by his team, which won the NFC West at 11-5.
“The Saints got the rookies and we took home the offensive and defensive” player awards,” Gurley noted. “It just tells you the type of players we have on the team. We all help each other out, absolutely. We have some talent, but we're nothing without the whole nine yards and everybody together. And we also have a coach who's up for Coach of the Year.”
A little while later, McVay was handed the coaching award.
In his first season running a team and as the youngest head coach in NFL history, McVay led the Rams to a seven-game improvement. McVay, who turned 32 on Jan. 24, ran away with the voting with 35 votes to 11 for Minnesota's Mike Zimmer.
“What it means is we had a good season that I think we can build on,” McVay said. “But you have to earn it every single day. It's a very humbling league.”
The Rams' hat trick of awards was not unprecedented. In 2003, Baltimore's Ray Lewis was top defensive player, Jamal Lewis won the best offensive player, and Terrell Suggs was Defensive Rookie of the Year. And in 1999, the St. Louis Rams had three award winners: Kurt Warner (MVP), Marshall Faulk (Offensive Player) and Dick Vermeil (Coach).
New Orleans' sweep of the rookie awards was the first since 1967, when Detroit running back Mel Farr and cornerback Lem Barney were honored. That was the first season for the top defensive rookie award.
“You get caught up in the season, you don't really get time to pat yourself on the back,” Kamara said. “But when the season is over you realize what you've done. I've kind of had to time to look back and say, I made some history this season.”
Kamara shared duties with veteran Mark Ingram as the Saints won the NFC South. He rushed for 728 yards with a 6.1-yard average, and scored eight times. He also caught 81 passes for 826 yards, with five touchdowns.
The 11th overall draft pick and first from his position selected, Lattimore was a shutdown defender as the Saints went 11-5. He had five interceptions and 18 passes defensed in 13 games, was a sure tackler and, by midseason, was someone opposing quarterbacks tended to avoid. He missed three games, one because of a concussion and two with an ankle injury.
Allen returned from two devastating injuries to win the comeback honor. Allen missed half of the 2015 season with a kidney issue, then was lost in the 2016 season opener with a torn right ACL. There were questions if Allen would ever player at a high level again.
He answered those emphatically this season with the best year of his career. Allen caught 102 passes for 1,393 yards and six touchdowns. He was targeted 159 times, nearly 10 per game.
The awards were announced Saturday night at NFL Honors, when Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt received the league's Walter Payton Award as man of the year. Watt, in his seventh NFL season and a three-time Defensive Player of the Year, had the goal of raising $200,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief in Houston. His fundraising did a whole lot more, bringing in an incredible $37 million in 19 days.
“I've been fortunate to be on this stage and to win Defensive Player of the Year awards, but everything that you do on the field pales in comparison to what you do off the field,” Watt said. “And at the end of my life, if I'm remembered as a football player and a good football player and that's all I'm remembered for, then I did a poor job in my life. When I go to my grave I want to be remembered as a guy who helped people out and who tried to do as much as he could off the field to be the best man he could be. I'm trying to make my family proud and my fans proud, and go out there and just be the best person I can be and leave the world a little bit better.”
___
If you know anything about Odyssey already, it's probably that it's the Mario game with actual humans in it. These people - as opposed to whatever kind of being the moustached one is - all reside in New Donk City: which marries New York with a litany of Donkey Kong references both obvious and obscure. For example, the mayor of city is the same Pauline that Jumpman (a.k.a. Mario) tried to rescue way back in 1981. While we didn't catch sight of ol' DK himself, it seems impossible that he won't turn up in the final game.
In the meantime, we were contented ourselves with collecting Power Moons that fuel Mario's ship - the Odyssey - and further his quest to rescue the kidnapped Princess Peach from Bowser planned wedding to her. While it's a shame that the most revolutionary Mario game yet is still happy to stick with Peach as a damsel-in-distress, the idea of scattering a load of collectables across one huge world is a good one.
Even in our brief time with Odyssey, we found loads Power Moons scattered around New Donk City. From secret levels below manholes to the top of the Empire State Building, this game makes a great effort to reward your curiosity and the same went for our time in the sunny climes of the Sand Kingdom. That you can go from playing an 8-bit, 2D side-scrolling section to leaping about on a Sphinx-like taxi called a Jaxi in the space of a minute speaks volumes of the creativity that's been crammed into the game.
Better still, each world we delved into had its own unique art style and challenges. Rather than sticking to the usual formula of fire world, ice world, water world, it seems as though Nintendo has done its utmost to break conventions and confound expectations. Having gone into our time with Odyssey with some degree of suspicion how everything would fit together, we came out of it wanting to see just how ludicrous it might get.
Don't Let Melaye Tarnish Your Integrity, Kogi Gov Tells Senate
By Jonathan Nda- Isaiah
Kogi State governor ,Yahaya Bello, has urged the senate not to allow Senator Dino Melaye tarnish their image and integrity describing him as a deviant in the red chamber.
Governor Bello, who spoke to State House Correspondents shortly after a closed-door meeting with Acting President Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, also said the senator lacked “proper parental care and upbringing”.
He said it was no surprise that the senator continued to behave in a way that constitute nuisance to the society.
Bello stated ;You see I would rather admonish Nigerians that when a child lacks proper parental care and home upbringing, he constitutes social menace in the society.
“And if the society does not take steps to check and correct such a child, they can turn into criminal and take into criminality then it will be left to government to check such criminality. And if government does not, such a child can cause a serious embarrassment. That is what is happening in Kogi State.”
“Then talking of the Senate, let me rather admonish the Senate that that is an institution that is held on a very high esteem and I think the Senate and indeed the National Assembly is made up of men of high caliber and of high integrity and good character.
” I think it is necessary that that wonderful house should as matter of urgency and as a matter of fact check any social deviant that exists within them before they could be adjudged birds of the same feather. I know they are not of the same feather.
On allegations by Senator Melaye that he earmarked N1 billion to remove him from the Senate, he dismissed the allegations as a figment of Dino ‘s imagination.
He added:That is his own figment of his imagination. The good people of Okunland and indeed west senatorial district have learnt from a bitter mistake of not taming and curbing that social deviant and they have decided to take lawful steps in recalling him.”
Bello, who said he came to the villa to brief the acting president on development in the state, said Kogi State is peaceful unlike the propaganda by Dino.
“I came to brief the Acting President of development in my state. We all know Mr. President is taking a rest and the men at the helm of affairs needs to be periodically briefed.
“He is pleased with the development in Kogi State.
When reminded of the recent crisis in the state, he replied “There is no crisis in Kogi State we are living in peace and harmony.
“But sincerely speaking Kogi State is living in peace, projects are ongoing, we are all happy over there, salaries are being paid as at when due and we are making serious progress.
The post Don't Let Melaye Tarnish Your Integrity, Kogi Gov Tells Senate appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MCDOUGALL TWP. – Drunk driving charges were laid against the driver of a vehicle following a crash in McDougall Township.
Shortly before 11 p.m. on July 2 members of the West Parry Sound responded to a single vehicle collision on McDougall Road in McDougall Township.
Through an investigation, police learned that the vehicle failed to navigate a curve in the road rolling over into the ditch before resting against some trees.
Both the driver and passenger were uninjured.
By DAN GREENSPANAssociated Press
CARSON, Calif. (AP) - Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said Sunday he will sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice and segregation.
Bennett sat on the visiting bench during "The Star-Spangled Banner" before the Seahawks' preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams, a decision he made prior to protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia over the weekend. But what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman when she was struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
"With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice," Bennett said.
"First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation. I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society."
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat during the anthem. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist, continuing his approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the controversy over his decision to protest the anthem and the form he used has not quelled, even as he remains unsigned.
Bennett said he is willing to deal with similar fallout.
"Of course I'm going to face backlash," Bennett said. "This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport."
Bennett said he had spoken to several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While he acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and formally organized protests happening later, Bennett wanted to express himself.
"I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in," Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying he only became aware of it after the game.
Bennett said the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
"Everyone is in their comfort zone right now," Bennett said. "Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OMNISPORT
Angel Di Maria soaked up the love and adoration of the Paris Saint-Germain faithful as his brilliant brace inspired a rampant 4-0 Champions League triumph over Barcelona.
PSG were knocked out of the competition by Barcelona in 2013 and 2015 but Luis Enrique's side now require a comeback unprecedented in Champions League history having been put to the sword in the French capital.
Di Maria, celebrating his 29th birthday, dispatched a free-kick that rewarded PSG's dominant start and Unai Emery's men never relinquished their grip on the first leg of the last-16 tie.
Former Sevilla boss Emery had only beaten Barcelona once in 23 previous attempts but he was well on his way to number two when Julian Draxler scored on his Champions League debut for PSG, as he did in Ligue 1 and the Coupe de France last month.
The visitors completely failed to regroup at the break and a sublime third from Di Maria's magical left foot was followed by Edinson Cavani's 32nd of the season in the 71st minute – capping a night of almost incomprehensible misery for their esteemed opponents.
Di Maria was to the fore in the early stages, setting up top scorer Cavani to have an attempt blocked by Barcelona full-back Sergi Roberto, while Marc-Andre ter Stegen demonstrated his sharp reactions and athleticism to save from Blaise Matuidi.
The hosts made their fast start tell in the 18th minute when, after Samuel Umtiti clattered through Draxler on the edge of the area, Di Maria whipped a fine free-kick beyond a disorganised wall to leave Ter Stegen with no chance.
Shots on target by MSN against PSG:
Messi (0)
Suarez (0)
Neymar (0)
Pocketed by Presnel Kimpembe and co. 💪 pic.twitter.com/nSO8ZELiQm — Squawka Football (@Squawka) February 14, 2017
Before the half-hour, Neymar shrugged off an earlier blow to his foot by gliding forward from his own half and playing in Andre Gomes, who forced Kevin Trapp to save with his feet.
Barcelona's first sustained spell of pressure only served to leave them vulnerable on the counter-attack - Germany winger Draxler skipping past Roberto to be denied by his compatriot Ter Stegen at the near post.
And Lionel Messi found himself in the unusual position of being to blame for an opposition goal five minutes before the interval.
The irrepressible Adrien Rabiot hounded him out of possession with the assistance of Marco Verratti and the Italy midfielder twice exchanged possession with Draxler for PSG's showpiece January arrival to arrow home a low shot.
Half-time did little to clear Barcelona's heads as Rabiot made a nuisance of himself once more, springing onto a second ball and into a crowded area to clip a shot past the far post.
4 - Barcelona have conceded four goals in a #UCL game for the first time since 2013 against Bayern (4-0). Hammerblow. pic.twitter.com/UAJ9uSXw3x — OptaJose (@OptaJose) February 14, 2017
Cavani had to wait for his 32nd of the season when he failed to head in Matuidi's centre but it mattered little as Di Maria brought a raucous Parc des Princes to its feet in the 55th minute.
The move started with goalkeeper Trapp feeding Rabiot, who drove at Barcelona once more.
A combination of Rabiot and left-back Layvin Kurzawa allowed Draxler to tear at a beleaguered defence. He fed Di Maria and, as Andres Iniesta flailed in the challenge, the Argentina star curled in a sumptuous strike from 25 yards.
Di Maria departed to a standing ovation after the hour, although the brilliant but injury prone Verratti did not enjoy such a satisfying end to his evening when he hobbled off in discomfort with 20 minutes to play.
However, the last thing Barcelona needed was fresh PSG legs and they laboured as Thomas Meunier strode forward unchallenged, playing in Cavani to emphatically slam past Ter Stegen.
Umtiti headed against the post in the 83rd minute but Barcelona were unable to move beyond base camp of the mountain they must somehow attempt to scale in next month's return at Camp Nou.
16 Regulated Crypto Exchanges Unveil Plans to Restore Public Trust in Japan
The new Japanese cryptocurrency association comprising of sixteen government-approved exchanges debuted on Monday. The group has unveiled its plans to spearhead self-regulation in order to rebuild the public's trust in the crypto industry.
Also read: Yahoo! Japan Confirms Entrance Into the Crypto Space
New Japanese Association Debuts
Sixteen fully-licensed cryptocurrency exchanges in Japan have formally launched a new crypto association. The group held a press conference on Monday to detail its plans for self-regulation “in order to rebuild public trust battered by a high-profile theft,” Nikkei reported.
“The organization is expected to release trading and disclosure rules this summer,” the news outlet elaborated, adding that the group “plans to open its doors to those operating provisionally while the government watchdog reviews their applications.”
The founding exchange members are Money Partners, Quoine, Bitflyer, Bitbank, SBI Virtual Currencies, GMO Coin, Bittrade, Btcbox, Bitpoint Japan, DMM Bitcoin, Bitarg Exchange Tokyo, FTT Corporation, Bitocean, Fisco Virtual Currency, Tech Bureau, and Xtheta.
The group also held its first board of directors meeting and chose its key executives. President of foreign exchange platform provider Money Partners Group, Taizen Okuyama, was appointed the chief of the new organization. The publication quoted him declaring:
We'll pursue self-regulation to further the market's healthy development and allay uncertainty among cryptocurrency users.
Three Priorities Named
The group will focus on three priorities, the news outlet detailed. The first, as expressed by Okuyama, is the protection of customers. While the Japanese law “requires exchanges to manage customer assets separately from their own,” he admitted that “such a standard is a matter of course for securities firms and foreign exchange brokerages. Compliance has been patchier among cryptocurrency exchanges.”
Another priority is to ensure “an orderly rule-making process,” he described, citing as an example the issue of “leverage limits for margin trading and management of insider information, including what currencies a given exchange plans to start supporting.”
The third priority is “improving disclosure.” The CEO of Money Partners Group explained, as conveyed by Nikkei:
[Cryptocurrency] exchanges rarely provide statistics such as total accounts and assets, leaving consumers with too little information to choose one over another. Online brokerages, by contrast, release this data monthly.
The group aims to establish a system for timely disclosure, the news outlet detailed, noting that the country's financial regulator, the Financial Services Agency (FSA), “applauded the group's creation as a welcome, if overdue, move toward reform.”
Furthermore, Okuyama said that the association will leave the regulation of initial coin offerings (ICOs) to the judgment of an FSA study group.
What do you think of this new Japanese association and its self-regulatory priorities? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock and the new Japanese Association.
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The post 16 Regulated Crypto Exchanges Unveil Plans to Restore Public Trust in Japan appeared first on Bitcoin News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Anker's Soundcore gets new name, more bass, and wireless headphones
Anker Innovations' Soundcore brand has been renamed Soundcore by Anker, with the audio brand adding brand new sweat-proofing technology, bass enhancement, and more than a dozen new wireless headphones and speakers to choose from.
The post Anker's Soundcore gets new name, more bass, and wireless headphones appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By ALAN SUDERMAN
Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Virginia is set to end a yearslong partisan battle and expand Medicaid after the state Senate voted Wednesday to approve a budget that expands the program's eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
The Senate passed Medicaid expansion by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage.
The budget still needs final approval from the House and Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. But that's expected to happen with little difficulty.
Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion, according to a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Wednesday's vote marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced his support for expansion on the Senate floor. He said his rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia," said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act advanced by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid, saying their state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
President Donald Trump has sought to negate his predecessor's health law - but ironically, his administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people. Obama's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections. Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave last year, as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans are eager to take the issue off the table for next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The United States has the largest incarcerated population in the world, climbing from 600,000 to over 2 million in just a few decades. We also have the highest percentage of our population behind bars of any country. The people most likely to languish behind bars are Black, Latino, Native American, and poor. It's a legacy rooted in Jim Crow-era policies that continues in the thinly veiled racism of the war on drugs, as lawyer Michelle Alexander points out in her book The New Jim Crow.
But there's another number that dwarfs the prison population: Nearly 5 million people are under some sort of parole or probation supervision in the United States. That's a fourfold increase since 1980, according to a new report released this week by the Columbia University's Justice Lab. During that time, the requirements for people under judicial supervision have become more stringent. The number of conditions people must adhere to have increased, for example, as has the length of supervision required. As a result, many people wind up in jail—not for committing another crime, but for a technical violation of probation or parole conditions.
In fact, from 1990 to 2004, the rate of people on probation who were sent back to jail for non-compliance grew by 50 percent, from 220,000 to 330,000, according to the report.
This suggests a way to vastly reduce the rate of imprisonment in the United States, just by reducing the number of people who wind up in jail because of these technical violations.
In some cases, the infractions that send someone back to jail are as simple as coming late to a meeting with a parole officer or failing to make payments on a fine. Being a person of color increases the odds of winding up in prison for a parole violation, according to a study by the Urban Institute.
One of the most chilling reasons for being sent back to prison is failure to pay a fine or court or supervision fees, payments that can be out of reach for the low-income people most likely to be caught up in the criminal justice system.
In some jurisdictions, about 20 percent of those serving time were incarcerated because they didn't pay their criminal justice debts, according to a Council of Economic Advisors issue paper.
Consider the impossible situation faced by newly released inmates. Many are poor when they enter the system; along with their conviction comes fines and fees. As one example, in Washington state, these average $1,300 for a felony conviction, according to research by University of Washington sociology professor Alexes Harris.
Interest is charged on the original debt, and by the time an inmate is released, their debt may have grown quite large. Finding a job that pays enough to make payments on these debts is difficult after incarceration, especially since public housing and other services are denied to those convicted felons. This challenge is even greater for released inmates who are mentally ill, physically disabled, have a history of substance abuse, or have few social support systems.
“High fines and fee payments may force … difficult trade-offs between paying court debt and other necessary purchases,” says the Council issue paper. “Unsustainable debt coupled with the threat of incarceration may even encourage some formerly incarcerated individuals to return to criminal activity to pay off their debts.”
These fines and fees result in what is tantamount to debtors' prisons. They are expensive and counter-productive.
Which suggests a way out. The Justice Lab report proposes policies that would increase the chances that someone who has served their time will successfully transition to life after prison.
These policies include reducing the number of years of supervision on probation or after release. This could reduce the chances that a routine infraction would result in additional fines and jail time, and also reduce caseloads of overworked parole officers, who could then focus on providing support to parolees who are at risk of reoffending. Or we could shorten time on probation or parole based on “good behavior,” so people can work their way out of the system. And we could reduce fines and fees, so there is less financial pressure on people just as they are trying to regain their footing.
Van Jones, host of CNN's new segment The Van Jones Show and founder of #cut50, a national effort to cut in half the people behind bars, put it this way, according to a news release for the Justice Lab report: Now is the time to “reimagine how probation and parole can truly help people reintegrate back into society—rather than simply being a trap that leads to needless reincarceration.”
The Justice Lab report shows that jurisdictions that have taken this route have seen reductions in crime, reductions in spending, and fewer people locked up. A win-win-win, except for those who profit from the prison-industrial complex.
Brookhaven Lab physicist Flemming Videbaek during installation of the Heavy Flavor Tracker at the STAR detector at RHIC, a particle collider at Brookhaven National Laboratory. New insights from the experiment reveal that charm quarks may interact more with the quark-gluon plasma than previously thought.
A mysterious particle created in a blazing fireball at an atom smasher is misbehaving, a new experiment shows.
The particle, called a charm quark, revealed surprising interactions with its neighboring subatomic particles, measurements show. That discovery could improve scientists' understanding of the conditions that existed soon after the Big Bang, when the universe was permeated by a primordial soup of elementary particles, and possibly show hints of physics beyond what scientists know today.
Back to the Beginning
The surprising charm-quark behavior was first spotted at Brookhaven National Laboratory's Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC) in Upton, New York, which aims to recreate conditions in the trillionths of a second after the Big Bang. The key to the new observation is the Heavy Flavor Tracker (HFT), a set of recently installed ultrasensitive photodetectors similar to those in digital cameras. Using the HFT, for the first time, researchers directly measured the behavior of charm quarks as they emerged from the trillion-degree fireball meant to recreate the universe's first moments.
Related: Wacky Physics: The Coolest Little Particles in Nature
To recreate these primeval conditions, the RHIC fires gold atoms at one another at nearly the speed of light. As they collide, the atoms break up into a soup of elementary, free-flowing particles known as a quark-gluon plasma. Quarks make up more familiar particles, like protons and neutrons, while gluons are the carriers of the strong nuclear force that holds the quarks together.
The measurements tell the physicists whether their models of fields that bind together quarks and gluons, based on a theory called quantum chromodynamics, are correct, according to a new study detailing the findings.
"You can study how nuclear medium behaves and functions at these high temperatures," Brookhaven National Laboratory physicist Flemming Videbaek, a coauthor of the study, told Live Science.
Heavy Interactions
Quarks and their antimatter counterparts come in six varieties, known to physicists as "flavors": up, down, top, bottom, strange and charm. They have different masses; the up and down quarks that make up protons and neutrons are the lightest. Charm quarks are the second heaviest, behind top quarks. They never form in ordinary conditions on Earth; a particle accelerator is necessary to make them.
Albert Einstein's famous E = mc2 equation says energy and mass are the same thing, and when the atomic nuclei collide in the RHIC, the energy is so great that it creates heavier, exotic particles, such as charm quarks.
Related: 7 Strange Facts About Quarks
One of the particles formed by this fiery collision is the D-zero, made up of a charm quark and an anti-up quark. The D-zeros travel for a fraction of a millimeter before they decay and become two other particles: kaons and pions. It's the kaons and pions that the experimenters actually "see" with the HFT.
What surprised the researchers was that the flow of quark-gluon plasma caught the heavy D-zero particles. The football-shaped fireball emitted more D-zeros from the wider part than from the ends, rather than in an evenly distributed way. Previous models predicted that the D-zero, which contains the heavy charm quark, was too massive to interact with the quarks and gluons in the plasma. According to those models, its mass would mean the D-zero barreled out too quickly before the plasma's forces could act on it, and the plasma would not last long enough to produce much interaction.
Related: World's Most Sensitive Dark Matter Detector Gives Its First Results
Instead, the quark-gluon plasma has a low viscosity; if it were a fluid, it would flow freely, Videbaek said.
"The fact that it has a low viscosity means that it interacts [with the particles] quite a bit," Videbaek said. That means "some of the models were quite far off."
In addition to helping scientists refine their models, the charm quarks revealed more details about how the quark-gluon plasma behaves. Knowing more about what such plasmas actually do helps scientists understand what to look for if they seek out new physical laws, and helps them understand the implications of the ones they know already.
In future experiments, the team hopes to gain insight into the behavior of other heavy and rare particles made up of quarks, such as the B (or "beauty") meson, which is made of a bottom quark and one of its lighter cousins, Videbaek said.
The study was published May 26 in the journal Physical Review Letters.
Originally published on Live Science.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
MAHONING COUNTY, Ohio (WYTV) – The Mahoning County OVI Task Force will be holding multiple sobriety checkpoints from Aug. 18 – 20, according to the Canfield Police Department.
There will also be local saturation patrols throughout Mahoning County this week and over the weekend.
Police said the primary goal of the task force is to make roadways safer.
Four Russian aircraft flew in an "unsafe and unprofessional" manner near a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea, according to the Pentagon.
A defense official told NBC News that a Russian Su-24 flew within 200 yards of the USS Porter last week, flying at an altitude of just 300 feet and a speed in excess of 500 knots. The jet was armed.
The Fyodor Zolotukhin is an upgraded Il-38N maritime patrol and anti-submarine aircraft Marina Lystseva / TASS via Getty Images
In a separate incident, two other Russian Su-24s came within 300 yards of the ship. They were not armed.
In addition, an IL-38 flew at unusually low altitude.
Two defense officials said that the Navy tried to contact the Russian aircraft by radio but there was no response. The U.S. vessel did not take any evasive action.
Cap. Danny Hernandez, the spokesman for U.S. European Command, called Friday's incidents "unsafe and unprofessional" due to the speed and distance of the aircraft from the ship.
All four Russian planes were flying without their transponders on, the U.S. officials said. Transponders help identify an aircraft, and American officials say flying with the transponders off increased the risk of an accident or miscalculation.
American officials said the USS Porter was conducting routine operations in international waters.
Andrew and Smithers chat to Writer/Director/Producer Kieran Gould-Dowen and actors Candice Lillian and Alexander Gavioli about More Pudding Anyone?, a Christmas comedy playing at The Butterfly Club (5 Carson Pl, off Little Collins St) from December 12-17.
Wrestler Rich Swann is being held without bail in a Florida jail after he was arrested and charged with battery and false imprisonment.
Swann, who is 26 and a former WWE cruiserweight champion, was arrested Saturday.
WWE released a statement about Swann on Sunday.
“WWE has zero tolerance for matters involving domestic violence, and per our policy, Rich Swann has been suspended indefinitely following his arrest,” it said.
According to Gainesville Police, Swann was arguing with his wife, who is also a wrestler. His wife — whose name is Vannarah Riggs but goes by Su Yung — had wrestled earlier in the evening in the northwest Florida city. The couple lives in Orlando.
A police report said Swann “critiqued” her performance and the pair began arguing.
A witness told police that Riggs jumped out of Swann's slowly moving car.
The report says the witness also saw Swann put Riggs in a headlock and dragged her back to his vehicle.
Riggs “screamed for help as (Swann) put her back in the car,” the officer wrote in the report.
The car drove off and a witness saw Riggs exit the vehicle a second time. Riggs told officers that “she was afraid of (Swann) because he has a temper sometimes.” She added that she was trying to get away from him so the argument wouldn't escalate into physical violence.
Swann told officers that he didn't touch his wife and that she got into the car on her own.
Swann will appear in court Monday. No attorney is listed in county records.
BC-TEN--French Open Results
TEN--French Open Results
PARIS (AP) — Results Wednesday from the French Open at Stade Roland Garros (seedings in parentheses):
Men's Singles
Second Round
David Goffin (8), Belgium, def. Corentin Moutet, France, 7-5, 6-0, 6-1.
Marco Cecchinato, Italy, def. Marco Trungelliti, Argentina, 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1.
Pablo Carreno-Busta (10), Spain, def. Federico Delbonis, Argentina, 7-6 (0), 7-6 (2), 3-6, 6-4.
Roberto Bautista-Agut (13), Spain, def. Santiago Giraldo, Colombia, 6-4, 7-5, 6-3.
Novak Djokovic (20), Serbia, def. Jaume Antoni Munar Clar, Spain, 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4.
Fernando Verdasco (30), Spain, def. Guido Andreozzi, Argentina, 6-3, 6-2, 6-2.
Grigor Dimitrov (4), Bulgaria, def. Jared Donaldson, United States, 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8.
Matteo Berrettini, Italy, def. Ernests Gulbis, Latvia, 6-2, 3-6, 6-4, 6-3.
Kei Nishikori (19), Japan, def. Benoit Paire, France, 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3.
Gilles Simon, France, def. Sam Querrey (12), United States, 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1.
Damir Dzumhur (26), Bosnia-Herzegovina, def. Radu Albot, Moldova, 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 1-6, 7-5.
Alexander Zverev (2), Germany, def. Dusan Lajovic, Serbia, 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2.
Women's Singles
First Round
Simona Halep (1), Romania, def. Alison Riske, United States, 2-6, 6-1, 6-1.
Second Round
Katerina Siniakova, Czech Republic, def. Kateryna Kozlova, Ukraine, 6-7 (4), 6-4, 6-4.
Barbora Strycova (26), Czech Republic, def. Ekaterina Makarova, Russia, 6-4, 6-2.
Yulia Putintseva, Kazakhstan, def. Jennifer Brady, United States, 6-4, 6-3.
Qiang Wang, China, def. Petra Martic, Croatia, 6-1, 6-1.
Madison Keys (13), United States, def. Caroline Dolehide, United States, 6-4, 6-1.
Naomi Osaka (21), Japan, def. Zarina Diyas, Kazakhstan, 6-4, 7-5.
Mihaela Buzarnescu (31), Romania, def. Rebecca Peterson, Sweden, 6-1, 6-2.
Elina Svitolina (4), Ukraine, def. Viktoria Kuzmova, Slovakia, 6-3, 6-4.
Petra Kvitova (8), Czech Republic, def. Lara Arruabarrena-Vecino, Spain, 6-0, 6-4.
Anett Kontaveit (25), Estonia, def. Alexandra Dulgheru, Romania, 7-5, 6-2.
Caroline Wozniacki (2), Denmark, def. Georgina Garcia Perez, Spain, 6-1, 6-0.
Men's Doubles
First Round
Lukasz Kubot, Poland and Marcelo Melo (1), Brazil, def. Marco Cecchinato, Italy and Marton Fucsovics, Hungary, 6-4, 7-5.
Gregoire Jacq, France and Benjamin Bonzi, France, def. Scott Lipsky, United States and Tennys Sandgren, United States, 6-2, 6-4.
Maximo Gonzalez, Argentina and Nicolas Jarry, Chile, def. Paolo Lorenzi, Italy and Mischa Zverev, Germany, 6-1, 6-2.
Stephane Robert, France and Calvin Hemery, France, def. Donald Young, United States and Matthew Ebden, Australia, 6-2, 4-6, 7-6 (6).
Marcel Granollers, Spain and Pablo Cuevas (11), Uruguay, def. Daniel Nestor, Canada and Jeremy Chardy, France, 7-5, 6-2.
Steve Johnson, United States and Jack Sock, United States, def. Nicholas Monroe, United States and John-Patrick Smith, Australia, 7-6 (6), 6-4.
Nicolas Mahut, France and Pierre Hughes Herbert (6), France, def. Robert Lindstedt, Sweden and Marcin Matkowski, Poland, 6-4, 3-6, 7-6 (6).
Evgeny Donskoy, Russia and Miguel Angel Reyes-Varela, Mexico, def. Aisam Qureshi, Pakistan and Jean-Julien Rojer (7), Netherlands, 6-7 (2), 7-6 (5), 6-4.
Leonardo Mayer, Argentina and Joao Sousa, Portugal, def. Constant Lestienne, France and Geoffrey Blancaneaux, France, 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Santiago Gonzalez, Mexico and Marcelo Demoliner, Brazil, def. Roman Jebavy, Czech Republic and Andrei Vasilevski, Belarus, 7-6 (5), 6-7 (8), 7-6 (2).
Feliciano Lopez, Spain and Marc Lopez (12), Spain, def. Andres Molteni, Argentina and Guillermo Duran, Argentina, 6-3, 6-4.
Daniele Bracciali, Italy and Andreas Seppi, Italy, def. Philipp Petzschner, Germany and Maximilian Marterer, Germany, 2-6, 7-6 (6), 6-4.
Guido Pella, Argentina and Diego Schwartzman, Argentina, def. Antonie Hoang, France and Ugo Humbert, France, 6-3, 6-3.
Rajeev Ram, United States and Ivan Dodig (9), Croatia, def. Hans Podlipnik, Chile and Jackson Withrow, United States, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1.
James Cerretini, United States and Marcelo Arevalo-Gonzalez, El Salvador, def. Jan-Lennard Struff, Germany and Ben Mclachlan (14), Japan, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Women's Doubles
First Round
Kristina Mladenovic, France and Timea Babos (1), Hungary, def. Shuai Zhang, China and Ajla Tomljanovic, Australia, 6-1, 6-4.
Kveta Peschke, Czech Republic and Nicole Melichar (13), United States, def. Shuai Peng, China and Christina McHale, United States, 6-4, 2-6, 7-6 (3).
Makoto Ninomiya, Japan and Eri Hozumi, Japan, def. Polona Hercog, Slovenia and Alison Van Uytvanck, Belgium, 6-0, 6-4.
Yi-Fan Xu, China and Gabriela Dabrowski (5), Canada, def. Fiona Ferro, France and Tessah Andrianjafitrimo, France, 6-3, 6-1.
Bethanie Mattek-Sands, United States and Latisha Chan (4), Taiwan, def. Virginie Razzano, France and Jade Suvrijn, France, 6-4, 6-1.
Katerina Bondarenko, Ukraine and Aleksandra Krunic, Serbia, def. Abigail Spears, United States and Alicja Rosolska (15), Poland, 7-5, 4-6, 7-6 (2).
Sorana Cirstea, Romania and Sara Sorribes Tormo, Spain, def. Elena Vesnina, Russia and Jelena Ostapenko (10), Latvia, 1-6, 6-3, 6-4.
Svetlana Kuznetsova, Russia and Lucie Safarova, Czech Republic, def. Belinda Bencic, Switzerland and Marketa Vondrousova, Czech Republic, 6-2, 6-4.
Ana Isabel Medina Garrigues, Spain and Arantxa Parra Santonja, Spain, def. Alison Riske, United States and Johanna Konta, Britain, 3-6, 6-4, 7-6 (3).
Zhaoxuan Yang, China and Hao-Ching Chan (8), Taiwan, def. Su-Wei Hsieh, Taiwan and Andrea Petkovic, Germany, 6-4, 6-4.
Tatjana Maria, Germany and Heather Watson, Britain, def. Manon Arcangioli, France and Sherazad Reix, France, 6-3, 6-4.
Renata Voracova, Czech Republic and Taylor Townsend, United States, def. Jessika Ponchet, France and Sara Cakarevic, France, 6-4, 6-1.
Johanna Larsson, Sweden and Kiki Bertens (9), Netherlands, def. Alla Kudryavtseva, Russia and Veronika Kudermetova, Russia, 7-5, 6-2.
Venus Williams, United States and Serena Williams, United States, def. Shuko Aoyama, Japan and Miyu Kato (14), Japan, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1.
Darija Jurak, Croatia and Donna Vekic, Croatia, def. Coco Vandeweghe, United States and Ashleigh Barty (7), Australia, 2-6, 6-4, 6-4.
Anastassia Rodionova, Australia and Nadiia Kichenok (16), Ukraine, def. Mandy Minella, Luxembourg and Anastasija Sevastova, Latvia, 3-6, 6-3, 7-5.
Aliaksandra Sasnovich, Belarus and Ying-Ying Duan, China, def. Olga Savchuk, Ukraine and Ana Bogdan, Romania, 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
Samantha Stosur, Australia and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, Russia, def. Lidziya Marozava, Belarus and Lesley Kerkhove, Netherlands, 6-3, 6-4.
Mixed Doubles
First Round
Matwe Middelkoop, Netherlands and Demi Schuurs, Netherlands, def. Michael Venus, New Zealand and Hao-Ching Chan (6), Taiwan, 6-3, 6-2.
By Deborah M. Todd
OROVILLE, Calif. (Reuters) - Californians who were ordered to evacuate due to a threat from the tallest dam in the United States can now return home after state crews working around the clock reinforced a drainage channel that was weakened by heavy rain.
Officials had ordered 188,000 people living down river from the Oroville Dam to evacuate on Sunday and reduced that to an evacuation warning on Tuesday, Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said.
That means people can move back to their homes and businesses can reopen, but they should be prepared to evacuate again if necessary, Honea told a news conference.
Both the primary and backup drainage channels of the dam, known as spillways, were damaged by a buildup of water that resulted from an extraordinarily wet winter in Northern California that followed years of severe drought.
The greater danger was posed by the emergency spillway, which was subject to urgent repairs in recent days. Though damaged, the primary spillway was still useable, officials said.
More rain was forecast for as early as Wednesday and through Sunday, according to the National Weather Service, but the state Department of Water Resources said the upcoming storms were unlikely to threaten the emergency spillway.
Evacuees received more good news from President Donald Trump, who declared an emergency in the state, authorizing the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate disaster relief efforts.
The lifting of the mandatory evacuation improved the mood among evacuees at Silver Dollar Fairgrounds in Chico, where families packed cars and sifted through piles of donated clothing.
Philip Haar, 37, of Oroville, prepared to take his five dogs back home. He also would be able to feed the rabbit he left behind.
"I'm confident with the warning, at least we'll know the next time something happens to be prepared more than this time," Haar said.
But Richard and Anna Lawson of Oroville said they were not rushing home. Officials last week expressed calm, then abruptly ordered the evacuation on Sunday.
"They kept contradicting themselves. Every time they said something they turned around and said something different," said Richard, 25.
"We're waiting until tomorrow to hear something. We're going to wait until the storm comes through," said Anna, 21.
The sheriff credited swift action by the Department of Water Resources to shore up the emergency spillway and use the main spillway to relieve pressure on the dam, averting the immediate danger of a dam failure, Honea said.
A failure could have unleashed a wall of water three stories tall on towns below.
State officials used 40 trucks carrying 30 tons of rock per hour to reinforce the eroded area around the emergency spillway while two helicopters dropped rock and other materials into the breach.
"We're aggressively attacking the erosion concerns that have been identified," said William Croyle, acting director of the Department of Water Resources.
Water authorities had been relieving pressure on the dam through the concrete-lined primary spillway last week, but lake levels rose as storm water surged in and engineers moderated its use. Then the rising water topped over the earthen backup spillway, which has a concrete top, for the first time in the dam's 50-year history over the weekend.
When the emergency spillway showed signs of erosion, engineers feared a 30-foot-high section could fail, leading to the evacuation order on Sunday. Both spillways are next to the dam, which itself is sound, engineers say.
(Additional reporting by Gina Cherelus and Sharon Bernstein; Writing by Daniel Trotta; Editing by Peter Henderson, James Dalgleish and Lisa Shumaker)
NASA wants IEBC bosses out and ballot tender cancelled
The Standard
NASA leaders Moses Wetang'ula, Musalia Mudavadi, Charity Ngilu and James Orengo address the press in Nairobi. [Moses Omusula, Standard]. Controversy over ballots for the August elections continued Wednesday as NASA demanded the cancellation of …
and more »
I have written many times about the importance of the home-school connection to the academic success of our students. With the end of the third grading period on March 8, our teachers are scheduling spring parent-teacher conferences. These spring conferences provide a very valuable opportunity for parents to learn more about their child's educational progress.
In our school district, we encourage all of our parents to come into our schools and meet with our teachers. Because of the number of parents that may want conferences, your time with your child's teacher may be limited. In order for you to get the most out of spring parent-teacher conferences, here are a few suggestions that may help you:
1. Utilize Progress Book to review your child's grades. Look over some of your child's recent assignments. Take time to write down any questions you might have for the teacher prior to the conference.
2. Talk to your child about school and write down any concerns or questions he/she might have so you can talk about these with the teacher.
3. Ask the teacher how your child has done thus far this year. Are there critical skills that your child still needs to master before the end of the school year?
4. Ask the teacher what your child can work on over the summer months. Your child has worked very hard this year and you don't want them to lose important skills over the summer.
5. Ask the teacher what you can do at home to help your child feel more successful at school.
Following the conference, sit down with your child and talk about what was discussed and then follow-up with the teacher if necessary.
I know parents and students are dealing with many responsibilities and calendars that are jam-packed with activities. However, as a parent and an educator, I would like to urge you to schedule a parent – teacher conference with your child's teacher(s). I know that if you go into our classrooms and meet our teachers, you will be impressed with the knowledge and commitment they have toward helping your child feel successful. Please give our teachers the opportunity to meet with you and work with you by scheduling a spring parent-teacher conference. As always, if you have questions about our schools, please contact me at the Administrative Offices (237-6300) or through e-mail at Susan.Gunnell@huberheightscityschools.org.
http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_Supt.-Gunnell-2.jpg
Parents can tour preschool, get registration information
Susan Gunnell Superintendent, Huber Heights City Schools
Reach Supt. Susan Gunnell at 237-6300 or through e-mail at Susan.Gunnell@huberheightscityschools.org.
Reach Supt. Susan Gunnell at 237-6300 or through e-mail at Susan.Gunnell@huberheightscityschools.org.
A boost in equipment sales propelled Caterpillar's first-quarter profit, as a strong global economy helped support construction and energy industry projects.
The maker of heavy equipment and machinery also greatly increased its outlook for the year, citing an upbeat global market, better pricing and demand.
Profit rose eightfold to $1.67 billion, or $2.74 per share, while revenue surged 31 percent to $12.86 billion. The results topped Wall Street expectations.
Construction equipment sales rose 38 percent during the quarter, while energy and transportation equipment sales rose 26 percent. North America remained the company's biggest market, with its Asia/Pacific region coming in as its next biggest.
Looking ahead, the Deerfield, Illinois company boosted its full-year outlook by $2 to a range of $9.75 to $10.75 per share.
Reo Māori exponent Paraone Gloyne has been named as a finalist in the Te Waitī Awards category for Te Reo and Tikanga of the second annual Matariki Awards. The pioneer of Mahuru Māori that promotes speaking only Māori during the month of September says he's humbled to be nominated alongside some of his mentors.
Paraone Gloyne doesn't just see Te Reo Māori as a language, but a way of life.
"There's nothing else that matters. Everything I do is about the language. I have a lot of responsibilities with the language, and I love it like it's not a chore," he said.
Gloyne along with language stalwarts Professor Rawinia Higgins and Professor William Te Rangiua (Pou) Temara are finalists in the Te Waitī Award for Te Reo and Tikanga (customs).
"I know the calibre of the other finalists, my mentor Te Pou Temara and one of my friends, Dr Rawinia. They've made a great contribution to the language, and that's why I'm humbled."
Paraone Gloyne pioneered the Mahuru Māori initiative three years ago. It was first created only for fluent speakers of Te Wānanga o Aotearoa but has now expanded to include the public and all levels of proficiency.
"Speaking Māori in the month of September is an example that we can do. If those of us who know how to speak Māori, only spoke Māori, the language would thrive."
For more than 25 years Gloyne has been an advocate of the language. He is an assistant to the Executive Director of the Institute of Excellence in the Māori language and Te Wānanga o Aotearoa's Māori customs and language strategist.
"My greatest hope is that all New Zealanders speak Māori. The language belongs to all of us. I may not see it in my lifetime, but, at least I am cultivating to revive the language and plant the seed within those who haven't yet considered learning the language, to strengthen the language among those who've started to speak Māori."
The 2017 Matariki Awards will be held on the 21st of July at the Auckland War Memorial Museum.
Army recovers DSP's body, orderly's rifle in PDP chief's area
•GOC: govt won't tolerate violence in Rivers
he General Officer Commanding (GOC) the newly-created 6 Division in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital, Maj.-Gen. Kasimu Abdulkarim, yesterday displayed the AK-47 rifle and uniforms of Mohammed Alkali, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) of Mobile Police Unit 48 and his orderly, Sgt. Urukwu Nwachukwu.
Alkali and Nwachukwu were beheaded during the December 10 bloody legislative rerun in Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area.
The Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Felix Obuah, is an indigene of the local government.
The GOC warned against violation of Army's clean-up operation in the crude oil and gas-rich Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area, where he said innocent persons were killed daily by militants and cultists.
The GOC said workers of oil companies and others had become apprehensive and were relocating from the area because of the development.
He said the Federal Government would provide tight security in all parts of Rivers.
Abdulkarim stressed that the trend of violence in the state could not be left unchecked.
The GOC displayed the arms, ammunition and other items recovered from hoodlums in the local government.
He also paraded one of the suspects, saying others had been handed over to the police for prosecution.
Abdulkarim said: “Four of the suspected criminals' camps located across the river in Ujju Town near Omoku (the headquarters of Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni LGA) were raided on December 31, 2016. In the raid operations, 6 Division troops, in conjunction with Operation Delta Safe Special Boat Service and air component, engaged the suspected criminals in severe exchange of fire, in which they were dislodged. This led to the arrest of suspects.
“Ammunition, uniforms and weapons were recovered. The late DSP Mohammed Alkali with his orderly, Sgt. Urukwu Nwachukwu's AK-47 rifle and uniforms, as evidenced in the name tags, were also recovered.
“The large cache of ammunition and weapons recovered in the operation also include one AK-47 rifle, two G3 rifles, five double-barrelled guns, two pistols, 31 empty AK-47 magazines, 242 rounds of 7.62 mm NATO and 322 rounds of other ammunition calibre.
“Other recovered items include 31 handsets, bullet-proof jackets, Automated Teller Machine (ATM) cards, first aid box and seven police uniforms.
“In the last one month, 15 people were horrifically murdered with many others kidnapped in Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni LGA of Rivers State. Those killed include a soldier, four officers of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), two policemen and eight civilians. The gunmen also took away ammunition, vehicles and weapons.
“This trend of violence cannot be left unchecked. The 6 Division will sustain operation clean-up of the area (Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni LGA), for oil companies and the people to go about their businesses in a peaceful environment.
“It is envisaged that sustaining the operation will end the senseless killing of innocent citizens, including security personnel. This will further frustrate illegal arms and ammunition acquisition, which will usher secure environment for economic prospects.
“The clean-up operation is in continuation of efforts by the division to recover and mop up illegally-acquired weapons from cultists and criminals, who do not mean well for our dear nation and refuse to embrace the Rivers State amnesty programme.”
The post Army recovers DSP's body, orderly's rifle in PDP chief's area appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ford Motor Co. will cut $14 billion in costs and drop some car models from its lineup under CEO Jim Hackett, who's focusing the company's future on sport utility vehicles, trucks and electrification.
The automaker will target reducing materials costs by $10 billion and engineering outlays by $4 billion over the next five years. Ford plans to shift spending toward products like the resurrected Bronco SUV while axing passenger cars, without naming specific models.
“I get up every day feeling like time can be wasted here if we don't get moving,” Hackett told investors Tuesday at a briefing in New York. “I feel a real sense of urgency.”
Hackett, 62, is on a mission to win over Wall Street and convince wary investors that he has a plan to reverse a three-year stock slide. With profits and market share falling, Ford is being outmaneuvered by competitors such as General Motors Co. and Tesla Inc. when it comes to getting electric vehicles and autonomous technology on the road. The former football player is trying to rewrite this reality by focusing on the company's “fitness” and opening up to more partners and potential acquisitions.
Ford shares rose 0.5% to $12.40 after the close of regular trading Thursday. The stock is up 1.7% this year, trailing Ford's U.S. peers and the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 Index.
Ford plans to reallocate $7 billion that had been earmarked for cars to spend instead on SUVs and trucks. The company also will scrap its mostly go-it-alone strategy under former CEO Mark Fields and be more active pursuing M&A and joint ventures. Since Hackett took over in May, he's partnered with companies on electric vehicles in China and India and teamed up with Lyft Inc. on self-driving cars.
“The world's impression of Ford is that they are behind on a lot of these technologies,” Emmanuel Rosner, an analyst with Guggenheim Partners, said in an interview.
That notion was reinforced Monday when Ford's crosstown rival GM — which already sells the long-range electric Chevy Bolt — announced plans to have 20 battery-powered cars on the road by 2023. The same day, Ford announced it had formed an independent unit dubbed Team Edison to create a business case for EVs. Ford will debut its first long-range model in 2020.
Profitability Goal
“Ford is not behind on the technology,” Sherif Marakby, the head of the company's electric vehicle program, said in an interview Monday. “What's important is that this team makes sure to create a viable and profitable business. Our absolute goal is profitability.”
Hackett established deep ties in Silicon Valley when he reinterpreted the workplace in leading a turnaround of office furniture maker Steelcase Inc. He befriended Steve Jobs and convinced him to outfit Apple Inc. in Steelcase furniture.
“He has a very comfortable relationship with Silicon Valley,” said Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, associate dean of the Yale School of Management, who studied Hackett's work at Steelcase. “There's no arrogance, vanity or even self-awareness about him. Jim is not concerned with managing his personal brand.”
In a presentation to investors, Ford copped to having fallen short of a goal to earn an 8% profit margin with its automotive operations and reinforced that this remains its long-term goal. Costs have risen 29% since 2010, nearly as fast as revenue, which increased 30% during that period. Capital spending has grown even faster.
“Over the past seven years, we've averaged a 6.1% margin and that's simply not good enough,” Hackett said. “That performance gap of two points is worth billions in value.”
Ford is no longer forecasting whether profit will jump in 2018 and will share its forecast for next year in January. Hackett set a new goal to cut automotive cost growth by 50% over the next five years by slashing engineering and material expenses.
The CEO also has set a target to get new models to market faster by reducing development time by 20% and cutting the time it takes preparing factories to build those vehicles by 25%.
Ford will get rid of five of the 17 different engines it builds by 2022 and reduce capital spending on powertrains to $1.2 billion by then, from $1.7 billion last year.
“The mandate here is that Ford must compete,” Hackett told investors. “Companies never choose to die and yet many, by not evolving, are enabling that kind of fate. It's clear that as a company we must then raise our gaze just high enough to ensure we're not disrupted as the world changes.”
By Keith Naughton
PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – Representative Wengay Newton said auto theft victims that leave their doors unlocked with keys inside the vehicle should be penalized by their insurance company.
He said he's talked to insurance companies about the issue as one way to possibly deter auto thefts in St. Petersburg and Pinellas County.
Jed Bandes said he's fed up with all the teen car thefts.
Officials said half the vehicles stolen in Pinellas were unlocked.
“I live in St. Petersburg and there are cars stolen on my street all the time,” said Bandes. “And while I feel bad for them, you leave your keys in your car, they're going to get stolen.”
“You leave your keys in your car, your insurance ought to go up,” he said.
Whether you lock your doors or not, insurance expert Nile Madley of Single Source insurance said rates are high for everyone because car thefts are common in the area.
“There are bad eggs paying in, but insurance is all about the good eggs also buying in so that everyone can be protected,” said Madley.
Rep. Newton said drivers should hold some responsibility and pay a higher deductible.
“The current law on the books says you must not leave your vehicle unattended, running with keys or unlocked, then how could you be a victim,” said Newton.
Madley said it could be a conversation in the future.
“I think it would be something insurance carriers would be interested in, 'cause they do look at the police reports in the case of theft claims. So if they could write in something on the policy that's going to save them on something like that, it's going to be a direct financial risk to the consumer if they don't lock their vehicle or leave their fob in the car.”
Those who oppose Rep. Newton's effort say it's victimizing the victim to penalize them.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Happy with your O2 contract but fancy upgrading to a new smartphone? Then you've landed on the right page.
We've done the research for you, digging out the best current O2 deals on some of the best phones in the world. And for those of you who prefer to buy a handset outright, we've even included a few SIM-only deals for good measure.
The offers all show the total cost of ownership, allowing you to see how much the contract will set you back over the lifetime of the deal.
Read on to find a great deal - and check out our similar articles covering Vodafone, Three and EE.
JONES MILLS, Pa. — A Pennsylvania man says he used flashing dashboard lights to mimic a police speed trap — but only so he could slow down vehicles speeding past his rural home and killing deer and endangering people.
Fifty-seven-year-old Ricky McMillen tells WPXI-TV (http://bit.ly/2z3i8zF ) that he used the flashing lights on his car because he's been complaining about speeders for years and getting few results. What he says he has gotten is very smelly deer carcasses along the road in Donegal Township, about 50 miles southeast of Pittsburgh.
State police charged McMillen on Thursday with impersonating a public servant and displaying improper lights.
McMillen says he's been using the lights for a while and they've worked well.
McMillen has been mailed a summons to appear for a preliminary hearing Dec. 15.
——
Information from: WPXI-TV, http://www.wpxi.com
NORTH WOODSTOCK, N.H. — Authorities say rainy weather isn't enough to contain a 70-acre brush fire near a popular hiking attraction in the rugged terrain in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.
Rain moved through the area Friday, yet authorities say it's not enough to contain the fire, which started Tuesday on a cliff in Kinsman Ridge over the Lost River Gorge. Firefighters are unsure of the cause; they've considered everything from a campfire to a meteor, although some think the latter is far-fetched.
A new command team of state and federal officials took over Friday, allowing for more equipment and firefighters. More than 70 battled the fire and several smaller blazes Thursday.
Lost River Gorge was closed for the season Thursday as crews used it as an operations base. The closure comes ahead of Columbus Day weekend, one of the busiest times of the year.
As a result, the Reno housing market has gone from moribund to scorching. As of February, the median home price in the metropolitan area was about $340,000, more than double its recessionary trough of about $150,000, according to Zillow. The inventory of homes for sale was down 22 percent from a year earlier, according to Redfin, and sales were happening at a much faster clip. The typical home for sale was under contract in 55 days, 24 days faster than a year earlier.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In Reno and elsewhere, one distinguishing feature of the recent migration is that it is not limited to retirees who sold their home with plans to funnel the profits toward a cheaper and lower-tax retirement. There is also an influx of young professionals like Brian Quon, a automation engineer at Tesla.
Mr. Quon, 37, moved to Reno last year, mostly for professional reasons. He bought a house for $400,000, about a third of what his home in San Jose, Calif., was worth, and he said Reno was friendlier and had a slower pace. He said he was not really aware of the debate about growing pains, because he was extremely busy at work and almost no one he worked with was from Nevada.
“As the kids grow up and go to school, I'm sure we'll be more involved in the community,” said Mr. Quon, who is married and has two children under 3.
In contrast to their counterparts in the Bay Area, where the term “gentrification” is used carefully and with regret, Reno boosters and real estate agents boast about how blocks of rundown weekly motels are just months away from gentrifying. Come back soon, the message goes, and all this stuff will be torn down and gone.
Today the typical Reno rent is just under $1,700 a month, up about 30 percent from five years ago, according to Zillow. One result has been a surge in Reno's homeless population. The city's shelter, just a few blocks past a bus station, is overflowing with residents and recently added a propane-heated tent to accommodate all the extra people.
Daniel Ademinokan says he doesn't deserve Stella Damasus as a wife
Stella Damasus is 40 today and her current husband, Daniel Ademinokan has penned down a message in her honour.
In the message, he said he doesn't deserve Stella as a wife.
40 has never looked this good! Gosh! Babe, I don't know what I've done to deserve you as my wife but I'm grateful you said YES to me. The door to your glory days has just been swung open. Step in with confidence and claim your blessings, claim your glory and possess your possessions. Behold, God has set before you nations, kings and rulers who will seek your counsel for wisdom and direction. As you have found your purpose @stelladamasus May you cotinue to walk in God's light. Happy Birthday boo. #SDat40 #StellaDamasusIs40 #StellaDamasus
Photography by: @izzybelleimages
Styled by: @rumeh_ejoor
Recall that Stella had released photos of herself earlier today.
Once again, see them below:
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Daniel Ademinokan says he doesn't deserve Stella Damasus as a wife appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Led by amateur division medalist Kevin Scherr and a wave of young talent, the Bethlehem Golf Club rallied Sunday afternoon at Green Pond Country Club to win the 29th annual Lehigh Valley Inter-Club Championship.
Bethlehem, which also captured the title in 2007, 2008, 2011 and 2017, registered a 10-stroke victory over runner-up Green Pond Country Club in the three-day, 54-hole team and individual competition.
Trailing second-round leader Wedgewood by 12 strokes entering the final round, Bethlehem's nine-player score of 671 strokes (74.6 per player) was by far the lowest team total of the day, and enough to lift it to victory.
At Sunday's final round at Green Pond, the 18 year-old Scherr shot even-par 36-35--71. Scherr, a former Nazareth Area High School golf standout, managed to build on his two-stroke lead entering the final round with a steady three-birdie (holes 4, 9, and 16), 12-greens-in-regulation, four-scramble-par, and 27-putt performance.
Scherr, a rising sophomore at Youngstown State University, shot a 54-hole score of 2-under-par 72-69-71--212 to win by six strokes over fellow young Bethlehem teammate Zach Yuhasz (72-72-74--218), and Matt Long of Green Pond, who shot 72-71-75--218.
In addition to Scherr and Juhasz, Bethlehem's winning effort was also aided by key final-round contributions from 22-year-old Jason Matuczinski (73) and Liberty freshman Jordan Barker (76). Bethlehem was also paced by seniors Robin McCool (72), Tom Egolf (74), and Mike Guro (75).
Scherr, the 2016 PIAA state champion, was pleased with his iron game from the fairways.
"I hit a lot of greens in regulation," said Scherr, who finished sixth in the 2018 Horizon League Golf Championship. "I was making half the good looks I had on the greens. My irons are better. I know my miss, and what I have to do to get on the green."
The victory represents Scherr's second regional major amateur title. In 2016, he won the Lehigh Valley Tournament of Champions.
In the senior amateur division competition, Dave Blichar of Upper Macungie Township shot 2-over-par 76-68-72--216 to win the title by three strokes over defending senior champion Jeff Hudson of Upper Saucon Township, who shot 75-70-74--219.
Sal Picone of Palmer Township, the 2004 amateur division champion, was third at 75-72-74--219. Robin McCool, a five-time winner of the senior event, was fourth at 79-72-72--223.
Blichar, Picone, and McCool are Lehigh Valley Golf Hall of Fame inductees.
Entering the final round with a one-stroke lead over Hudson, Blichar maintained a steady advantage during the final round. A pair of 4-foot birdie putts on the par-4 13th and 14th holes enabled Blichar to build a four-stroke lead over Hudson.
The victory for the 54-year-old Blichar adds to his career resume which also includes winning the 1999 Lehigh Valley Amateur, 2008 Lehigh Valley Tournament of Champions, 2002 Lehigh Valley Medal Play, and the 2013, 2015, and 2017 Lehigh Valley Senior Tournament of Champions titles.
"I credit (Dominic Carr)," Blichar said. "Dom told me two weeks ago to enter. He said you'll win. He was right."
29th annual Lehigh Valley Inter-Club Championship
Green Pond Country Club (par 71)
Third round scores: Bethlehem Golf Club 671 -- Kevin Scherr 71, Jason Matuczinski 73, Zach Juhasz 74, Jordan Barker 76, Stefano Curto 77, Nick Vecellio 79. Seniors: Robin McCool 72, Tom Egolf 74, Mike Guro 75. Green Pond Country Club 692 -- Matt Long 75, Kevin Rossi 75, Riley Hogan 77, Justin Tresslar 77, John Hartzell 78, Ryan Orcutt 80. Seniors: Sal Picone 74, Rob Smith 76, Bruce Jodoin 80. Allentown Municipal Golf Course 703 -- John Dimler 75, Jim Maru 78, Grant Schumaker 78, Mike Casella 79, Luke Smith 80, Matt Crilley 82. Seniors: Dave Blichar 72, Dave Olexson 78, Dominic Carr 81. Wedgewood 725 -- Cory Schmidt 76, Rob Schubach 79, Michael Boyczuk 82, John Olszewski 82, Coley Burke 83, Aaron Thieme 90. Seniors: Jeff Hudson 74, Andy Lykon 77, Ron Gerlette 82. Whitetail Golf Club 748 -- Nate Fry 74, Nick Schiavone 75, Evan Notaro 77, Nick Engelman 83, Adam DeRaymond 84, Jerry Bretzik 87. Seniors: Owen Dunne 84, Randy Kroschwitz 87, Dale Walters 97.
Final team standings after three rounds: 1. Bethlehem Golf Club 2,035, 2. Green Pond 2,045, 3. Allentown Municipal 2,073, 4. Wedgewood 2,077, 5. Whitetail 2,245.
Final amateur top-five 54-hole scores -- 1. Kevin Scherr 72-69-71-212 (2-under-par); 2-T. Zachary Juhasz 72-72-74-218, Matt Long 72-71-75-218; 4. Cory Schmidt 72-71-76-219; 5. Kevin Rossi 73-74-75-222.
Final senior amateur top-five 54-hole scores -- 1. David Blichar 76-68-72-216 (2-over-par); 2. Jeff Hudson 75-70-74-219; 3. Salvatore Picone 75-72-74-221; 4. Robin McCool 79-72-72-223; 5-T. Robert Smith 80-71-76-227, David Olexson Sr. 78-71-78-227.
2018 team champion: Bethlehem Golf Club (second consecutive title).
Drake released his latest album Scorpion on Friday, and in its lyrics, he addresses rumors about his secret child and makes passive aggressive statements towards his “enemies,” possibly including Pusha T and their allegedly finished beef. But there's another frequent topic on Scorpion, one so quotidien and habitual to millennials like Drake that it's hard to imagine he realizes just how often he brings it up: Instagram.
Scorpion is full of unproductive criticism about how society uses the Facebook-owned photo sharing app, a critique aimed at social media in general as much as it is specifically at the women who use it. It's not the first time Drake has taken the younger generation's use of social media to task, nor his first time stewing over women and their phone usage, but it sure does come up a lot. Below, we've compiled ten references Drake (or his guests, or his sample material) make about Instagram on Scorpion. If one averages over the double album's 90-minute runtime, there's an obvious or heavily implied Instagram reference about every 10 minutes.
***
1. “I know a girl whose one goal was to visit Rome / Then she finally got to Rome and all she did was post pictures for people at home / ‘Cause all that mattered was impressin' everybody she's known” from “Emotionless”
2. “I know another girl that's cryin' out for help / But her latest caption is ‘Leave me alone'” from “Emotionless”
3. “I know a girl that saves pictures from places she's flown / To post later and make it look like she still on the go” from “Emotionless”
With three references to photo app usage, “Emotionless” is the premiere Instagram song on Scorpion.
4. “Back and forth to Italy / My comment section killin' me” from “Can't Take a Joke”
It's safe to assume that the only comment section Drake's likely to be paying attention to these days is on his Instagram. After he went on a social media hiatus amid the Pusha T feud, he returned with some vague, emotional commentary left via Instagram comments that fans quickly found and latched onto as a response to the reveal of his son and the feud at large. Even his fans know where to reliably find him.
5. “I ain't on the ‘gram, they record who I am,” from Jay-Z on “Talk Up”
Jay-Z weighs in on the subject, assuring fans that he's too cool for Instagram because he's got the whole world watching him already.
6. “I follow one of your friends, you unfollow me / Then you block them so they can't see you likin' someone just like me” on “Summer Games”
Follows, unfollows, blocks, and photo likes: Yes, Drake's talking about Instagram again.
7. “How you're even managin' to keep straight faces / In all the pictures that I have seen lately / Lord knows you still look amazing, that's besides the point I'm making” on “Jaded”
This one might be a bit of a stretch—but “Jaded” is about a woman who left Drake for someone else, and imagining a mopey Drake fawning over his ex while scrolling through her Instagram account is not a stretch at all.
8. “With your phone out, gotta hit them angles / With your phone out, snappin' like you Fabo” on “Nice for What”
Let's perceive “snappin'” as the generic term for taking photos and not Snapchat explicitly—and “hit them angles,” of course, is what one does when trying to hit the perfect pose for their likes.
9. “I know you wanna / Vacay to a place where you could / Take pictures, post on Insta / Your friends say they miss ya, but they don't really miss ya” on “That's How You Feel”
The second half of Scorpion returns to the vacation Instagram dynamic first explored on “Emotionless.”
Bonus Round: “In My Feelings” contains a sample from the “Champagne Papi” episode of Atlanta: Robbin' Season, an episode entirely about Drake. In it, Zazie Beetz's character Van tells her girlfriends that she needs “a photo with Drake because my Instagram is weak as fuck.”
Did we miss any of Drake's many references to Instagram on Scorpion? Let us know.
Getty Image
Kevin Durant had huge praise for one of his toughest NBA Finals opponents on Tuesday night. The Golden State Warriors superstar raved about Cleveland Cavaliers point guard Kyrie Irving on The Bill Simmons Podcast, calling him better than Allen Iverson.
Simmons had the reigning NBA Finals MVP on his podcast on Tuesday night, and the two had a wide-ranging interview that recapped the Finals. Durant said a lot of interesting things—including that former president Barack Obama send him a text to say congrats. One of the most interesting moments came when Durant compared some of Golden State's toughest opponents to some of the best players in league history.
Justin Timberlake has released a new single called “SoulMate.” The sunny club track–captioned “SUMMER STARTS NOW” in its YouTube description–is Justin Timberlake's first new music since his Man of the Woods LP, which came out in February of this year. Today, Complex also ran an interview with Timberlake where the singer claimed he loved Drake's new album Scorpion and had been discussing a collaboration with the Toronto rapper and singer “a lot.” Fittingly—according to Tidal—“SoulMate” is produced by dvsn's Nineteen85, who is responsible for “Hotline Bling,” “Hold On, We're Going Home,” and numerous other Drake hits. In other Justin Timberlake news from this week, actress Patricia Clarkson shared some interesting NSFW intel about the singer and actor dating back to her experience on the set from 2011's Friends With Benefits. Listen to “SoulMate” below.
67-year-old Pati Mestas was a mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother who loved country music and spending time with her family, the Riverside Press Enterprise said on Tuesday. One of her favorite artists was Jason Aldean, who was performing when the shooting broke out at the Route 91 Harvest music festival in Las Vegas.
Her cousin, Tom Smith, described her as a caring parent and faithful Christian: "She shined. She was vocal and attentive and comforting...I would categorize her as one of the ideal cousins, a role model."
DALLAS (AP) — CORRECTS: Grand jury finds no wrongdoing in police actions during 2016 Dallas ambush that left five officers dead. (Corrects APNewsAlert the ambush happened in 2016, not last July 7.)
The City Horseshoe Bend is pleased to announce a new service, Electronic Billing and Payments. Water/Sewer Utility customers are able to view their bills online, saving the City the cost of printing and mailing bills. Customers participating in online billing receive emails when their bills are ready for viewing. They simply click through and the bill appears with all the information they would have received on a paper bill.
“This is a win for everyone involved,” said Mayor Bob Barnes. “We spend 34 cents in just postage to mail an average bill to a customer. Add to that paper, ink, upkeep on printing equipment expenses, it is costly. The cost to post a bill for online viewing is about a penny. It is just one way we are holding down costs for our customers.”
“We would like our customers to opt out of receiving paper bills to help us reduce costs,” said Public Works Director Donny Dawson, “However, if they prefer to have paper bills sent, they can still pay electronically. When they pay online, by smart phone, or by calling, the payments post to our software, saving time and eliminating manual input errors.” Another benefit is that up-to-date amounts due are posted daily, so customers can know how much they owe by simply going online or viewing it on our mobile app.
Customers can pay from the comfort of their homes, seven days a week, 24 hours a day; log onto www.CityofHorseshoeBend.org, download “PSN Payments” from the App Store® or Google Play™ or call a toll-free automated phone service (877-885-7968) to pay. “Our customers can now pay by credit or debit card as well as making an electronic payment from checking or savings,” noted Water Clerk Barb Kurtzweil. Residents can pay immediately, schedule a payment or set up Auto-Pay and not have to worry about making payments for each bill. Auto-payments can be for the amount of the bill or a set budgeted amount.
Of course, online billing and payments are a green initiative as well. “It is great to do something that benefits our residents while at the same time being kinder to the environment,” commented Recorder/Treasurer Michelle Grabowski.
Electronic payments and bills are easy to use. Once registered, the payment process is just three quick steps. “Registration is simple, customers can just enter their name and account number, and the system will locate their accounts,” noted Kurtzweil. Customers can also print receipts and bills, view current balances and view their electronic payment histories whether the payments were made online, on the mobile app or by phone. A handy tool is available to “group” accounts so that customers can pay multiple billing accounts in one visit.
If customers have questions about using the online, mobile and phone system, they can call the PSN Call Center, which operates during extended business hours, 365 days a year. Call Center can also make payments on behalf of customers should the need arise. Call Center support and the automated phone system are available in English and Spanish.
The City's payment processor charges a convenience fee of $1 for check/savings payments and 2.75% (plus 50 cents if under $100) for credit/debit card payments. Viewing bills and balances due are free services.
Security of online information is always a concern, so when the City looked for a company to provide online bills and payments, that was a top consideration. They chose Payment Service Network, PSN, which has attained Level One Certification by the Payment Card Industry – Data Security Standard, PCI-DSS, the highest degree of security awarded by the industry. PSN specializes in providing billing, payment and communication services to utility companies and municipalities. The company was a pioneer in the online payment industry and is based in Madison, WI. If residents have any questions, they can call PSN's HELP line, toll free at 1-866-917-7368.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
CHICAGO — Bitcoin's debut on a major U.S. exchange is a hit so far, with the price of the first-ever futures contract for the virtual currency rising 18 per cent.
The futures contract that expires in January surged $2,730 to $18,190 Monday morning on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. Trading began Sunday, and the price rose as high as $18,850, according to data from the CBOE.
The CBOE futures don't involve actual bitcoin. They allow investors to make bets on the future direction of bitcoin.
The first session of futures trading fit right in with the frenzy surrounding bitcoin. Traffic to the CBOE website was so heavy right after the start of trading that the site experienced outages. The exchange also halted trading twice Sunday to stem volatility. The exchange operator has rules in place to stop trading after price swings of 10 per cent.
Another large futures exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 10:15 a.m. CST, it was at $16,510 on Coindesk.
Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future, hence the name. Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat, soy, gold, oil, cocoa and, as dramatized in the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie “Trading Places,” concentrated frozen orange juice.
The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces. The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin's price will go down — a practice known as shorting — which had been very difficult to do.
There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream. Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin, tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin, but federal regulators denied their application.
How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air. Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so. Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures, or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased.
The digital currency has had more than its fair share of critics on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin “a fraud.” Thomas Peterffy, chairman of the broker-dealer Interactive Brokers Group, expressed deep concerns about the trading of bitcoin futures last month, saying “there is no fundamental basis for valuation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and they may assume any price from one day to the next.”
Peterffy noted that if bitcoin futures were trading at that time, under the CBOE's rules those futures likely would experience repeated trading halts because 10 per cent or 20 per cent moves in bitcoin prices have not been unusual in recent months.
Bitcoin is the world's most popular virtual currency. Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously. They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded.
A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies. Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit, anonymous payments. Others say they can be helpful methods of payment, such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed.
——
Kelvin Chan in Hong Kong contributed to this report.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The scope of the Facebook data harvesting scandal likely extended far beyond 87 million people, according to a former Cambridge Analytica employee who described how a "sex compass" app was used to gather data.
Brittany Kaiser, who worked for Cambridge Analytica for almost three years before leaving in January, testified before the United Kingdom's Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee in London on Tuesday as part of its investigation into disinformation and fake news, providing fresh information into how the secretive data analysis company operated.
In addition to the "This Is Your Digital Life" survey developed by Cambridge University researcher Aleksandr Kogan, Kaiser said Cambridge Analytica and its partners used a wide range of surveys to collect information on Facebook users — including a "sex compass" app that asked people about their "personal preferences."
"I do not know the specifics of these surveys or how the data was acquired or processed," she said. "But I believe it is almost certain that the number of Facebook users whose data was compromised through routes similar to that used by Kogan is much greater than 87 million, and that both Cambridge Analytica and other unconnected companies and campaigns were involved in these activities."
When she first joined the company in February 2015, Kaiser said its data science, psychology and creative teams would work together to create surveys in order to get Facebook users to provide access to their accounts.
Cambridge Analytica has been under scrutiny after a whistleblower came forward alleging that the firm, which worked on President Donald Trump's campaign, used Facebook data to target U.S. voters based on personality traits.
Kaiser said she would tell clients about viral personality quizzes on Facebook and how these applications could be used to harvest information from users who agreed to give the app access to their profiles. It continued to be a part of the company's sales pitch to "commercial, political and defense clients" even after Facebook requested that Cambridge Analytica delete the data, she said.
Until 2014, Facebook's developer platform allowed connected apps to take almost any data they wanted from a user who authorized their app. The policy was so loose that it even allowed developers to gather some basic information from the profiles of a person's friends — even if those friends had not opted in to sharing their information.
Serena returns to Wimbledon at the age of 36 with yet more silverware in her sights – so why is women's tennis still so often forgotten in the 'Greatest of All Time' debate?
Serena Williams is back. Did you know she'd been away? Ask the average person to say who won the women's title at Wimbledon last year, and chances are they will offer her name. Remind them that she gave birth to her first child on 1 September, and quite often they may nod before asking in puzzlement, “Didn't she win, then?”
Advertisement
Serena has captured 23 grand slam singles titles – the biggest prizes in tennis – and she could win her eighth Wimbledon, at the age of 36, a couple of weeks from now. That's barely ten months after the arrival of her daughter Olympia; but even she couldn't win the greatest championship of them all when seven months pregnant. It was Garbiñe Muguruza who took the 2017 title, although there was a Williams in the final – Venus, magnificent at (then) 37, is still ranked in the top ten even now, one year on.
Serena did, of course, win grand slam number 23, the Australian Open, in January last year, when she was eight weeks pregnant – since when she has also got married. She met Alexis Ohanian, now 35, multimillionaire co-founder of the social news website Reddit, in May 2015, and their wedding guests last November included Eva Longoria, Kim Kardashian and Beyoncé. Six months later, the new Mr and Mrs Ohanian were mixing it with George and Amal Clooney and co at the marriage of Prince Harry and Williams's friend Meghan Markle.
Two days after the royal wedding, when Serena was seen practising on the red clay courts of Paris ahead of the French Open, it caused a tennis sensation. Until then, her comeback after her daughter's birth had been a stop-start affair. Initially she had targeted the defence of her Australian Open crown, in January this year, but it was only when she announced that she wouldn't be fit in time that she disclosed she had suffered blood clots and hematoma in the days after having an emergency caesarean and they had almost cost her her life.
She took the return slowly – two wins and two defeats in the USA in March added up to so little that some had begun to question if she really did want to return. After all, it would be perfectly understandable if her focus had shifted. And then there she was in Paris, front-page news.
Having played so little that her WTA singles ranking stood at 451, she was unseeded at the French Open, meaning that she risked being drawn against the world number one in the very first round. Instead, she faced first the number 70, Kristyna Pliskova, then Ashleigh Barty (17) and Julia Görges (11) – and defeated them all – in a black catsuit that became an instant sensation. (It remains to be seen if Wimbledon will sanction an all-white version.)
Only her withdrawal with a pectoral injury prevented a showdown with her old foe, Maria Sharapova, herself on a longer comeback trail since returning from a drugs ban. Earlier, in a riveting press conference, Williams had dismissed assorted stories told about her in Sharapova's 2017 memoir Unstoppable: My Life So Far, as “100 per cent hearsay”.
Ah yes, the press conferences – at Roland Garros, Serena's were jam-packed. The rules state that all players must face the media after every match year-round or else pay a fine, so each grand slam yields dozens of routine such gatherings; but even among the biggest names at the French Open, barely any were like hers, with 150 or so correspondents crammed into a room at the Stade Roland Garos.
It's impossible to calculate how many press conferences she has given in her time. Bear in mind that when she won her first Wimbledon title – the mixed doubles with Max Mirnyi in 1998 – Bill Clinton was in the White House, and the prince whose wedding she would attend 20 years later was only 13. Two decades on, the more Serena wins, the hungrier she gets.
Celebrity has hardly dented that appetite. She counts Oprah Winfrey and Facebook CEO Sheryl Sandberg as friends; she's a regular at New York's A-list Met Gala; and has a cameo in new crime caper Ocean's 8. She loves all that. But what she wants professionally, above all things, is to reach 25 singles grand slams, and break the record of 24 won by Australia's Margaret Court between 1960 and 1973. Court, incidentally, won the last three of her slams following the birth of her first child.
“That's what Serena's hanging in there for – to take that record, which she's very capable of doing,” says Radio Times expert Annabel Croft, who is also a BBC analyst and former British number one. “I was in absolute awe of her tennis in Paris. Anyone who's had a baby knows how exhausting it is. It divides your time – all day you're emotionally tuned in to your baby and you don't want to leave them for a second. Before the baby, her day would have been 100 per cent geared to being a professional player, and all that entails in terms of gym work, physio, running, quite apart from tennis. It's mind- blowing she's fitting all that in round a baby.”
Williams isn't the only tennis mum to make a comeback. The former world number one Victoria Azarenka gave birth to her son Leo in December 2016 and is now ranked 85; her return began a year ago, but was complicated by a custody battle. Luxembourg's Mandy Minella was ranked 67 before she gave birth to her daughter Emma last October, and is now ranked 336 after returning in February. But Williams's high profile meant that her return to tennis spurred a debate about new mothers in all professions going back to work.
“Her stardom is like Muhammad Ali,” says Croft. “She transcends the sport. She has very strong messages she puts out, she speaks her mind, and backs it up by being one of the greatest athletes ever. She is an icon, a torchbearer for women, a role model in so many aspects – I know my kids absolutely adore her.”
And yet consider this. Earlier this month, right after Rafael Nadal won his 11th French Open singles title, this headline appeared in The Daily Telegraph: “If the Greatest Of All Time debate was a fair fight, Rafael Nadal would be far ahead of Roger Federer”.
Neither Nadal (with 17) nor Federer (with 20) has won 23 grand slams, unlike Serena. Neither man has won so much as one grand slam doubles title, unlike Serena (she and sister Venus have grabbed 14 together, while Serena has a further two in mixed doubles). Neither man, funnily enough, has won any of his slams while pregnant, unlike Serena. Neither has almost died in childbirth, nor then started a comeback mere months later, unlike Serena. And while both are hugely popular, with a reach way beyond tennis, neither has generated a global debate relevant to every working parent of their gender, unlike… you know the chorus by now. Yet Serena is still casually overlooked.
But not by everyone. Andy Murray has picked up on this lazy sexism more than once. When it was put to him by John Inverdale in Rio in 2016 that he was “the first person ever to win two Olympic tennis gold medals”, Murray corrected him immediately: “I think Venus and Serena have won about four each.” Then last year, after he had lost to the American Sam Querrey in the quarter-finals at Wimbledon, Murray sat glum-faced in a press conference afterwards, but roused himself to correct a journalist who said Querrey was “the first US player to reach a major semi-final since 2009”. “Male player,” the Scot said sternly.
If that “who's the greatest?” debate was fair, there'd be only one name in the frame. Serena Williams is one of the greatest sports achievers on the planet. The phrase “they're history” is usually said of those in defeat. Serena Williams is making history, and she walks among us. All rise.
Advertisement
Wimbledon 2018 airs on the BBC throughout July
It seems all graduating from high school seniors know about the freshman 15. You may have heard about this infamous 15 pound weight gain from your friends, the media, maybe even a nutrition class in school. It's time to set the record straight and stop perpetuating this myth.
The freshman 15 is not real. It's #fakenews. Graduation season click-bait.
Here's what you need to know:
The first year of college is a common time for weight change
It is true that some young men and women do gain weight freshman year. Current North American studies suggest the average gain is 7.5 pounds, with only 10 percent of students gaining 15 pounds or more. Studies also suggest weight gain is not really a spike in the first year, but a slow accumulation of weight during the college experience and after graduation. Finally, the risk of weight gain seems higher in men than women.
More from Parent Toolkit: 8 Life Skills Your Teen Needs Before Moving Out
Often not discussed is that the same stress and expectations that can make one individual gain weight, can trigger the opposite effect in others. In fact, 15 percent of students actually lose weight during the first year. This timing correlates with peak disordered eating behaviors at 18-21 years of life. Strict dieting and unhealthy food relationships can lead to significant, unhealthy weight loss. Unfortunately, a significant percentage of casual college dieters will develop a full-blown eating disorder.
These studies matter because it helps us re-frame what is normal. As we head off to college, it's important to know what our healthy long-term weight actually is. From that target weight range, it is easier to appreciate natural fluctuations in weight that occur as part of our life experience, and to choose healthy means of weight loss or gain if we notice a significant change to our target goal.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Craig Melvin: Why I Chose Wofford College 3:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
If you do gain weight, it's not just the beer
Although it's easy to give the finger wag to high-calorie alcoholic drinks, moderate drinking in college is not associated with weight gain. Important note: Drinking alcohol in college is associated with other significant problems. Before you choose to drink, read up on your risks. It is true that many alcoholic beverages are high-calorie; but so are sodas, juices, and fancy coffee drinks. Weight gain can come from drinking too many calories, regardless of what type of drink it may be.
More from Parent Toolkit: How to Let Go
In addition to simple liquid calories, researchers have suggested many other reasons for college weight gain. Lack of parental oversight to food choices; cheap, high-calorie foods due to a limited budget; late night eating; moving away from routine athletics; side effects of drugs and alcohol (munchies, hangovers); cheap food availability; decreased quality college cafeteria foods; chronic stress; less sleep.
In short, the entire college experience.
Ultimately, there are not any “tricks” to maintaining your healthy goal weight. Remember that a lifetime of small decisions matter. Consistency and common sense over the long-term is what will contribute to success. Some weight-healthy habits include:
Keeping a routine meal schedule. Limits the need for snacking.
Eating breakfast every day. Rev up your metabolism.
Getting enough sleep. Sleep deprivation increases our craving for carbs.
Choosing a variety of foods in moderation. Your plate should be colorful.
Staying active. Don't go 3 days without exercising.
Stress reduction. Biochemical changes caused by stress foster weight gain.
Watch the end of semester, where late nights, fast food, increased stress, lack of sleep and lots of snacks combine.
Visit Parent Toolkit to read the rest of this story.
Natasha Burgert, MD, FAAP is a general pediatrician in Kansas City, MO and National Spokesperson for the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Nike decided to get out of the golf equipment business in 2016 – leaving its star athletes like Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods to find new clubs and balls – but the company is still making golf apparel, and it kicked off the new year by landing the No. 1 golfer in the world.
Jason Day, who played TaylorMade clubs and wore adidas clothing in 2016, revealed Sunday that he's now a Nike athlete.
Philips claims a ‘world's first' with a 4K HDR display for PC arriving this summer
Envision Peripherals revealed a new desktop monitor under the Philips Momentum brand that's the first to sport the VESA DisplayHDR 1000 certification. Its the top-of-the-line HDR-capable display, with a 1,000-nit maximum brightness.
The post Philips claims a ‘world's first' with a 4K HDR display for PC arriving this summer appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: ghbsase.com
2017-01-02
Aki and son
Update: Ghbase.com has learned that, the baby in the picture is not actually his own but his niece.
Chinedu Ikedieze who is popularly known as Aki to most Ghanaians for their popular movie ‘Aki & Popor' which became such a great hit in Ghana some years ago, has been blessed with a beautiful child.
Aki who is also one of the lead character in the hit African sitcom ‘The Johnsons' took to his Instagram to make the announcement. He has been married to his wife Nneoma Nwaijah since 2011 and this baby is their first child.
“UNTO US A CHILD IS BORN“– He wrote on his Instagram account with a photo attachment of the baby.
It must be such a joyous moment for his family to be blessed with a baby on the first day of January.
The final event of the GolfSixes league, for young golfers new to the sport, took place at St Clements GC where all five clubs involved in this Golf Foundation pilot scheme were represented.
Going into the final event the league positions were tight with just two points separating the top three teams (The Suffolk, Bury and Ipswich).
With the light fading fast, The Suffolk cinched the win in the final event and won the league — The Suffolk 21pts, Bury 19, Ipswich 17, Bramford 11, Stonham 11.
Katie Morgan, Eastern Region Development Officer for the Golf Foundation said: “Steve Hall (The Suffolk Director of Golf) has done a wonderful job in steering his participants through a coaching programme linked to County Upper and King Edward VI schools in Bury.”
The Suffolk GC winning team (aged between 12 and 15) were Alexandra Cotton, Ben Tyrell, George Bedford, Jo Whitman, Josh Parker and Thomas Marshall.
Thetford GC
Thetford Golf Club are the Norfolk County Scratch Cup champions for the second year running.
After a stunning recovery to beat Bawburgh in the morning semi-final, Thetford went on to beat King's Lynn in the afternoon final, at Eaton GC, to make it back-to-back wins.
Thetford were trailing 2-1 in their matches against Bawburgh and were also behind in the last two games on the course.
Playing the 17th. John Stapleton was 2down and Paul Pearce 1down.
Bawburgh just needed to halve one of those remaining holes to win the semi, but Thetford had to win all four holes just to gain a play-off.
Stapleton won the 17th and the 18th to halve his match and keep Thetford hopes alive and Pearce rolled in a 25-foot putt on the 17th for a winning birdie to make his match all square.
At the 18th his drive clipped a tree and dropped down 235 yards from the hole.
A career 5-wood to 15ft answered the pressure brilliantly and his opponent came up just short.
Pearce had a chance to win it with his birdie putt, but just missed while his opponent was also just off target with his par putt.
Pearce won the match one up and the overall score was 2½-2½.
Iain Yule, who had won the top match, returned for the play-off and held his nerve to win on the first extra hole.
The momentum stayed with Thetford as they secured a 3½-1½ win over King's Lynn in the afternoon final to keep the trophy in Thetford's cabinet.
After Yule finished all square in the top match, Giles Evans was 5up with five to play but only won on the 18th.
Stapleton won his match by a comfortable 3&2 while Farnham just lost out on the final green. Pearce made sure of the overall win with a 3&2 in the bottom contest.
The Suffolk GC
There was a wonderful atmosphere in a packed Lark Suite at All Saints Hotel for The Suffolk GC presentations at their annual Captains' Day.
Alf Jackson and Angie Lewis hosted the event as they come to the end of their year in office.
Jackson will be continuing for a second year as men's captain while Lewis is handing over to Karen Absolon at the club's drive-in on October 22.
Jackson and vice-captain Pete Cocksedge presented the trophies, and president Peter Plumb thanked Lewis for her two-year service.
The money raised was also presented to representatives of their chosen charities.
Sarah Burns received a cheque for £2,200 on behalf of the Willow Foundation who provide special days for seriously ill young adults. The co-founders and presidents are Bob Wilson (former Arsenal and England goalkeeper) and his wife Megs.
Simon de Laat also received a cheque for £2,200 on behalf of the East Anglian Air Ambulance.
The presentations were preceded by a Greensomes competition won by Ian Mortlock and Gary Cox with 42 points.
Mick Callinan and Martin Main were second on countback followed by James Laflin and Mick Davey with 41.
Stowmarket GC
Stowmarket's last major event of the year was hosted by president Richard Dewar and his wife Flora, when 181 members competed for the prestigious President's Putter.
In a close Saturday competition, Ady Barham was the winner with a lifetime best round of gross 69, giving him 43 points off his 7-handicap.
On Sunday, 22 pairs competed in the Mixed Greensome for the President's Cup.
The inaugural winners were Di Glasswell and Andy Goodwin with an impressive 43 points.
Stowmarket Ladies held their Woodward shield recently. Liz Laflin won with 37 points followed by Kim Davis on 34.
At Stoke by Nayland Golf Club, Stowmarket's Sam Forgan had a top-20 finish to secure a place in stage two of the European Tour qualifying school in Spain in November. Hugo Dobson (Woodbridge) also made it through to Spain.
A 25-year employee was nominated to take over as Northampton County's Director of Corrections, according to a news release issued Monday.
James Kostura is the choice of Northampton County Executive Lamont McClure. McClure hopes county council will confirm his nominee in April, the release says.
Former director Daniel Keen lost his job after County Executive John Brown was voted out last year. Keen was appointed in 2014. The prison is now in the hands of interim director Todd Buskirk.
Kostura has served as deputy warden at the prison since 2013, the news release says.
He began his career as a corrections officer in 1993 and later moved up to shift lieutenant then security operations administrator.
Kostura served in the U.S. Navy/Naval Reserves for 20 years as an active duty SEAL officer providing training in anti-terrorism techniques and defensive tactics.
Rudy Miller may be reached at rmiller@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @RudyMillerLV. Find Easton area news on Facebook.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fish and Chips at Weston Grove in Chester has been named as one of the UK's 50 Best Fish and Chip Takeaways - the only chippy in the city to make the prestigious list.
The accolade follows an extensive six month search by leading trade publication Fry Magazine to find those takeaways serving up the finest fish suppers.
To make the top 50, Fish and Chips at Weston Grove in Upton had to impress a mystery diner who visited unannounced and marked the chippy on more than 40 aspects of their business from the quality of the food and customer service to cleanliness and value for money.
With the pass mark set high at 96%, Fish and Chips at Weston Grove scored an impressive 99% with the mystery diner particularly praising the superb quality of the fish and chips, the excellent service, cleanliness and the menu choices available including items for gluten free customers.
“The fish was very white and, when broken into, it was moist and flaky. There was no excessive grease to be seen and the chips were a good size, firm on the outside, soft in the middle.” was just one of the positive comments alongside customer service with the mystery diner noting: “The staff were focussed on serving customers and service was polite and efficient.”
Josette and Richard Foster, owners of Fish and Chips at Weston Grove, said: “We are extremely honoured to make the list, especially after receiving our award for Best Newcomer in the National Fish and Chip Awards in January.
“This means the world to us as we are so passionate about providing good, honest, proper British fish and chips to the all of our customers. We put our success down to only using the best quality, sustainably sourced fish, being extremely particular about standards, consistency of products and above all having a dedicated small team who are as passionate as we are.”
Fry Magazine's 50 Best Fish AND Chip Takeaways is in its sixth year and sponsors include Goldensheaf, Frymax, Friars Pride, VA Whitley, Middleton Foods, KFE, Nortech Foods, Brakes, Profry, Shoppers Anonymous and Kingfrost.
Seeing some items in the archive, which the Ransom Center bought for $2.2 million, will still require a trip to Texas. The digital collection does not include any of the 10 drafts of García Márquez's final, unfinished novel, “We'll See Each Other in August.” (One chapter of the novel was published in the Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia in 2014, shortly after García Márquez's death at age 87; the estate said via email that it has no further plans for publication.)
Photo
But online readers can access a 32-page draft section of the projected second volume of García Márquez's memoirs, which would have covered the years after he moved to Europe and then Mexico City, where he wrote “One Hundred Years of Solitude” and lived until his death. They can also use a special viewer to make side-by-side comparisons of different drafts of various works as they evolved.
Alvaro Santana-Acuña, a sociologist at Whitman College who is working on a book about the history of “One Hundred Years of Solitude,” said the archive was already helping to explode some of the legends surrounding the novel, many of which were carefully crafted by García Márquez himself.
The novelist, who won the Nobel Prize in 1982, had often spoken of the book as pouring out in a kind of magical trance. “I did not get up for 18 months,” he later said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But in fact, Mr. Santana-Acuña said, correspondence in the archive shows that he regularly sent out sections for reactions from friends and literary critics. He also published about a third of the chapters in newspapers around the world before the book's publication, and sometimes made adjustments according to audience reaction, much as 19th-century writers like Charles Dickens would.
“He published the most important chapters, to make sure he knew what different audiences — ordinary readers, literary critics, the intelligentsia — thought,” Mr. Santana-Acuña said.
García Márquez, like many writers, claimed not to bother much with reviews, especially negative ones. But the archive includes a number of scrapbooks which carefully compile — and sometimes privately respond to — reviews of his work in many different languages.
Mr. Santana-Acuña said he was particularly amused by a notation on a second review of “One Hundred Years of Solitude” that appeared in the conservative Colombia newspaper El Tiempo, which had initially dismissed the novel as badly written left-wing propaganda.
“Al menos por larga y entusiasta!” García Márquez (who in the 1950s had written for a rival Colombian newspaper) wrote of the second effort — “At least it's long and enthusiastic!”
IGEL is a 100 percent channel-driven company – and for good reason: it's our commitment to the channel that drives our success.
Last year IGEL made some substantial investments in our channel program. Our goal? To empower our partners so that they could build vibrant IGEL practices. Those channel investments lead to a staggering 95% increase in IGEL software sales last year in the U.S. alone, and a 555% increase globally in software sales, year over year for Q1.
Now, we're being recognized for the success of our strategy. CRN®, a brand of The Channel Company, has given the IGEL Partner Program a 5-Star rating in its 2017 Partner Program Guide. The annual guide recognizes partner programs that create significant growth opportunities for channel partners. It's an elite subset of vendors – just those that offer solution providers the best, of the best, in partnering elements.
Read the entire article here, IGEL Partner Program Gets 5-Stars from CRN
via the fine folks at IGEL Technology!
Learn more:
BERLIN — German Chancellor Angela Merkel is rejecting suggestions that an agreement to set up “transit centres” on the border with Austria, from which some asylum-seekers would be returned to other European countries, marks a turnaround in her migration policy.
The agreement among Merkel's conservative bloc hinges on other countries taking back migrants they've previously registered, as well on as the chancellor's centre-left coalition partners. Merkel said people would be kept in the new centres for 48 hours at most.
Merkel refused to close Germany's borders as the migrant influx peaked in 2015 but has since significantly toughened her stance. She backed a wider but later-aborted proposal for border facilities over two years ago.
Asked by ARD television Wednesday whether she has now become a “sealing-off chancellor,” Merkel replied: “No. A clear no.”
BBNaija! Cee-C And Nina Bag Another Endorsement Deal
Big Brother Naija 2018 finalists, Nina and Cynthia Nwadiora aka Cee-C just bag an endorsement deal with Slim Girl Shapewear, a Lingerie, Shapewear & Swimwear supply shop in Nigeria. This was made public by the Chief Executive Officer of the company on Instagram. The post read: “Over the years we (@Slimgirlshapewear and our American Store […]
The post BBNaija! Cee-C And Nina Bag Another Endorsement Deal appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Now that Shohei Ohtani and Giancarlo Stanton picked their new places to play, baseball bosses checked into the winter meetings primed to make moves that had been bottled up for weeks.
The market for relievers quickly warmed Sunday, even before many teams got down to business.
Luke Gregerson found a spot in the St. Louis bullpen, and Brandon Morrow could be closing for the Cubs. Still available: free agents Wade Davis, Greg Holland and Brandon Kintzler.
“There are a lot of guys out there, a lot of teams looking for relief pitching,” New York Mets general manager Sandy Alderson. “We think there are some values.
“I don't think that we will jump into the inferno, but we do want to improve our bullpen,” he said.
Plenty of top hitters are in play, too, a list topped by J.D. Martinez and Eric Hosmer. Yu Darvish and Jake Arrieta are among the starters listening to offers.
Stanton was expected at the resort hotel near Disney World on Monday. As workers finished putting bright red poinsettias around the lobby, the New York Yankees prepared to unveil their big holiday present.
Having turned down chances to slug for the Cardinals and Giants, the big-bopping Stanton got a trade he liked. The NL MVP who led the majors in home runs and RBIs was ready to move from the Miami Marlins and put on pinstripes.
That deal, set to send All-Star second baseman Starlin Castro to the Marlins, could have a domino effect — Miami might flip him fast to the Mets.
“I've talked to a couple of people who were involved in the Stanton discussions who I think do feel as if they've been somewhat liberated to talk about other things,” Alderson said.
Ohtani, the prized pitcher/hitter from Japan, chose to join the Los Angeles Angels and was presented over the weekend by his new club.
“There were lots of teams that were involved in Ohtani,” Alderson said. “Now we have the winter meetings, so I think we have the right forum and I think some things have been cleared away, and I do think activity will pick up.”
The Cardinals got busy, reaching a deal with Gregerson, according to a person familiar with the negotiations.
Gregerson will get an $11 million, two-year contract. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because the agreement was subject to a physical and had not yet been announced.
The 33-year-old righty was 2-3 with a career-high 4.57 ERA in 65 relief appearances for Houston. He didn't permit a run in five post-season appearances as the Astros won their first World Series championship.
The Cubs anticipate losing Davis, but seem to have filled the void with Morrow. Multiple reports have the 33-year-old righty joining Chicago.
Morrow was 6-0 with two saves and a 2.06 ERA in 45 games for the Los Angeles Dodgers last season. He notably then pitched in all seven World Series games.
Also on deck Monday: the arrivals of the newest Hall of Famers, longtime Detroit Tigers teammates Jack Morris and Alan Trammell. A day after a 16-man committee elected them, Morris and Trammell were set to stroll through the hotel halls as baseball royalty.
“I am still overwhelmed,” Trammell said. “At this particular time, I don't know what else to say.”
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists, but had eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers.
Game 3 is Thursday night.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Netflix Inc. shares fell nearly 4% in post market trading after the streaming giant reported it added fewer subscribers than Wall Street had expected during the first quarter. Net income for the first quarter came in at $178.2 million, or 40 cents per share, which was an improvement compared with the $27.7 million, or 6 cents per share the company reported during the same period a year ago. Analysts following the company on FactSet expected earnings per share to be 37 cents. Revenue for the quarter hit $2.64 billion, above last year's $1.96 billion and in line with FactSet's $2.64 billion revenue consensus. Netflix stock was likely driven down by the fact it added 4,950 subscribers during the quarter, which was lower than FactSet's expected 5,320 new subscribers and below Netflix's guidance for 5,200 net adds. The big drop off was in international streaming where Netflix added 3,530 memberships, which was softer growth than the 4,510 it added in the year-earlier period and the 5,120 it added during the most recent fourth quarter. Netflix said it expects to add 3,200 new subscribers in the second quarter. Shares of Netflix have gained nearly 19% in the year to date and 32% during the last 12 months. Comparatively, the S&P 500 index is up nearly 5% in the year and the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up more than 3%.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
For automotive fans and industry insiders alike, the New York International Auto Show is one of the biggest and most important annual events — and it didn't disappoint this year, as dozens of new vehicles are making their debut at the Big Apple's Jacob Javits Convention Center this week.
They underscore the dramatic changes sweeping through the auto industry and offer something for everybody, whether you want an environmentally friendly crossover, a muscle car or a sedan that will let you drive hands-free. There were also some exciting concepts that promise to translate into cool production cars in the not-too-distant future.
Here's a look at 10 of the hottest, most intriguing, most unusual and most desirable models to debut at the 2017 NYIAS.
Dodge Demon
The Dodge Demon was the big hit during the auto show's annual media preview, screeching into the Big Apple at a private event along the NY waterfront. The quickest factory-built model ever, Demon delivers an astounding 840 horsepower, enough to launch from 0 to 60 in 2.3 seconds and run the quarter-mile in 9.65 seconds — at 140 mph.
It's also the first street-legal production car certified by the Guinness Book of World Records to be able to do a wheelie. Meant as much for the track as the street, Demon comes with only a driver's seat, though you can order one for a passenger, even a rear bench, if you want to take the family along, too.
The Dodge Demon Courtesy of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk
Two themes dominated this year's event: SUVs and muscle cars. The Trackhawk falls into both categories. It starts out as the Detroit brand's midsize mainstay, but Jeep manages to shoehorn under the hood the same, 707-horsepower engine first used in the Dodge Challenger and Hellcat models a couple years back. That makes this the most powerful SUV ever to roll off the factory floor. And while it won't quite keep up with the new Dodge Demon, it will give a Porsche 911 a good run for the money.
The Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
Lincoln Navigator
Lincoln invented the full-size luxury SUV category two decades ago, but for reasons hard to explain, Ford Motor Co.'s luxury brand all but abandoned the big beast in recent years. After a 10-year wait, an all-new version made its debut at the 2017 NYIAS and it is a real head-turner.
When a driver walks up, its exterior lights wink a hello. Inside, motorists are bathed in luxury and offered the sort of room one might expect from a business jet, including 30-way heated and cooled power front seats. There are all sorts of high-tech features, including twin rear video screens and built-in 4G LTE WiFi.
The all-new Lincoln Navigator is a real head-turner. Paul A. Eisenstein
Subaru Ascent
Like a number of appealing products on display at the show, the three-row Subaru SUV is being billed as a "concept." But what you see is largely what you will get when the Ascent rises into the production category a year from now. (It will make its official debut at the Los Angeles Motor Show in November.)
Long known for its rugged little crossover-utility vehicles, the Ascent is the biggest vehicle Subaru has ever brought to market, and it's also the most lavishly equipped, with all sorts of family friendly features, including a rear entertainment system.
The Subaru Ascent is lavishly equipped. Paul A. Eisenstein
Toyota FT-4X
Like the rest of the auto industry, Toyota is racing to transform its line-up to take advantage of booming demand for utility vehicles, and this concept hints at what it may bring to market for urban road warriors, millennials who want something cool, yet compact enough to drive around the city during the week and then functional and flexible enough to head out to the urban wilds over the weekend.
The FT-4X — a Toyota code for "future truck, all-wheel-drive" — is loaded with intriguing features, including a center armrest that conceals a sleeping bag, dome lights that transform into flashlights, and a back hatch that either lifts up like a traditional tailgate or swings open like twin barn doors.
Toyota's FT-4X -- which stands for "future truck, all-wheel-drive" -- is built for the urban warrior. Paul A. Eisenstein
Buick Regal TourX and Enclave
Buick gets a two-for-one because its new-for-New York stand reveals just how diverse today's SUVs are becoming. The Enclave was a breakthrough entry for the once-dying "premium" brand, drawing in a generation of new buyers who might not have ever thought about Buick before. It's back as the Enclave Avenir, marking the launch of a special, upscale sub-brand — similar to what sibling brand GMC does with its own Denali models.
Meanwhile, the TourX is a German-made version of the familiar Regal line that some might call a station wagon. But Buick aimed to enhance its appeal by giving it a slight lift and a more rugged look and declaring it a crossover-utility vehicle.
The Buick Regal TourX Buick
Honda Clarity
The third-largest Japanese automaker recently became the third automaker to offer a hydrogen-powered fuel-cell vehicle in the U.S. market, the Clarity FCV. But it's only available in a few select parts of California because of a lack of a hydrogen infrastructure.
So, Honda is adding two more versions of the Clarity to appeal to different segments of the emerging green machine market. That includes the Clarity Electric, a pure battery-electric vehicle with a modest 80 mile range, as well as the Honda Clarity Plug-in Hybrid.
Expected to be the best-seller in the group, the PHEV can travel up to 40 miles on battery power alone before its internal combustion engine fires up, letting the Clarity keep going as long as there's gas in the tank.
Honda's line of Clarity Electric cars includes a pure battery-electric vehicle with a modest 80 mile range. Paul A. Eisenstein
Lucid Air
This sleek Tesla fighter is slated to reach production around 2019 and it shows just how appealing electric propulsion could become in the near future. With its 130-kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery, start-up Lucid Motors anticipates range of more than 400 miles. But its twin electric motors produce a combined 1,000 horsepower, enough to hit 60 in under 3 seconds. A prototype recently set a record, hitting 217 mph.
The real appeal, though, is the business jet-style interior. Despite its modest exterior size, the Lucid Air has more interior space than a stretch version of the Mercedes-Benz S-Class. The cabin is filled with high-tech features, including a laptop computer-sized touchscreen to operate most vehicle functions. Lucid claims it will have a 400-hp, 200-mile range entry version of the glass-roofed Air on sale for about $60,000.
The Lucid Air will go from 0 to 60 in less than three seconds, according to Chief Technical Officer Peter Rawlinson. Paul A. Eisenstein
Nissan Rogue Dogue
Even man's best friend has something special to enjoy at this year's New York Auto Show. Nissan is showing off several special editions of its popular, compact SUV, with one specifically geared for pet fanciers. It will let your pet travel in safety and comfort. The automaker took some top items from dog owners' wish lists, such as clip-in harnesses and non-spill water dispensers, as well as a ramp that makes it easy for Fido to climb. There's even a doggie shower and a drying system, to boot.
Lyric, a border collie, walks down the ramp of the Nissan Rogue, Dogue edition, at the 2017 New York International Auto Show. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid REUTERS
Mercedes-AMG GT R
This is a big year for Mercedes' performance sub-brand AMG. It was started by two former employees who wanted to make faster Mercedes race cars. It's now one of the most formidable performance badges in the world, and there are AMG versions of virtually every stock Mercedes model.
But to celebrate its 50th anniversary, AMG is adding a track-ready version of the GT coupe — one of only two models ever designed specifically for the AMG division. The Mercedes-AMG GT R not only makes 577 horsepower and 520 pound-feet of tire-spinning torque but can handily top 200 mph.
If you don't have a place to check that out for yourself, you can at least enjoy its raw power off the stoplight, the GT R launching from 0 to 60 in about 3 seconds.
There's a new face fronting Homes Under The Hammer and her name is Martell Maxwell.
The freelance television and radio presenter, journalist and author steps in to fill Lucy Alexander's shoes, after she left in 2016.
But who is Martell? And where have you seen her before?
Who is Martell Maxwell?
Scottish native Martell Maxwell is a journalist, author, radio and TV presenter with a degree in Law from Edinburgh University and a stellar career in newspapers under her belt.
She first popped up working for The Sun, where she wrote for the Bizarre column in her early days working as a journalist.
Since then she's written a novel based on her experiences as a showbiz reporter and gone on to appear on TV and radio throughout the UK, interviewing some of the biggest names in entertainment and championing her beloved Scotland from time to time too.
Where have I seen her before?
Everywhere, really. Martell presents segments on The One Show, steps in for special showbiz slots on ITV's Lorraine, and chances are you'll also have spotted her offering her views on the big entertainment issues on the likes of Daybreak and Sky News.
She's also worked for BBC3 and Channel 5 too.
There's disappointing news for anyone who likes to like rent gadgets and gear before deciding whether to hand over the cash to make it their own.
Lumoid, a startup that's been renting out tech stuff to shoppers via its website since 2014, announced over the weekend that it's closing down.
San Francisco-based Lumoid started out with camera kit rentals before expanding its offerings to other gear like wearables and drones. But it hasn't been able to make the business work.
The company was most recently in the news in June when we heard about its plans for a partnership with Best Buy to allow customers of the big-box retailer to “try before you buy.” In fact, it seems the deal was a key factor in Lumoid's demise. The startup's founder and CEO, Aarthi Ramamurthyshe, told TechCrunch her business experienced funding difficulties scaling up for the Best Buy launch and as a result decided to end its operation.
In a message posted online on Saturday, she said that over the last four months, she “gradually wound down Lumoid, sold off assets and IP [intellectual property], and helped the team transition as best as we could.”
But despite the setback, Ramamurthy remained upbeat, writing in her post: “We're all insane people for doing what we did, and thankful for our investors who believed in us when no one else did.”
The Lumoid founder added that she was proud to have built the startup and in its lifetime managed to accomplish “a lot as a small team.”
The gadget rental business is clearly a challenge for those who've tried it. YBuy was another startup offering a similar service that fell by the wayside in 2012. Remaining options include Grover, an outfit founded in 2015 that runs with the motto: “Buy less, experience more.” Current Grover rentals include phones and tablets from $3 a month, wearables from $5 a month, and cameras for $10 a month. For specialists in camera and video gear, check out LensRentals and LensProToGo.
With Lumoid now well and truly behind her, Ramamurthy has decided to put her entrepreneurial endeavors on the back burner, revealing that she's already started a new job at Facebook helping to develop its online payment systems.
Bob Costas quoted lyrics from “Hot In Herre” by Nelly during the 2017 Winter Classic and it was really awkward.
Because the 2017 Winter Classic was held at Busch Stadium, the NHL decided to allow St. Louis native Nelly to perform before the event. His performance was pretty impressive and obviously got the crowd pumped up. However, Bob Costas shouldn't quit his day job anytime soon. He attempted to quote lyrics from “Hot In Herre” but failed miserably.
What in the world, Bob Costas pic.twitter.com/O2LCpIkF6O — Deadspin (@Deadspin) January 2, 2017
The song goes “It's getting hot in here, so take off all your clothes.” Costas, of course, manages to make it as awkward as possible. It sounds like William Shakespeare wrote it. And instead of taking off all your clothes, Costas says “take off all your pads.”
Nelly, a huge baseball fan and who idolized St. Louis Cardinals shortstop Ozzie Smith while growing up, even put on Blues gear for his performance. Probably the first time he has worn their colors, but there's a first time for everything.
Maybe it's fitting Nelly performed. After all, he's not even the most famous African-American Blues fan. That would be @soIoucity, AKA Tony X. He's famous for discovering hockey and live tweeting his way through his experience of falling in love with playoff hockey. Tony X even got invited to the 2016 NHL Awards, but didn't show up.
Costas found a way to make the smooth lyrics of Nelly very awkward. That's pretty impressive. The Blues enter 2017 in third place in the Central Division. Meanwhile, the Chicago Blackhawks, their opponent, enter 2017 in first place in the Western Conference. The Winter Classic is on Jan. 2 today because the NHL had its Centennial Classic on New Year's Day.
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
By Whinsley Masara
The Minister of Health and Child Care, Dr David Parirenyatwa on Friday said investigations into the cause of the accident which killed 21 health workers in Tsholotsho last Saturday were underway.
He visited the hospitalised patients at Mpilo Central Hospital and United Bulawayo Hospitals.A total of 21 members of the Ministry of Health and Child Care's malaria control team died while 48 were injured when the driver of the truck they were travelling in failed to negotiate a curve resulting in the vehicle overturning and rolling several times.
Minister Parirenyatwa said: “We are told that there were arguments with the driver which is why we have ordered a full enquiry into exactly what happened. We heard he would travel at 20km, at one stage 10km per hour and then suddenly speed up.
“So we need to go into those details and I am glad that the province has instituted this particular inquiry to see exactly what happened so that it teaches us for the future. We are very disheartened by this tragic incident,” he said.
Minister Parirenyatwa said his ministry would look into the systems of deployment of the malaria control team.
He applauded staff at Mpilo Central Hospital for their efficiency and professionalism in attending to the injured people.
He also commended the Matabeleland North Provincial Medical Director Dr Nyasha Masuka and the nursing staff at Mpilo Central Hospital for “the pleasing work” they had done.Minister Parirenyatwa said they had engaged experts from Ingutsheni Hospital in Bulawayo to counsel the survivors as well as some people close to the victims. The Chronicle
Not Just Character: Genetics Play a Role in Empathy
Genetics plays a role in people's empathy -- in addition to education and experience -- and could help researchers and doctors better understand autism, according to a large study.
For the first time, researchers investigated the genetic architecture of empathy using genome-wide association studies, according to results published Monday in the journal Translational Psychiatry.
"Finding that even a fraction of why we differ in empathy is due to genetic factors helps us understand people, such as those with autism, who struggle to imagine another person's thoughts and feelings," Simon Baron-Cohen, director of the Autism Research Center at the University of Cambridge in England said in a press release. "This empathy difficulty can give rise to a disability that is no less challenging than other kinds of disability. We as a society need to support those with disabilities, with novel teaching methods, work-arounds or reasonable adjustments, to promote inclusion."
Empathy, which plays a key role in human relationships, has two parts: First, recognizing another person's thoughts and feelings, called cognitive empathy; and second, responding with an appropriate emotion called affective empathy.
Fifteen years ago, University of Cambridge scientists developed the Empathy Quotient, or EQ, a brief self-reported measure of empathy. The scientists found autistic people have more difficulties with cognitive empathy, despite intact affective empathy. Women, on average, are slightly more empathetic than men.
Researchers at the University of Cambridge, the Pasteur Institute in Paris, Diderot University in Paris, the French National Center for Scientific Research and the genetics company 23andMe conducted the largest genetics study of empathy using information from more than 46,000 23andMe customers. Participants completed the 60-question EQ online and provided a saliva sample for genetic analysis.
Only participants who were primarily of European ancestry were selected for the analysis.
They found at least 10 percent of the variation associated with genetic factors.
"This is an important step towards understanding the role that genetics plays in empathy," said Varun Warrier, a doctoral student at Cambridge. "But since only a 10th of the variation in the degree of empathy between individuals is down to genetics, it is equally important to understand the non-genetic factors."
Like the study 15 years ago, researchers found women are, on average, more empathetic than men. But they found this variation is not a result of DNA because no differences were observed in the genes that contribute to empathy in men and women. They said other factors may include socialization or prenatal hormone influences.
The scientists also confirmed that genetic variants associated with lower empathy are also associated with higher risk for autism.
"These results offer a fascinating new perspective on the genetic influences that underpin empathy," said Dr. Thomas Bourgeron, who directs the Human Genetics and Cognitive Functions Unit at the Pasteur Institute. "Each specific gene plays a small role and this makes it difficult to identify them. The next step is to study an even larger number of people, to replicate these findings and to pinpoint the biological pathways associated with individual differences in empathy."
© 2018 UPI Health News (Business) under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Read more on: Health, Genetics, DNA, Genes, Evolution, Autism
Ambode supports SMEs with N1 billion
• Repayment complaint has been about 95 per cent
Over 1430 business owners got about N925 million yesterday from the Lagos State Government through the Lagos State Employment Trust Fund (LSETF) to grow their businesses.
Speaking at the cheque presentation yesterday, Governor Akinwunmi Ambode charged that board of the LSETF to ensure that about 20,000 businesses got a loan by the end of 2017.
Ambode, represented by the Commissioner for Wealth Creation and Employment, Mr Babatunde Durosinmi-Etti, said with the new disbursement, about 4000 businesses have benefited about N3.5 billion so far from the trust fund.
Providing a background to the new disbursement, Ambode said in January the implementation of the Employment Trust Fund programme commenced with the presentation of cheques in the sum of 900 million naira to 705 beneficiaries. “At that event, I emphasised the need for beneficiaries to ensure prompt repayment as this is the only way we can ensure that this programme is sustained and expanded. I am glad to note from the report of the Board that most of the beneficiaries including those whose applications have been approved on a monthly basis have started repaying their loans, expanding their businesses and creating jobs.”
An elated Ambode said one of the success stories of the programme is the achievement of one of the first set of beneficiaries, a company called Jand2Gidi, run by two young women, who invested their loan in buying motorcycles for their delivery men, and hired people to operate those motorcycles.
“Not only are they repaying their loan, they have also created at least 10 direct jobs for Lagos residents, thereby increasing the economic activity across the State. We eagerly expect to celebrate many more success stories like this.”
“My charge to the Board today is that we increase the pace of work, and ensure that by the end of 2017, at least 20,000 businesses would have benefited from the loan program. I am very confident that this is achievable, as we remain committed towards fulfilling the promise to support at least one hundred thousand (100,000) micro, small and medium enterprises by 2019.”
The governor however encouraged the new beneficiaries and potential beneficiaries to emulate those who are repaying their loans, thereby ensuring the success of the programme.
“It is only when you pay your loans back, and grow your businesses, that we can truly celebrate the success of this program. Your success is our success, and together we will grow Lagos State's economy and create jobs for our residents.
“This initiative is another example of taxpayers' money working for the people. I cannot thank enough all tax paying citizens for providing the resources from which the State government contributes 6.25billion naira tranches annually to the 25billion naira Employment Trust Fund. I urge everyone with existing business or desirous of starting one to take advantage of this opportunity. The process of assessing and selecting beneficiaries will continue to be transparent and meet globally acceptable standards.”
The Executive Secretary of the LSETF, Akin Oyebode Jr said that his agency is happy that 95 percent of the beneficiaries are complying with repayment plan.
One of the beneficiaries, Mr James Odia, who trades in computer and appliances, thanked the governor for coming up with the programme. He said the N5million loan, which he is expected to repay within three years, would be a good shock absorber for his business that is experiencing a down turn due to forex issues and economic recession.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A recently released report shows how SpaceWorks' proposed “torpor habitat” could cut the size and power of the spacecraft needed for a manned mission to Mars by 55 percent; onboard consumables could be cut by 70 percent. And rather than slowly going stir-crazy in a cramped capsule, the astronauts — and possibly Mars colonists — could dream away the months.
“I haven't seen any other single technology that can have this much of an impact, short of some exotic propulsion system like an antimatter drive,” Bradford says. “This is in a league of its own.”
Rip van Winkle to Mars
Despite its sci-fi aura, SpaceWorks' plan has real-world precedent. Hospitals around the world routinely use a technique called therapeutic hypothermia, in which ice packs, nasal coolants, and related tools drastically reduce a patient's body temperature. The goal is to slow metabolic processes and curb the tissue damage that occurs in the aftermath of cardiac arrest or traumatic brain injury. The patient enters the same kind of torpor that SpaceWorks envisions for astronauts.
But there are some catches.
Dr. Douglas Talk, a California physician and SpaceWorks consultant, notes that therapeutic hypothermia patients shiver as their bodies try to warm up. Keeping astronauts in extended torpor, he says, will require drugs to prevent shivering (which could bring them out of stasis) as well as continuous medical monitoring.
There are also unresolved questions about how long astronauts can remain knocked out without risking physical or mental harm. In hospitals, therapeutic hypothermia is used for no more than 72 hours. Researchers are only beginning to explore what happens after that.
“Small studies show that healthy humans can stay in stasis for up to two weeks with no significant adverse effects,” Talk says. “There's no reason to believe the limit can't be extended.”
James Rodriguez Was Depressed After Leaving Real Madrid – Juup Heynckes
Bayern Munich boss Jupp Heynckes has revealed that James Rodriguez “was a little depressed” when leaving Real Madrid last summer.
James Rodriguez fell out of favour at the Bernabeu last season, making just 13 league starts and being allowed to leave for Bayern on an initial two-year loan.
Following a slow start to life at the Allianz Arena, James has looked a much more complete player since Heynckes replaced Carlo Ancelotti in early October, playing a direct part in 17 goals.
Ahead of Wednesday's Champions League semi-final first-leg clash between Bayern and Madrid in Bavaria, Heynckes told reporters: “He was a little depressed. I took care of him, I had lots of talks with him, and step by step he found confidence.
“He was a little depressed,” Heynckes told reporters at his pre-match news conference.
“I took care of him, I had lots of talks with him, and step by step he found confidence. He is more relaxed within the team.
“Our fans here, when they see him play football, they enjoy it. Above all he is a player who has fantasy, has an overview.
“He is more open-minded and gives the impression he feels well and has settled in Munich. I think this is most fundamental.
“He has been learning German, but as you know with Spanish speaking players it is difficult for them to learn. But I can speak with him.”
The post James Rodriguez Was Depressed After Leaving Real Madrid – Juup Heynckes appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OMNISPORT
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang missed a penalty in a nightmare outing as Kostas Mitroglou's opportunistic strike gave Benfica a 1-0 victory over Borussia Dortmund in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie.
The usually dependable Aubameyang spurned three excellent chances to get Dortmund an away goal at the Estadio da Luz and was withdrawn by coach Thomas Tuchel after 62 minutes, with Benfica holding on to gain the upper hand.
Dortmund started positively but Aubameyang was unable to finish a one-on-one chance in the early exchanges, to set the tone for his dismal game.
Rui Vitoria's side took the lead when Mitroglou converted off a header from Luisao - the 36-year-old captain marking his 500th Benfica appearance with an assist.
After missing a great chance to draw level, Aubameyang looked certain to score when referee Nicola Rizzoli awarded Dortmund a penalty for handball by Ljubomir Fejsa.
However, the striker's weak penalty was kept out by the brilliant Ederson, and Benfica withstood late pressure following Aubameyang's withdrawal to ensure they take an advantage to Signal Iduna Park on March 8.
Dortmund scored a Champions League record 21 goals in the group stage and they first bared their teeth in the 10th minute.
Ousmane Dembele won possession in the opposition half and slid an excellent pass to put Aubameyang one-on-one with Ederson, but he could only fire over from 12 yards.
Dortmund used their control of the ball to slow the tempo after a frantic start and their high pressing continued to cause Benfica problems, Victor Lindelof colliding with Ederson when blocking another Dembele effort.
The hosts had to soak up plenty of pressure but Fejsa almost undid their good work when he failed to shepherd the ball out under pressure from Raphael Guerreiro, who stole in to roll a pass across the face of a vacant goal and agonisingly out of Aubameyang's reach.
Tuchel was furious his side were not awarded at least a free-kick when Dembele was clattered by Ederson on the edge of the area and Rizzoli saw no foul.
The hosts went ahead three minutes after the restart when Mitroglou stuck out a leg to stop Luisao's header from reaching the diving Roman Burki, before slotting into the gaping net.
https://twitter.com/Squawka/status/831629759159345152
Luisao's game by numbers vs Dortmund:
9 clearances
4 aerial duels won
4 interceptions
3 tackles won
1 assist
His 500th game for Benfica. 💪 pic.twitter.com/Ea2pYKOSKo — Squawka Football (@Squawka) February 14, 2017
Aubameyang wasted another glorious opening when he swiped over five minutes later, while Ederson produced great stops from Marco Reus and Lukasz Piszczek before the Gabon captain's outing took another turn for the worse.
Fejsa handled inside the area to concede a penalty, but Aubameyang was unable to take advantage as his poor effort straight down the middle was batted away by a squatting Ederson and Tuchel quickly hooked him for Andre Schurrle.
Dortmund pressed for an equaliser but saw Piszczek head wide before Ederson capped a sensational display by clawing Christian Pulisic's deflected volley out of the top corner, leaving Benfica fans dreaming of a Champions League quarter-final at the Estadio da Luz for the second successive season.
Will she discover Jesse's been leading her on?
Goldie McQueen returns to Hollyoaks next week when she's released from prison, and walks straight back into drama when her relationship with Jesse Donovan looks set to blow up in her face, and the McQueen home literally blows up when a fire breaks out.
Advertisement
The loudmouth lady with a love of leopard print has been doing time having taken the blame for son Prince's robbery last year, and on/off lover Jesse has been stringing her along that they're an item – while playing happy families on the outside with Courtney Campbell and her baby daughter Iona.
Prince and twin brother Hunter are pleased to see their mouthy mum, while Jesse's nervous his two-timing will be exposed when gobby Goldie plans to officially announce their relationship at a party in the Dog.
Jesse decides to let Goldie down gently and hopes Courtney won't catch on, but when he finds her upset outside the pub can he bring himself to break her heart?
Later in the week, a fire breaks out at the McQueens, but is it an accident or arson? And are any of the clan inside the building when it begins to burn? Is Goldie's homecoming set to be cut tragically short?
Hollyoaks continues weeknights on E4 at 7pm and on Channel 4 at 6.30pm.
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Hollyoaks page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
DOWNLOAD MATCH HIGHLIGHTS: Liverpool Vs Roma 5-2 UCL Semi Finals 24th April 2018
DOWNLOAD MATCH HIGHLIGHTS: Liverpool Vs Roma 5-2 UCL Semi Finals 24th April 2018 Salah Goal Watch & Download Liverpool vs Roma Highlights Semi Finals Start date 24. Apr 2018, 19:45 Referee Felix Brych, Germany Avg. cards 0.08 4.37 Location Liverpool, England Venue Anfield Champions League Semi-final ﻿
The post DOWNLOAD MATCH HIGHLIGHTS: Liverpool Vs Roma 5-2 UCL Semi Finals 24th April 2018 appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
LONDON — British police declared a “major incident” early Wednesday after two people were left critically ill following their suspected exposure to an “unknown substance" just a few miles from the scene of a nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter.
Emergency officials found a man and a woman — both aged in their 40s — unconscious at a property in Amesbury, England, on Saturday.
“It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after using possibly heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement. “However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident.”
Public Health England's @PHE_uk advice is currently: "Based upon the number of casualties affected, is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public. This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known." — Wiltshire Police (@wiltshirepolice) July 4, 2018
The force added that the pair "might have been exposed to an unknown substance."
Amesbury is seven miles from the town of Salisbury, where former double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter were poisoned with military-grade nerve agent Novichok in March. The British government pinned the attack on the Russian state.
A police officer stands outside Amesbury Baptist Church in Amesbury, Wiltshire. Rod Minchin / PA/AP
Police emphasized that it was unclear whether a crime had been committed in the latest case.
However, several locations frequented by the couple around Amesbury and Salisbury were cordoned off as a "precautionary measure." They included a Baptist church.
Amesbury is located around five miles from Stonehenge, the prehistoric monument visited by more than a million people annually.
Salisbury District Hospital, where the pair are receiving treatment and the Skripals were patients in the aftermath of the March attack, remained open as normal on Wednesday.
DETROIT — An autopsy revealed that remnants of a stun gun were in the hair of a 15-year-old boy who crashed an all-terrain vehicle and died after a Michigan state trooper fired a Taser.
The Detroit Free Press quotes the autopsy report as saying “leads” from an “electrical weapon” were found in the hair on the back of Damon Grimes' head and lower back.
The teen died from multiple blunt injuries in the Aug. 26 crash in Detroit. Trooper Mark Bessner has resigned, and a criminal investigation is being conducted.
Bessner's lawyer says he made a split-second decision to use a Taser when Damon refused to stop. The teen's family has filed a $50 million lawsuit.
Since the teen's death, state police no longer conduct high-speed chases in Detroit unless they're investigating a major crime.
——
Information from: Detroit Free Press, http://www.freep.com
Summer's not over yet! There's still plenty of time to get outdoors and enjoy. And wherever your summer plans take you, whether that's camping, biking, or hitting the open road, we've got the latest tech gadgets to help you get the most out of the sunny season.
The first time you jump or get pushed into a pool or lake with your phone in your pocket, you'll be glad it was LG's G6 smartphone, which can survive an accidental dunk in the pool for up to 30 minutes.
Waterproof Phone
You may not think of a smartphone as being made for summer but the first time you jump or get pushed into a pool or lake with your phone in your pocket, you'll be glad it was LG's G6 smartphone. LG's newest flagship phone can survive an accidental dunk in the pool for up to 30 minutes — so a soggy smartphone won't stop your vacation. The G6 is great for taking vacation photos, thanks to the two cameras on the back. One is a standard 13-megapixel lens and the other is wide angle for taking better scenery shots. The 5.7-inch screen has a super thin bezel which means you get a large, crisp display with clear images; great for editing photos or watching videos. And if you enjoy your wired earbuds for listening to those videos or music, the G6 still has a headphone jack.
Waterproof Case
If your phone isn't already waterproof, you'll want to get a waterproof case to protect it from accidental encounters with water. Be warned that the truly waterproof cases will add some bulk to your phone, but they are a necessity. The Lifeproof Fre line offers one of the slimmest profiles and protects from dust and dirt. If you just want a really rugged protective case that's not too bulky and heavy, check out the new OtterBox Pursuit Series. It has dual-purpose foam to seal every edge of the case, and keeps dirt and dust out of the ports.
Waterproof Music
Whether you're camping, hiking, or lounging by the lake, you'll want to bring along some tunes. Monster's Firecracker HD Bluetooth speaker is small and portable, with two full-range drivers and a built-in super bright flashlight for finding your way when the sun goes down. It will still be playing after dark thanks to 25-hour battery life, a USB port so you can charge your phone, and a splash resistant exterior. It comes in four colors and has a built-in carabiner clip for attaching to a backpack or camping gear.
Taking selfies with your smartphone is so last summer. This year, all the cool kids are using the AirSelfie, a pocket-sized drone you control with your smartphone.
​Selfie Drone
Taking selfies with your smartphone is so last summer. This summer the cool kids are using the AirSelfie, a pocket-sized drone you control with your smartphone. Launch it into the air, adjust the height on your phone, hover and say cheese. You get three minutes of flying time per charge but an optional rechargeable portable power bank lets you power up multiple times in the field. The AirSelfie has a 5-megapixel HD camera and 4 GB of photo and video storage built in so you can document every moment of your vacation from a birds-eye perspective.
Smart Jumper Cables
Friends don't let friends drive without portable jumper cables. With Cobra's JumPack XL H20 you won't need to spend your vacation day waiting for AAA to come give you a boost. This handheld gadget can jump start V8 gas and diesel engines multiple times before needing to be recharged. It has two USB ports to power up your smartphone and a built-in flashlight with SOS and strobe modes in case of emergency. If opening the hood and attaching the jumper cables is too intimidating for you, the XL can also charge the car right through the 12-volt port so you can stay safe and warm inside.
Wireless Charging
You'll likely be using Waze or Google Maps if you're headed to unfamiliar territory, so stay safe and keep your hands on the wheel with Ventev's Magdock 360. It's a magnet mount (magnet for your phone case included) that clips into the car's air vent so you can rotate and position your phone for the best angle and view. Newer phones with wireless charging capabilities can use the wireless pro dock, which will charge the phone while you're driving.
Venture coolers are the perfect companion for every camping trip, whether it is for a night, weekend or week-long time away. OtterBox
Premium Cooler
Hitting the open road? Never run low on cold drinks with the OtterBox Venture Cooler. The company known for ultra-durable phone cases has put that techno design into a premium, rugged cooler that will keep ice for up to two weeks. It's also certified bear-resistant — which is very helpful when you're camping! The coolers come in 25, 45, or 65-quart sizes that you can customize with optional accessories like cup holders, cutting boards and side tables, depending on your vacation location and needs. OtterBox also has new copper-lined stainless-steel tumblers to keep that beverage at just the right temperature.
Portable Power
For powering your electronics on the go, the myCharge AdventureUltra is a portable charging hub and inverter with enough power to replace a small generator when you're out camping. It delivers up to 45 watts of power and has an AC power output so you can plug in a small TV, portable fan, or a lantern. There are two USB-A and one USB-C port so you can charge up all your devices; phones, tablets, even laptops.
If you're nowhere near an AC output, get a boost from the sun. Goal Zero's Nomad 7 Plus is a thin and weatherproof solar panel that charges USB devices directly from the sun. An LED solar intensity indicator shows you how much power you're getting and a detachable kickstand helps keep the panel at the perfect angle for charging. For even more power when you're off grid, Goal Zero's Flip 30 can recharge a phone three times and then be fully recharged from the solar panel.
Smart Cycling Helmet
There's a safe way for bike riders to listen to music and use voice apps on their phone while riding: Unlike headphones or earbuds, which can block out the sound of traffic, the Coros LINX Smart Cycling Helmet uses open-ear bone conduction technology, built into the helmet straps, to deliver great audio sound while also allowing riders to hear their surroundings as well as any potential dangers. Riders can make voice calls; the protective helmet has a wind-resistant microphone, or listen to music and voice-guided directions from their phone.
For runners, AfterShokz Trekz Titanium headphones use the same bone-conducting technology to let you pound the pavement while also being aware of your surroundings.
Eyes on the House
Leaving for a summer getaway doesn't mean you can't keep an eye on things at home. Blink's Home Security Camera System makes it easy to check on things both inside and outside the house with its small, wireless HD video cameras. They record on motion and send alerts to your smartphone when movement is detected — and there are no monthly subscription fees or data storage charges. Blink XT is weatherproof and has a battery that will last about two years. Mount it outside to make sure your deliveries arrived safely and that the dog walker showed up on time.
Keeping the Lawn Green
Summer drought restrictions in your area? This gadget can help you save water and give you a fabulous-looking lawn and garden. Rain Bird's Smart Irrigation Wi-Fi Timer works with your in-ground sprinkler system letting you control everything from an app on your phone. Set a schedule and change the frequency of watering for specific zones easily, whether you're home or away on vacation. Automatic Seasonal Adjust changes the watering schedule based on the local weather so you won't be watering in the rain.
ORLANDO, Fla. — American soccer players do not want fly over 8,000 miles to Malaysia next month for a playoff against Syria or make a 7,000-mile-plus journey for a match in Australia.
After getting just one point in two September qualifiers, a loss to Panama on Friday night would have left the U.S. with one more chance to reach next year's World Cup: by winning a playoff against the fifth-place nation in Asia. And the Americans weren't even assured of that.
“We still knew that everything was in our hands. It still is,” defender Matt Besler said after Friday night's 4-0 rout of the Panamanians lifted the United States back into third place — the last automatic berth in the North and Central American and Caribbean region.
The Americans have overcome an 0-2 start and head into their final game of the hexagonal on Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago with 12 points, two ahead of Panama and three ahead of Honduras, which plays Saturday at Costa Rica.
A win would put the U.S. in its eighth straight World Cup as long as Honduras does not defeat the Ticos and Mexico while overcoming its goal difference against the U.S., currently 12.
A draw at Trinidad would be sufficient unless Honduras wins its last two matches and Panama does not beat Costa Rica by eight goals (or seven if Panama somehow overcomes its deficit in total goals vs. the U.S., currently nine).
Retired goalkeeper Kasey Keller, now an ESPN analyst, said the reality of the situation hit the Americans after the 2-0 loss to Costa Rica in New Jersey and the 1-1 draw at Honduras.
“Oh, boy. We don't have any time. We have to put it right,” Keller said of the thought process. “So much of the rhetoric before the game was there had to be a start to this match that kind of emphasized the poor results from September, and I think you saw that. You needed stars to show up, and the U.S.'s biggest star showed up and scored the first, created the second.”
Christian Pulisic, the 19-year-old from Hershey, Pennsylvania, who is a rising star with Germany's Borussia Dortmund, helped energize the U.S. when he was shifted to central midfield from the flanks. He scored with a brilliant touch in the eighth minute and passed to Jozy Altidore, who doubled the lead in the 19th.Altidore converted a penalty kick in the 43rd and Bobby Wood got the final goal in the 63rd.
“It was exactly what I expected,” U.S. captain Michael Bradley said, “and now we've got to make sure that in a few days' time were ready to go to Trinidad and after 15 games of qualifying make sure that we finish things off in the right way.”
A playoff against Syria would raise the issue of whether President Donald Trump's administration would allow opposing players to enter the U.S. for the first leg. Syria is among the nations in the administration's current travel ban. A playoff against either team would include wearying travel, especially for American players based in Europe who would return home for the first leg, travel to Malaysia or Australia for the second, then return to Europe for matches with their clubs.
But if the Americans clinch, next month's games likely would be a pair of exhibitions in Europe.
In the days leading up to the Panama match, American players spoke with seriousness. After the big win, they could admit the burden they had felt.
“Of course there was pressure,” Besler said. “We all felt it and felt a big responsibility for the team and for our country.”
LONDON — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
——
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Jim Harris has been WYSH's News & Sports Director since 2000. In addition to reporting local news, he is the play-by-play voice for Clinton High School football, boys' and girls' basketball and baseball. Catch Jim live weekdays beginning at 6:20 am for live local news, sports, weather and traffic plus the Community Bulletin Board, shenanigans with Ron Meredith and more on the Country Club Morning Show on WYSH & WQLA. Jim lives in Clinton with his wife Kelly and daughter Carolina, his mother-in-law and cats Lucius and Oliver.
Former England manager sacked by Chinese club
Former England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson was shown the door at China's second-tier Shenzhen FC on Wednesday after a run of poor results.
The club hailed Eriksson despite parting ways with the much-travelled Swede, who leaves with the team fourth in China League One.
Shenzhen said it had “cooperated with Mr. Eriksson with joy and we also admire his elegance and grace”. The 69-year-old is leaving after a “friendly discussion”, it said.
“We also thank him for the positive change he has brought for the team and the international football theory he has injected,” a club statement said.
Eriksson joined Shenzhen in December after departing Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG, despite leading them to a third-place finish last year.
Shenzhen haven't won a game since mid-April, a run that leaves them unsure of winning promotion to the Super League as one of the top two teams.
Eriksson also had a successful stint with China's top-tier Guangzhou R&F, but he is best known as coach of England from 2001 to 2006.
He went on to manage Manchester City and Leicester City and has also coached in Italy, Portugal and at home in Sweden, as well as stints with the Ivory Coast and Mexico.
Chinese football has a reputation for abrupt managerial departures, and six Super League coaches left in a matter of weeks up to early June.
Former China striker Wang Baoshan takes over as Shenzhen's coach.
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Headlines and Opinions – The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Toshiba, a fixture of Japan Inc. for more than a century, is in big trouble — to the tune of $6.3 billion. The company announced that whopping loss after the market closed in Tokyo today, and that may not be the worst yet. Some news reports say Toshiba might not survive in its current form. It is, as they say, complicated. But at the center of this is Toshiba's big bet that turned sour on nuclear energy in the U.S.
California Governor Signs Sanctuary State Bill In Rebuke To Trump Or Something
When this passed the California General Assembly, it was pretty much a foregone conclusion that Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown would sign it. Many outlets, particularly in Brokeifornia, are attempting to make the link that this is about being a rebuke towards Trump, a defiance. That would rather mean that it isn't about supporting illegal aliens, right, just about being oppositional for the sake of being oppositional
California becomes ‘sanctuary state' in rebuke of Trump immigration policy Under threat of possible retaliation by the Trump administration, Gov. Jerry Brown signed landmark “sanctuary state” legislation Thursday, vastly limiting who state and local law enforcement agencies can hold, question and transfer at the request of federal immigration authorities. Senate Bill 54, which takes effect in January, has been blasted as “unconscionable” by U.S. Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions, becoming the focus of a national debate over how far states and cities can go to prevent their officers from enforcing federal immigration laws. Supporters have hailed it as part of a broader effort by majority Democrats in the California Legislature to shield more than 2.3 million immigrants living illegally in the state. Brown took the unusual step of writing a signing message in support of SB 54. He called the legislation a balanced measure that would allow police and sheriff's agencies to continue targeting dangerous criminals, while protecting hardworking families without legal residency in the country. “In enshrining these new protections, it is important to note what the bill does not do,” Brown wrote. “This bill does not prevent or prohibit Immigration and Customs Enforcement or the Department of Homeland Security from doing their own work in any way.”
That last part seams to be an attempt to head off the retaliation sure to come from the Department Of Justice over a state declaring that they will refuse to enforce federal laws in full, just the ones they like, and that the state will, for the most part, refuse to cooperate with federal officials when it comes to people who are unlawfully present in the United States.
Legal experts have said federal officials may try to block the law in court to keep it from being implemented. Some doubt such challenges would be successful, pointing to the 10th Amendment and previous rulings in which courts have found the federal government can't compel local authorities to enforce federal laws.
Suddenly, Liberals care about the 10th Amendment. If they truly believe this, then this means that states do not need to follow federal guidance and laws on things like transgenders and gay marriage, right? That they do not need to follow the Environmental Protection Act, right? Or laws on ‘climate change', right? Or a raft of gun laws, right? Choose wisely, Liberals. Who also bleated that the Arizona law on illegal aliens violate federal law. Can't have it both ways.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
It's not a rebuke of Trump: it's a rebuke of duly passed federal law which Trump is enforcing, law for which the federal government was given the task of dealing with any and all immigration by the Constitution. Regardless, this being Trump, you can expect him to deploy tons of ICE agents to California to pick illegals up in all the places liberals complain about, like at court. Or, he could simply discuss this in a way that will get as many illegals as possible to stream to California, further destroying the infrastructure and tax base.
In the North State area of California, though, they are in opposition to this legislation
A handful of North State counties and cities passed declarations earlier this year saying they'd help federal immigration officials nab undocumented immigrants who ended up in jail, but now's the time to see how that really plays out. As of Thursday, those anti-sanctuary jurisdictions are operating inside an official “sanctuary state.” (snip) The first to introduce the idea of an anti-sanctuary resolution, Tehama County Supervisor Bob Williams, said Thursday that the new law is “little more than another piece of ‘Resist Trump' legislation that seems to be in fashion in Sacramento these days.”
Pretty much
“Instead of federal immigration sending two officers in one car to the jail to pick up and deport the offender, they may instead send a group of officers, dressed in full gear, to the last known address of the offender, to arrest and deport every undocumented individual in that household,” he said.
AG Sessions would be up for this
“This law will cause the further release of criminals such as repeat drunk drivers, thieves, gang members and more from the jail here and jails throughout California,” Shasta County Sheriff Tom Bosenko said in a statement Thursday. “These are criminals who are illegal undocumented persons victimizing our citizens.”
California Dems do not care. They have some resisting to do. And they'll Blamestorm others when this policy creates more problems for citizens.
Crossed at Pirate's Cove. Follow me on Twitter @WilliamTeach.
Why it matters to you A European setting, with its older architecture, could offer a unique experience in Watch Dogs 3.
Nearly three months after the game's launch last year, Watch Dogs 2 has received a major content update that tweaks everything from multiplayer settings to the game's combat, and another narrative-based addition has our minds racing about a potential Watch Dogs 3.
Spoilers for Watch Dogs 2 below!
“Without spoiling all of the fun in the patch notes, we'll just say that if you've finished the story, you should replay the last mission to watch a little extra something at the end,” Ubisoft said in the announcement.
Upon completing the Watch Dogs 2 campaign and taking down the manipulative Blume CTO Dušan Nemec, players are greeted with a cut scene starring the familiar distorted-vocals of the DedSec member who appears throughout the rest of the game.
“We have demonstrated [Blume's] weaknesses, both human and technological,” the spokesperson says in the video. “With great power comes great vulnerability.”
More: Ubisoft offers free trial of Watch Dogs 2 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One owners
Following the end of the speech, we hear a conversation that wasn't included in the game before. Two people discuss if DedSec's mission has really “gone global,” and it's mentioned that cells have been spotted in the Middle East, South America, and Europe. That last one is the most important, as it seems to relate directly to the conversation's WAV file name — eagle-eyed fans have discovered that “51.462014, -0.112504” is actually a set of coordinates for Brixton in London.
Given that both Watch Dogs and Watch Dogs 2 have taken place in the United States thus far, it seems like the logical next step is for the series to go international. London is, of course, no stranger to crime stories, with director Guy Ritchie making it a staple of his films and Sony using it for the game The Getaway and its sequel.
In addition to the story hints, the content update also adds more locations to the world map, new emotes, and several balance changes for competitive multiplayer. If your friends own future downloadable content but you do not, you'll still be able to play by having them invite you to their play session.
HOUSTON - Tuesday night students at Texas A&M University will hold a remembrance ceremony to honor former first lady Barbara Bush.
People are expected to gather at the fountain plaza in front of the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum at 8 p.m.
Barbara Bush was laid to rest behind the library on Saturday. People have made their way from all over to pay their respects to the former first lady.
"Barbara Bush is a huge icon here and she just left a lasting impact to A&M and students and for education and so we thought it was really important to pay our respects to such a wonderful lady and our country,” said Anna Ferraro, a senior at Texas A&M.
It is free to see the grave site until 8 p.m. Tuesday. The library is also accepting children's book donations in honor of Bush's passion for literacy.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
How did Cambridge Analytica get 50 million people's data?
With a little outside help. To understand the story, we need to rewind to 2014 when Aleksandr Kogan -- a psychology researcher at Cambridge University -- created a Facebook app called "thisisyourdigitallife" with a personality test that spit out some kind of personal prediction at the end. To build credibility, the app was originally labeled a "research app used by psychologists," but that was only part of the truth -- as it turned out, Cambridge Analytica covered more than $800,000 of Kogan's app development costs. (Kogan also got to keep a copy of the resulting data for his trouble.) Some US Facebook users took the personality test as a result of ads on services like Amazon's Mechanical Turk and were paid for their efforts, but it's unclear how many chose to take the test on their own.
All told, some 270,000 US users took the test, but CA obviously walked away with data on many more people than that. That's thanks to a very specific Facebook peculiarity.
If you have a Facebook account, you've almost certainly used Facebook Login before -- it lets you create an account with a third-party app or service (or log into an existing account) with your Facebook credentials. It's incredibly convenient, but by using Facebook Login, you're tacitly giving developers of Facebook apps access to certain kinds of information about yourself -- email address and public profile data, for instance, are available to developers by default.
In 2014, however, using Facebook Login didn't just mean you were offering up your own data -- some data about the people in your social network was up for grabs too. (Facebook later deprecated the API that let this happen because, well, it's just creepy.) Those thousands of people who logged in to Kogan's app and took the test might have gotten the personality predictions they were looking for, but they paid for them with information about their friends and loved ones. Whether those results were ultimately valuable is another story. Kogan himself later said in an email to Cambridge coworkers (recently obtained by CNN) that he had provided "predicted personality scores" of 30 million American users to CA's parent company, but the results were "6 times more likely to get all 5 of a person's personality traits wrong as it was to get them all correct."
Was this really a data breach?
For better or worse, no. Facebook's official line is that calling this a breach is "completely false," since the people who signed up for Kogan's app did so willingly. As a result, that the information gained through those app logins was obtained within the scope of Facebook's guidelines. In other words, despite how shady all of this seems, the system worked exactly the way it was supposed to. The breakdown happened later when Kogan broke Facebook's rules and provided that information to Cambridge Analytica.
What has Facebook done about all this?
When all of this went down, very little -- in public, anyway. In a statement in its online newsroom, Facebook admits that it learned about Kogan and Cambridge Analytica's "violation" in 2015 and "demanded certifications from Kogan and all parties he had given data to that the information had been destroyed." As it turns out, some of that personal data might not have been deleted after all -- Facebook says it is "aggressively" trying to determine whether that's true.
More troubling is the fact that, as noted by Guardian reporter Carole Cadwalladr in an interview with CBS, Facebook never contacted any of the users involved. (She also added that Facebook took threatened to sue The Guardian to prevent an exposé from being published, which obviously isn't a good look.) Facebook VR/AR VP Andrew "Boz" Bosworth posted a rough timeline of the events (along with answers to certain FB-centric questions) earlier today, and it seems likely that timeline will remain a point of focus as investigations continue.
Finally, on March 16, a day before many of the biggest Cambridge Analytica stories broke, Facebook suspended accounts belonging to CA and its parent firm. The move is widely read as an attempt on Facebook's part to clean up some of the mess before The Guardian and The New York Times ran their most damning reports. Then, in a somewhat unexpected move, Facebook also disabled Christopher Wylie's account and prevented him from using Whatsapp, the popular messaging app Facebook acquired in 2014. (Consider this a brief reminder of how much of your social world Facebook currently owns.)
Beyond that, some Facebook execs spent the weekend asserting that there was no actual data breach. Meanwhile, CEO Mark Zuckerberg hasn't said anything about the unfolding situation, though we can imagine his silence can't last for too much longer.
So what happens now?
Scrutiny, and lots of it. Now that all of this is out in the open, powerful people are taking an interest. On March 18, Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minnesota) tweeted that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg should testify in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee, adding that "it's clear these platforms can't police themselves." Senator Ron Wyden (D-Oregon) sent a letter (PDF) to Zuckerberg the following day, requesting information like the number of times similar incidents have occurred within the past ten years and whether Facebook has ever notified "individual users about inappropriate collection, retention or subsequent use of their data by third parties."
Facebook breach: This is a major breach that must be investigated. It's clear these platforms can't police themselves. I've called for more transparency & accountability for online political ads. They say "trust us." Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary. — Amy Klobuchar (@amyklobuchar) March 17, 2018
Meanwhile, in the UK, Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix recently told the Parliament's Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee that the company did not collect people's personal information through Facebook without consent. Since Nix lied, Committee chairman Damian Collins has accused the CEO of peddling false statements and has called CA whistleblower Christopher Wylie to offer evidence to parliament. Even more promising, UK Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham confirmed that she is seeking a warrant to access Cambridge Analytica's servers.
BREAKING: Damian Collins, chair of UK parliament's news inquiry, has called Cambridge Analytica whistleblower @chrisinsilico to give evidence next week to parliament. I predict: fireworks. — Carole Cadwalladr (@carolecadwalla) March 19, 2018
And as far as Facebook is concerned, there are few people more powerful than its shareholders. We wouldn't be surprised to see Facebook's financials bounce around for a while, too -- as I write this, the company's share price is down nearly 7 percent, shaving billions of dollars off Facebook's market cap (and eating away at Zuckerberg's net worth.) The entire core of its business is built on a foundation of trust with its users, and incidents like this can do serious damage to that trust.
This is scary -- should I keep using Facebook?
Honestly, you should at least give serious consideration to deleting your account. If you're a Facebook user, then you and all of your Facebooking friends are collectively the single most valuable thing the company has. Its fortunes rise and fall when its user numbers ebb and flow. The old internet adage says "if you're not paying, you're the product," and this is a perfect example of that.
The data we offer Facebook freely is a commodity to be accessed, mashed up, scraped and targeted against. For some, the value of the platform is enough to override the dangers. There's nothing wrong with that, and it's worth taking a few minutes to dig into account's privacy, app and ad settings to limit the amount of data you unknowingly offer to the machine. But there's also nothing wrong with saying enough is enough. None of us will cough up a cent to get bombarded by fake news, inane quizzes and game requests. But that doesn't mean we aren't paying for Facebook.
PALM HARBOR, Fla. (WFLA) – Adam Etheredge, of Palm Harbor, is excited about Monday's eclipse.
“Don't want to miss it,” he said.
On Monday, as the eclipse makes its way from northwest to southeast, Etheredge and his wife will join millions of people with their eyes trained to the sky.
“So, we're actually going to be able to see the moon get right in front of the sun, so it's going to be pretty amazing,” he said.
Etheredge plans to travel to Highlands, North Carolina to get the full effect. The mountain town is in the path of eclipse totality.
To see it, he plans to wear $2 glasses he bought at Lowe's.
“We actually ordered from off Amazon and we had some problems getting our glasses off of Amazon. I heard they cancelled some orders,” said Etheredge.
Doctors are warning that looking directly at the sun, or using unapproved glasses can be a big mistake.
“It can cause total blindness,” said Dr. Trey Mainor of AFC Urgent Care.
“I wouldn't even sneak a peak. No. I would just buy the appropriate safety equipment, even if you're gonna look just for second,” he said.
Got that? Just a quick glimpse can cause lasting eye damage.
“You necessarily will not feel the damage to the eye because the retina does not have pain receptors,” said Dr. Mainor.
To look safely, look for a marking on your glasses, “ISO 12312-12.” That is your assurance that the glasses will block the harmful rays.
“If you put them on right now and look at any light source, you can't see anything,” said Etheredge.
As the reporter on this story, I have an admission to make. Back in 1979, I looked at the eclipse without any sun protection.
In the middle of my right eye, I have a cigar-shaped blind spot.
I knew better, but looked anyway!
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Half a million years ago, something big happened in east Africa.
It was a big enough change to transform the terrain, reshape the landscape and to alter the populations of animals living there.
And it completely transformed the early humans who lived there.
“What we are seeing is the demise of a way of life in early human ancestors that persisted for hundreds of thousands of years,” said paleoanthropologist Rick Potts, who heads the Smithsonian's Human Origins Program.
Before the change, pre-humans such as Homo erectus had lived happily for millennia using crude, heavy stone axes. Afterwards, the early humans living in the area traded for sharp, strong obsidian and made delicate tools and spear heads. They learned to hunt new kinds of animals and they carried around a lot of raw materials for making black and red paint or ink.
A photo of older, more archaic handaxes used by early humans in East Africa, before 320,000 years ago. Human Origins Program / Smithsonian
New studies from Potts and colleagues published Thursday paint a clear picture of a time of total disruption in what is now southwestern Kenya. Not only do they document periods of devastating earthquakes, but climate change that transformed the area from a rich, stable plain to an area ravaged by unpredictable floods, intense thunderstorms and then long droughts.
There's not much evidence of anything between about 500,000 years ago, and 320,000 years ago. But the transformation is sweeping.
Giant ancestors of elephants, zebra and baboon-like apes disappeared, to be replaced by more modern-looking grazers such as antelope and oryx.
The humans who lived there changed — a lot. Big, clumsy stone axes known as Acheulean tools disappear and instead the archeologists found finer, lighter and more varied tools. They're made from materials not found locally, such as obsidian and chert, which indicates they were carried and traded over distances.
For hundreds of thousands of years, people living there made and used large stonecutting tools called handaxes (left). According to three new studies published in Science, early humans in East Africa had--by about 320,000 years ago--begun using color pigments and manufacturing more sophisticated tools (right) than those of the Early Stone Age handaxes. Human Origins Program / Smithsonian
“The large, clunky technology is gone and in its place is a smaller technology, more mobile,” said Potts. “What we are looking at is a real change from the hand ax times. Think of the same technology produced over and over again for hundreds of thousands of years. That's not us. I can barely keep up with the latest version of Windows,” he said.
“The history of technology has been the same ever since, going from large and clunky to small and portable.”
Early humans had to adapt
It's not clear which species of early humans is responsible for the artifacts. Homo erectus and Homo heidelbergensis both lived on the African continent. But Homo sapiens fossils from Morocco date back to 300,000 or so years ago.
“This represents a significant revision in African hominin behavior at or near the time of origin of Homo sapiens,” the teams of scientists wrote in one of the reports published in the journal Science on Thursday.
Whatever species they were, they had to adapt to the climate changes, the natural disasters and the disappearance of the foods they were used to eating; they had to learn how to communicate with other groups of hominids, how to trade information and trade tools and, possibly, food.
“All of these are fundamental aspects of our humanity that are right there at the beginning of our species,” Potts said.
“The history of technology has been the same ever since, going from large and clunky to small and portable.” “The history of technology has been the same ever since, going from large and clunky to small and portable.”
The ancient people used dye.
The team found rocks with streaks of pigment, blocks of iron-rich minerals used to make ochre and other colors, and pretty colored stones carried from afar.
That shows people were thinking beyond the simple needs of survival.
“Color is the root of complex, symbolic behavior in humans,” said Potts. “We use it in clothing, uniforms, flags, tattoos — whatever ways we have of signaling that I am a member of this particular group.”
What were these early Africans doing with the lumps of coloring?
“We don't know what they were applying it to but they almost certainly applying it to something; perhaps their skin or hair,” Pott said. “That is a pretty human characteristic.”
In other words, the early humans who lived in this area were becoming more like modern humans. And it sure looks like the dramatic changes were forcing it.
“All this transition, this transformation of human behavior is occurring at a time of upheaval of the landscape,” Potts said.
A bird's eye view of the Olorgesailie Basin in southern Kenya, which holds an archeological record of early human life spanning more than a million years. This landscape shows a shift in the environment between 500,000 years ago, which marks the last known evidence of the handaxe toolmakers in the Olorgesailie Basin, and the more recent sediments dated 320,000 years and younger, which preserve the Middle Stone Age evidence. Human Origins Program / Smithsonian
It's not news to anyone that human beings adapt and even evolve in the face of change. As the Ice Age glaciers receded, so did Neanderthals, to be replaced by modern Homo sapiens from the Near East and Africa.
What about humans now?
But this change was happening 320,000 years ago. The indications are that trade was taking place 100,000 years earlier than anthropologists have believed.
What do the changes say about humans alive today in a time of climate change?
“We certainly are running an experiment right now where humans are taking what is already a dynamic planet and messing with it,” Potts said.
The findings in Kenya indicate people can likely survive. “I tend to be optimistic in that the adaptability of human beings tends to be pretty astonishing,” Potts said.
But he points to the profound transformation of the hominids of prehistoric Kenya.
“Often what people mean by survival in a modern context means whether their way of life will persist and thrive,” he added. “The moral of this story is that the status quo does not survive.”
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries.
At issue is an airline policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags, unless the extra luggage is “a golf bag containing golf clubs.”
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after his 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral.
Walker says the policy is “absurd” and shows preferential treatment to tourists, as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin.
WestJet says the baggage policy was in place for Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago “due to the amount of access checked baggage brought by guests travelling to these particular destinations.”
The company says it's reviewing the rules related to golf bags, recognizing that “the optics are poor.”
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — If you think your teen may be ready for their first babysitting job, but you want them to have some guidelines — there's a class for that in Tampa Bay.
St. Joseph's Children's Hospital offers Safe Sitter classes. According to the Baycare website, the next one is in September.
For more information on this class, you can click here.
Pediatric Wellness and Safety Expert Deborah Sickmon, explains why this class is helpful on WTTA Great 38.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
(WKRG) — A young boy sitting with Santa is going viral on social media for his silent message to his mom.
Kerry Spencer posted a photo of her little boy sitting with Santa on her twitter, @Swilua. She writes, “We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for ‘help.' You're welcome.”
The photo has received over 6,000 shares and liked more than 24,000.
We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for "help." You're welcome. pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 5, 2017
People tweeted back to Kerry saying her son was ‘mispronouncing' the word. Kerry responded back acknowledging his sign wasn't perfect, but it is the sign he makes when he needed help.
Share your bad Santa photos with us on our WFLA News Channel 8 Facebook page!
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
For several years now Greene Family Lights at 4 Berkar Street in Angus has been a destination for hundreds of people on the hunt for Christmas light displays.
Greg Greene is responsible for this incredibly impressive set up.
When do you think he actually begins putting up lights?
How many extension cords are in this display?
How much does it all impact the Hydro bill?
Listen to Greg explain below…
Poly Student Wins Free Trip To 2018 World Cup Courtesy Diamond Bank And Visa
Vwaire Favour Ajewen has emerged the winner of the first Diamond Bank/Visa ‘Activate and Spend' campaign draw held over the weekend.
The Ozoro Polytechnic, Warri, Delta State student would watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia on an all-expense paid trip courtesy of Visa.
Related: VISA Kicks Off Russia 2018 Campaign On Sports Planet With Fantastic Prizes
Commenting on the emergence of the winner, Head, Corporate Communications, Diamond Bank Plc, Chioma Afe, stated, “We are delighted to be rewarding a loyal customer with the prize, courtesy of Visa. This is truly exciting as it demonstrates the benefits of using our services. Not only are Diamond Bank services convenient and secure, customers stand a chance of winning by simply transacting with us”.
The Activate and Spend campaign is open to all Visa cardholders and it provides them an opportunity to watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup live in Russia. They stand a chance to win the grand prize in the draws, by simply paying for at least three transactions worth a minimum of N1,000 each with their Diamond Bank Visa debit or credit cards before 25 April 2018.
The post Poly Student Wins Free Trip To 2018 World Cup Courtesy Diamond Bank And Visa appeared first on Complete Sports Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Complete Sports Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
VERSAILLES – Versailles swept Ansonia in a softball doubleheader on Saturday in Versailles, winning 11-1 and 17-3 in a pair of five-inning run rules.
In the first game Versailles took a 2-0 lead in the first inning. After Ansonia scored its lone run in the top half of the second inning, Versailles responded with two runs in the second, six in the fourth and one in the fifth.
Versailles had 16 hits and one error while Ansonia had one hit and no errors.
Versailles' Anna Gehret was 2-for-3 with a home run, a run and three RBI. Hailey McEldowney was 2-for-3 with a triple, a walk, a run and two RBI. Caitlin McEldowney was 2-for-3 with a home run, a RBI and a run. Kami McEldowney went 2-for-4 with a home run, a RBI and a run.
Kate Stammen was 2-for-3 with a double, was hit by a pitch and scored a run. Brynna Blakeley was 2-for-3, stole three bases and scored three runs. Sarah Gigandet was 2-for-3 and scored a run. Sarah Kremer was 1-for-2 with a RBI and a run. Mallory George was 1-for-3 with a run and two RBI. Cori Lawrence drove in a run.
Jailyn Thwaits had Ansonia's lone hit and also drew a walk. Emily Gariety walked and scored a run. Trinity Henderson was hit by a pitch and had a RBI. Alyssa Armock and Heidi Runkel also drew walks.
Caitlin McEldowney pitched four scoreless innings for Versailles, allowing one hit and striking out three. Lawrence pitched an inning and allowed one earned run on no hits, four walks and one hit batter.
Henderson pitched 3 1/3 innings for Ansonia, allowing 10 earned runs on 13 hits, one walk, one hit batter and four strikeouts. Katelyn McKenna pitched 2/3 of an inning, allowing one earned run on three hits and one strikeout.
Versailles then won the second game 17-3 in five innings.
Versailles took a 12-0 lead with two runs in the first inning and 10 in the second. After Ansonia scored two runs in the top half of the third inning, Versailles scored five in the bottom half of the frame. Ansonia scored the game's final run in the fifth inning.
Ansonia had seven hits and two errors while Versailles had 12 hits and four errors.
Versailles' Kami McEldowney went 3-for-3 with a triple, a double, a walk, a stolen base, four runs and four RBI. Hailey McEldowney was 2-for-2 with a double, a walk, a run and four RBI. Brynna Blakeley was 2-for-2 with two walks, a stolen base, a RBI and three runs.
Sarah Kremer was 1-for-2 with a walk, a RBI and two runs. Kate Stammen was 1-for-1 with a walk, a RBI and a run. Mallory George was 1-for-3 with a double and a run. Sarah Gigandet was 1-for-4 with a RBI and a run. Hannah Barga was 1-for-4 and scored two runs. Faith Huddle walked twice and scored a run. Caitlin McEldowney walked and scored a run. Anna Gehret was hit by a pitch and drove in a run.
Ansonia's Lexi Shinn went 2-for-3 with a RBI. Emily Gariety was 2-for-3 with a RBI. Jailyn Thwaits was 1-for-3 with a stolen base and two runs. Kayla Saintignon was 1-for-3 with a RBI. Trinity Henderson went 1-for-3. Sara Rhoades scored a run.
Cori Lawrence earned the win for Versailles by pitching 1 2/3 innings, allowing one earned run on four hits, no walks and two strikeouts. Caitlin McEldowney pitched three innings and allowed two unearned runs on three hits, no walks and two strikeouts. Hallie Mills pitched 1/3 of an inning and hit one batter.
Gariety was the losing pitcher for Ansonia as she went 2 1/3 innings, allowing five earned runs on five hits, four walks, one hit batter and two strikeouts. Katelyn McKenna pitched 1 2/3 innings, allowing three earned runs and nine unearned runs on seven hits, five walks and one strikeout.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Ansonia-Versailles-WEB.jpg
By Kyle Shaner [email protected]
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
The German economy, Europe's largest, continued its strong performance in the second quarter with gross domestic product growing 0.6 percent over the previous quarter.
The Federal Statistics Office said Tuesday the GDP growth followed an upwardly revised 0.7 percent growth in the first quarter, according to figures adjusted for seasonal and calendar variations.
The figures could bolster Chancellor Angela Merkel's re-election campaign, which has focused on Germany's record-low unemployment, balanced budget and strong economy. She's seeking a fourth term in September.
ING economist Carsten Brzeski says "though some kind of slowdown from current growth rates looks almost inevitable" many signs point to more growth ahead and there's "little reason to fear a sudden end to the current performance."
He says "Germany's economic success story goes on and on and on."
Five hands formed a wreath around the scissors for the grand opening's ribbon cutting. And with that snip, a gleaming new Family Store and Donation Center is open for shoppers on Coursey Boulevard between Home Depot and Dollar Tree.
The faces of officials were beaming at this major step toward coming back better and stronger from the Salvation Army's major loss of all its buildings in 2016. The gleaming new building has red and white helium balloons. They want kids and families in the store. The building may even smell new compared to the six buildings, their Baton Rouge complex devastated by flood.
"We're almost at 22 months since the flood, but we're getting back into business and that's a great thing. It feels great, it looks good," said Major Brett Meredith.
Pausing between the pristine, organized racks of clothing, Majors Brett and Mary Meredith were talking with Stephen Landry, who looked so excited you might have thought it was his store opening. Money earned at the store will fund programs like the Salvation Army's Drug and Alcohol rehab program. Landry was one of the programs participants and is now four years clean.
"One of the greatest sayings I've heard in the Salvation Army was, 'If you do what you've always done, you're going to get what you've always gotten.' To be different, you have to do different things. And that's not just doing drugs or alcohol. It's thinking different, being different, acting different, praying different, everything," said Landry.
Landry knows the designer sunglasses, the racks and racks of real bargains, and the gently used furniture will raise funds to give more people the chance to rebuild their lives. He knows the recovery is real.
"I tried something that I've never tried before and that's recovery. And recovery actually worked. So I did something and I'm benefiting from it in every way possible," he said.
The Salvation Army continues its flood recovery and seems very close to reopening its previously flooded buildings. "We anticipate by winter, late fall having everything open again," Major Mary Meredith said hopefully.
The Family Store employees say they'll accept most major credit cards.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Mario Balotelli had an amazing second season with Nice, he scored 18 league goals, establishing his new career record.
Lemony green bean salad with figs and feta Sylvie Shirazi / Gourmande in the Kitchen
Green Beans
According to the latest Dietary Guidelines Scientific Report, Americans are consuming just half the fiber needed for optimal health. Fiber may play a role in reducing chronic diseases, like cancer and heart disease, and is also helpful for digestion and weight management. A cup of green beans provides 5 grams of the 25 to 38 grams of fiber needed each day. (The higher amounts are recommended for adult males.) This delightful Lemony Green Bean Salad with Figs and Feta packs a lot of fiber and flavorful ingredients. If you don't have the hemp seeds on hand, I think it would be just as delicious without them.
Peach, Cherry and Halloumi Salad Delish Knowledge
Peaches
Another summer staple, peaches often bring up thoughts of cobblers and pies, but the juicy fruit is a great addition to salads, too. If their flavor isn't enough to grab you, this might: Research suggests that the plant compounds in peaches (known as flavanols) have anti-obesity and anti-diabetes effects. This Peach, Cherry and Halloumi salad would make a great meatless main dish. I confess, though it sounds like a delicious touch, I'd probably skip the homemade basil croutons! See above: Lazy days of summer!
RELATED: How to Pack the Perfect Mason Jar Salad
Honey and strawberry panzanella salad With salt and Wit
Strawberries
It may come as a surprise but a cup of these ruby red gems have more vitamin C than an orange. Vitamin C has an impact on your immune response so making sure you're getting enough of this nutrient is one way to help your body stay healthy. I can't think of a better way to nourish your body's needs than this stunning but super simple Honey & Strawberry Panzanella Salad.
Snap pea and cucumber salad Bourbon and Honey
Sugar Snap Peas
More than just an easy snack, sugar snap peas belong in salads and other fare. They're a good source of iron, and sub-optimal levels of this mineral can impact mood and memory, according to a scientific review. Granted, animal sources of iron are better absorbed than plant sources but the vitamin C from the lemony vinaigrette in this fresh Snap Pea and Cucumber Salad will help on that front.
Tomato Mozzarella Caprese Salad Layla Pujol / Laylita's Recipes
Tomatoes
One of my all-time favorite salads is a simple caprese and summer is the best time to enjoy this classic treat. Beyond the flavor factor, tomatoes are rich in carotenoids--nutrients that have some pretty amazing benefits. I've discussed the skin-protecting perks of lycopene elsewhere (see: watermelon), but this carotenoid may also protect against heart disease by inhibiting plaque formation. Besides the health benefits, tomatoes are an easy salad staple and heirloom tomatoes are the best of the bunch. These beauties bring more flavor and interest than a typical tomato—particularly a bland, out of season one. This stunning Tomato Mozzarella Caprese recipe shows you many different ways to layer your salad—stacked, tossed, and more—and includes instructions on how to make a basil-garlic oil. It sounds like a special touch, but if you're pressed for time or want to simplify it, you can always just use the basil leaves and a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil.
Grilled watermelon salad Sassy Eats
Watermelon
Watermelon screams summer and the juicy fruit has a lot to offer health-wise. It has, on average, 40 percent more lycopene than tomatoes, notable during sunny summer months since lycopene has been shown to boost your skin's defense against damaging UVB sun rays. One of my favorite ways to enjoy this summer classic is to toss it with feta cheese and a drizzle of good quality balsamic vinegar. Chopped, shelled pistachios or pepita (pumpkin) seeds bring healthy fats, fiber, and good crunch to this simple salad. If you want to take it up a notch, this grilled watermelon salad will do the trick.
Summer squash and zucchini quinoa salad with toasted pine nuts Simply Quinoa
Zucchini
Zucchini doesn't get a ton of attention outside of the fact that they're a low-cal sub for pasta when spiralized. However, they deserve a starring role if you're one of the 15.3 million Americans suffering from irritable bowel syndrome, a GI condition that causes gas, bloating, discomfort, and alterations in bowel habits. Dietary modifications are considered the first line of defense, with more than 85 percent of patients experiencing improvements after following a low-FODMAP diet. The diet involves limiting a group of carbohydrates that are poorly digested in the small intestines, which leads to the troubling symptoms. While many summery veggies, such as asparagus and sugar snap peas, are limited on this plan, zucchinis are well tolerated. All of the ingredients in this Summer Squash + Zucchini Quinoa Salad with Toasted Pine Nuts are suitable for low-FODMAPers.
WHAT A NUTRITIONIST WANTS YOU TO KNOW
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Sergei Bobrovsky made sure that Josh Anderson's early goal would be enough for the Blue Jackets.
Anderson found the back of the net 30 seconds into the game, and Bobrovsky did the rest, recording his 23rd career shutout as Columbus beat the Arizona Coyotes 1-0 on Saturday night.
The reigning Vezina Trophy winner had 35 saves and got his fourth shutout this season as Columbus won its second game in as many days.
The Blue Jackets have won 10 out of their last 13 as the top line of Anderson, Artemi Panarin and Pierre-Luc Dubois continued to generate much of the offence as other usually reliable players have struggled. Panarin — who had five assists in the 5-3 win at New Jersey on Friday night — and Dubois each earned helpers on Anderson's goal.
“He feels more confident as each game goes by here,” coach John Tortorella said of Anderson, who missed training camp because of a contract dispute. “He's killing penalties now, he's on the power play, and he deserves it. He's a big part of our team. I don't think the line was dead on tonight, but they still had a lot of offensive zone pressure.”
Antti Raanta started in goal for the Coyotes after missing seven games with an injury and was sharp in stopping 33 shots.
But Bobrovsky was better, and the Blue Jackets (19-10-1) created more quality looks overall.
“We played hard,” Arizona coach Rick Tocchet said. “We had some chances. We had a couple 2-on-1s, a couple breakaways, hit a crossbar, so we had our chances to win the game.”
Anderson got his team-leading 11th goal when he picked up a hard Panarin ricochet pass off the back wall, skated around the net and snapped a shot over Raanta's glove.
“Their guy went around the net and went post to post,” Raanta said. “I went down and thought I had all the angles covered, but he shot past me on the far side. I need to make that save. It's pretty simple.”
Arizona (7-20-5) lost its third in a row and sixth of seven.
The Coyotes outshot Columbus 11-10 in the first period and came away empty on several odd-man rushes.
One of their best chances to tie it came with about six minutes left in the second when Brendan Perlini sidestepped the Blue Jackets' Lukas Sedlak and charged on a breakaway, only to have Bobrovsky knock down his shot. That was typical of the Coyotes' evening.
They couldn't capitalize despite skating on a power play for the last 2:53 of the game. They played 6-on-4 after pulling Raanta for the last 1:12, but Bobrovsky held them off with the help of two key blocked shots.
“It was a gutsy win,” Columbus forward Boone Jenner said. “A good job by the (penalty) killers at the end.”
NOTES: The Blue Jackets' league-worst power play didn't get any better. They were 0 for 2 with the man advantage. … Arizona D Jason Demers left the game early in the third period after he took a puck in the face. … Columbus F Cam Atkinson, who signed a seven-year, $41 million contract extension last month, was a healthy scratch. He has two goal and two assists in 14 games since returning from an injury Nov. 7. He's been held without a point in the last six games. … F Sonny Milano was recalled from Cleveland of the American Hockey League and started on the third line but was sent back after the game. … Blue Jackets D Ryan Murray missed his sixth game with an upper-body injury. Scott Harrington again skated in his place.
NEXT UP
Arizona: Plays at Chicago on Sunday.
Columbus: Hosts Edmonton on Tuesday night.
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
——
Follow Mitch Stacy at https://twitter.com/mitchstacy
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The San Francisco Giants and the Kansas City Royals meet Tuesday for the first time since their epic 2014 World Series.
The Giants open a two-game interleague series at Kauffman Stadium. Giants right-hander Matt Cain and Royals right-hander Jason Hammel are the pitching probables for the first game.
The Giants won the 2014 World Series in seven games. The series ended with the Royals stranding Alex Gordon at third base when Salvador Perez popped up foul to Pablo Sandoval for the final out.
Madison Bumgarner got the victory in relief.
“It'll be fun to go back there and relive the moments from a couple of years ago,” Giants first baseman Brandon Bolt told the Oakland Tribune. “At the same time, we definitely have a job to do. We definitely have to turn this around.”
The Giants are 5-9 and in last place in the National League West. They have lost five of seven on the road.
Royals manager Ned Yost went to high school in Dublin, Calif.
“The Giants were always my team that I rooted for when I was growing up,” Yost said. “I loved the Giants, so anytime we can play the Giants or the A's, it's a fun series for me, but especially the Giants.
“We get to face Cain and Bumgarner, two really good pitchers. It should be an interesting matchup.”
The Giants probably will activate four-time National League All-Star catcher Buster Posey before the game Tuesday. He has been recovering from concussion-like symptoms.
Posey said he felt “very good. As normal as normal can be. With these things, you don't ever want to declare something too soon.”
The Giants will be without outfielder Jarrett Parker, who had surgery Sunday to repair a fractured right clavicle. He is expected to be out eight to 10 weeks.
Parker sustained the injury Saturday when he slammed into the wall while catching DJ LeMahieu's flyball in the Rockies' 5-0 victory.
“He was really down, to be honest, but I think he feels better that he'll be back this year,” Giants manager Bruce Bochy said.
The Royals have won four straight to even their record at 6-6. They are 6-3 against American League West Division clubs.
Excellent starting pitching has keyed Kansas City's success. The starters have a major league-leading 2.31 ERA, giving up 19 runs in 74 innings.
During the four-game winning streak, Royals starting pitchers have a 0.63 ERA, allowing two runs and 13 hits over 28 2/3 innings. Right-hander Ian Kennedy pitched eight shutout innings and struck out 10 Sunday in a 1-0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels.
Hammel (0-1, 6.52 ERA) is the last Royals starting pitcher to lose.
“I found my slider, so that's a good thing,” Hammel said. “I haven't had it since we left spring training. Now, I just have to get my fastball command back.”
Hammel is 0-3 with a 3.17 ERA in 11 career appearances against the Giants.
Cain takes a 1-0 record with a 4.82 ERA into the game. He is 9-14 with a 3.43 ERA in interleague games.
The Royals will make a roster move before the game. They optioned rookie right-hander Jakob Junis to Triple-A Omaha on Monday. Junis worked one scoreless inning against Oakland in his major league debut Wednesday.
The Royals said they would make a corresponding move Tuesday to replace Junis.
There may never be a better time to invest in a fitness tracker, especially one from a reputable brand. The Garmin Forerunner 225 GPS Running Watch with Wrist-based Heart Rate is being offered for $139 — 37 percent off — on Amazon for a limited time.
Garmin has been making its name known in wearables for a while, and the Forerunner is arguably its most well-known product in the field. This model features a colorful graphic interface that clearly displays all your stats at just a glance. The fitness tracker measures your activities and calories, measuring distance, pace, and heart rate. During times of activity, the device features a colorful gauge that identifies your heart rate zone and beats per minute in real time. While participating in more casual activities, its built-in accelerometer allows it to record distance while indoors. The summary screen provides real-time stats of your activity and calories burned each day.
More: The Best Fitness Trackers You Can Buy
The fitness tracker doubles as a motivational device by reminding you to move. If desired, you can also set an alert to remind you to move if you are idle for over an hour.
The real standout feature is its ability to connect to Garmin Connect, which is a massive hub and community with a variety of useful tools. The device will automatically upload to Garmin Connect, where you can save share information, and plan your activities. Additional connected features include live tracking, which allows your friends and fans to follow along and see your stats in real time, advanced workouts and free training plans, and the ability to share your stats through social media updates.
The Garmin Forerunner 225 GPS Running Watch with Wrist-based Heart Rate normally retails for $219, but right now you can snag one on Amazon for only $139, saving you $80, or 37 percent.
$139 on Amazon
By The Associated Press
BOYS BASKETBALL
Adair Co. 88, Campbellsville 75
Anderson Co. 77, St. Patrick 44
Augusta 76, Ripley-Union-Lewis-Huntington, Ohio 64
Bardstown 78, Nelson Co. 68
Belfry 75, Piarist 12
Bellevue 55, Villa Madonna 49, OT
Bethlehem 65, Thomas Nelson 58
Betsy Layne 64, Prestonsburg 61
Boyd Co. 81, Fairview 53
Boyle Co. 64, Danville 48
Bullitt Central 55, Western Hills 52
Bullitt East 90, Lou. Christian Academy 61
Calvary Christian 73, Dayton 59
Carlisle Co. 73, Fulton City 50
Casey Co. 57, Woodford Co. 56
Caverna 82, Metcalfe Co. 63
Clinton Co. 80, Madison Southern 65
Cov. Catholic 79, Beechwood 43
Dixie Heights 73, Ludlow 50
Elizabethtown 81, Fort Knox 45
Estill Co. 53, Powell Co. 43
Fleming Co. 72, Harrison Co. 64
Fulton Co. 71, Hickman Co. 54
Garrard Co. 62, Lincoln Co. 57
George Rogers Clark 78, Mason Co. 45
Greenwood 69, South Warren 60
Harlan Co. 72, Harlan 51
Heritage Christian Academy 69, Silver Grove 42
Jackson Co. 59, Clay Co. 58
John Hardin 74, Taylor Co. 59
LaRue Co. 58, Green Co. 39
Lex. Bryan Station 79, Frankfort 58
Lex. Christian 71, Lex. Lafayette 56
Lou. Ballard 87, Lou. Shawnee 38
Lou. Butler 50, Lou. Pleasure Ridge Park 49
Lou. Collegiate 55, Lou. Ky. Country Day 52
Lou. DeSales 62, Lou. Iroquois 59
Lou. Fern Creek 72, Lou. Southern 36
Lou. Holy Cross 91, Beth Haven 33
Lou. Jeffersontown 87, Evangel Christian 39
Lou. Male 63, Lou. Eastern 52
Lou. Portland Christian 69, Lou. Brown 62
Lou. St. Francis 84, Cov. Latin 13
Lou. St. Xavier 66, Collins 58
Madisonville-North Hopkins 69, Caldwell Co. 57
Mayfield 79, Ballard Memorial 64
Meade Co. 92, Frederick Fraize 26
Morgan Co. 64, Elliott Co. 44
Muhlenberg County 72, McLean Co. 62
Newport 84, Breathitt Co. 75
North Oldham 70, Carroll Co. 65
Ohio Co. 79, Breckinridge Co. 75
Owensboro Catholic 38, Daviess Co. 37
Paducah Tilghman 72, St. Mary 39
Paris 73, Montgomery Co. 56
Pendleton Co. 80, Bracken Co. 49
Russell 55, Lewis Co. 47
Russellville 71, Franklin-Simpson 68
Scott Co. 73, Lex. Henry Clay 65
Shelby Co. 67, Central Hardin 57
South Oldham 81, Lou. DuPont Manual 74
Southwestern 86, Russell Co. 55
Spencer Co. 75, Henry Co. 56
St. Henry 59, Lloyd Memorial 58
Todd Co. Central 68, Crittenden Co. 50
Walton-Verona 79, Grant Co. 51
Warren Central 68, Warren East 42
Washington Co. 64, Cumberland Co. 53
Wayne Co. 57, McCreary Central 56
West Jessamine 78, East Jessamine 55
Whitefield Academy 80, Model 70
Williamsburg 67, Rockcastle Co. 50
Bowling Green Tournament
University Heights 83, Bowling Green 75
POSTPONEMENTS AND CANCELLATIONS Scott Blank Classic
Leslie Co. vs. Buckhorn, cc'd.
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Anderson Co. 53, Lex. Tates Creek 20
Apollo 57, Owensboro 49
Ballard Memorial 48, Mayfield 41
Belfry 69, Piarist 22
Bethlehem 66, Thomas Nelson 44
Betsy Layne 64, Prestonsburg 60
Bishop Brossart 49, Dayton 33
Boyd Co. 81, Fairview 29
Boyle Co. 57, Danville 44
Campbellsville 64, Adair Co. 51
Casey Co. 74, Woodford Co. 16
Christian Co. 60, Hopkinsville 45
Conner 51, Lex. Lafayette 36
Dawson Springs 62, Fort Campbell 16
East Carter 55, West Carter 52, OT
Edmonson Co. 51, Grayson Co. 28
Elizabethtown 82, Fort Knox 18
Estill Co. 64, Powell Co. 54
Franklin Co. 62, Bullitt East 49
George Rogers Clark 59, Scott 48
Graves Co. 58, Marshall Co. 27
Green Co. 57, LaRue Co. 54
Harlan Co. 67, Harlan 43
Henderson Co. 58, Hopkins Co. Central 26
Henry Co. 52, Williamstown 48
Highlands 54, Dixie Heights 51
John Hardin 72, Central Hardin 53
Johnson Central 67, Magoffin Co. 41
Knott Co. Central 67, Letcher County Central 52
Lawrence Co. 53, Floyd Central 47
Lex. Henry Clay 61, Lex. Paul Dunbar 55
Lexington Catholic 42, Lex. Christian 20
Lincoln Co. 57, Garrard Co. 28
Logan Co. 58, Clarksville NE, Tenn. 30
Lou. Ballard 64, Lou. Shawnee 5
Lou. Brown 58, Lou. Portland Christian 13
Lou. Butler 63, Lou. Pleasure Ridge Park 34
Lou. Christian Academy 74, Lou. Holy Cross 45
Lou. Collegiate 55, Lou. Ky. Country Day 48
Lou. DuPont Manual 52, Lou. Assumption 38
Lou. Eastern 67, Lou. Male 63
Lou. Fern Creek 87, Lou. Southern 20
Lou. Jeffersontown 64, Bourbon Co. 35
Lou. Mercy 60, Southwestern 44
Lou. Presentation 45, Beechwood 20
Lou. Sacred Heart 59, Campbell Co. 58
Lou. St. Francis 69, Cov. Latin 16
Lou. Waggener 42, Lou. Seneca 23
Madisonville-North Hopkins 52, Caldwell Co. 34
Marion Co. 48, Taylor Co. 42
Mason Co. 46, St. Henry 43
Meade Co. 78, Frederick Fraize 24
Muhlenberg County 62, McLean Co. 44
Murray 72, Calloway Co. 45
North Bullitt 77, Lou. Fairdale 25
North Hardin 54, Lou. Moore 52
North Oldham 58, Trimble Co. 33
Owen Co. 58, Shelby Co. 45
Owensboro Catholic 62, Daviess Co. 38
Paducah Tilghman 59, St. Mary 31
Paris 50, Montgomery Co. 44
Phelps 54, Oneida Baptist 22
Riverside Christian 39, Cordia 28
Rowan Co. 67, Bath Co. 29
Russell 62, Greenup Co. 37
Ryle 81, Cooper 49
Scott Co. 75, Boone Co. 48
Somerset 64, Pulaski Co. 46
South Warren 73, Greenwood 46
Spencer Co. 47, Collins 39
Warren East 57, Warren Central 51
Washington Co. 41, Cumberland Co. 23
Webster Co. 68, Union Co. 37
West Jessamine 66, East Jessamine 57
Western Hills 71, Bullitt Central 45
Whitefield Academy 71, Model 32
Whitley Co. 53, Corbin 39
Williamsburg 54, Barbourville 48
Wolfe Co. 63, Jackson City 44
Scott Blank Classic
Hazard 68, Buckhorn 46
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Maz Jadallah via Iris.xyz Life is hard if you're a stock picker. Really hard. Active fund average annualized returns have lagged further and further behind their passive benchmarks for the domestic large cap and small cap equity categories. Analyzing hedge fund and institutional portfolios tells the same story. A naïve strategy that follows the twenty…Click to read more at ETFtrends.com.
Continue Reading Below
YPSILANTI, Mich. — Elijah Minnie scored 16 of his 22 points in a close first half and Eastern Michigan used a big run in the second half to roll to a 58-41 win over Ball State on Saturday.
Minnie's layup gave the Eagles (13-10, 4-6 Mid-American) a 27-26 halftime lead. James Thompson IV scored the first five points on a 15-0 run and Minnie had six points, making it 56-36 with just over five minutes remaining. Ball State missed six shots and had three turnovers in a drought that last almost seven minutes.
Thompson and Tim Bond both had nine of their 11 points in the second half with Thompson also grabbing 14 rebounds. Bond had seven rebounds, four blocks, three steals and three assists.
Eastern Michigan shot 53 per cent and held Ball State to 27 per cent, blocking 13 shots.
Trey Moses had 17 points for Ball State (14-9, 5-5).
Florida International University student Alexa Duran was driving home from a doctor's appointment, her best friend next to her in the passenger's seat, when the unimaginable happened: A bridge collapsed right on top of them.
Six people were killed by the force of the 950-ton walkway, including Duran, according to her father, Orlando Duran, who confirmed his daughter's death on Friday.
On Saturday, four more victims were identified by the Miami-Dade Police Department as Oswald Gonzalez, 57, Alberto Arias, 53, Rolando Fraga Hernandez and Navarro Brown. Gonzalez's and Brown's ages were not given.
Hernandez was identified after police extracted a gold Jeep Cherokee. Brown was freed from the debris and taken to Kendall Regional Medical Center where he later died, according to a Miami-Dade Police Department press release. Gonzalez and Arias were found together after a white Chevy truck was extracted.
On Sunday, in a video tweeted out by the school, FIU president Mark Rosenberg named Brandon Brownfield as the sixth victim. Brownfield's mother-in-law also confirmed his death to NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New details of possible problems with Miami bridge as more victims identified 1:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"My little girl was trapped in the car and couldn't get out. She died when the bridge collapsed on top of her car," Orlando Duran confirmed to El Nuevo Herald in Miami, speaking in Spanish. He said he was traveling in London at the time of his daughter's death.
Waiting for a flight home, he added, "This is going to be the longest and saddest trip of my life. I don't want to return."
Duran, 18, was the first victim of the bridge collapse to be officially identified. She was a freshman political science major at FIU, according to the Miami Herald.
Earlier Friday, Duran's best friend Richard Humble, a sophomore at Florida International University, told NBC's "Today" show that he and Duran had been at a red light and heard a creak above them moments before the car got crushed.
"We tried to duck, but at the same time, it was just way too fast," Humble, who suffered a neck injury but was able to walk away, told "Today."
"I screamed her name over and over again, but I didn't hear anything," Humble said.
Alexa Duran has been identified as one of the victims of the pedestrian bridge that collapsed in Miami on March 15, 2018. via Facebook
In a tweet, Ecuador's foreign minister Maria Fernanda Espinosa also confirmed the death of Duran, "daughter of an Ecuadorian father." She said the Ecuadorian consulate would work to assist Duran's family.
Related: Collapsed Florida walkway was built using new ‘accelerated' bridge technology
The brand new, highly touted pedestrian bridge was built to connect FIU to the town of Sweetwater.
Scheduled to open next year, the bridge came crashing down on Thursday afternoon, less than a week after it was raised off of its temporary support and swung into its permanent position.
In addition to the six killed, at least 10 were injured.
FIU on Friday evening said that they are providing free mental health and counseling services to students, faculty, staff and any members of the community who were affected by the incident. The school also plans to host a vigil at 10 a.m. on Wednesday.
Telstra's business customers will be able to make native voice calls over the telco's network from within Microsoft's Office 365 under a deal unveiled today.
‘Telstra Calling for Office 365' will support calls from within Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams.
“Calling for Office 365 brings the full scope of Office 365's cloud productivity and collaboration apps – including video conferencing and meeting broadcast capabilities – alongside Telstra voice calling,” Telstra's executive director of global products, Michelle Bendschneider, said in a statement.
“By combining what have traditionally been separate collaboration channels, we're helping to increase productivity while simplifying the experience for employees.”
More than 200 of the telco's customers have taken part in a preview program over the past six months. More than 30 customers and partners are currently participating in an early adopter program, according to Telstra.
“We're excited to be partnering with Telstra to bring this pure cloud offering to our customers in Australia and enabling all components of our modern workplace solution with the addition of voice services,” said Microsoft Australia's COO, Rachel Bondi.
The new service will be available from mid-2018.
Officials at the nation's only underground nuclear waste repository will be flipping the switch on an interim ventilation system this week, allowing mining to resume for the first time since a 2014 radiation release contaminated part of the facility.
Still, they caution it will be a few years before the flow of air is enough to meet the pace of operations before the leak.
Bruce Covert, president of the contractor that runs the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, said testing was done and the U.S. Energy Department approved starting up the ventilation system.
He called it a big step for the facility, which disposes of waste from decades of bomb-making and nuclear research.
Officials are planning for a permanent system that's expected to cost a quarter-billion dollars and take until 2021 to complete.
Former France Coach Michel Dies At 70
Former France captain and coach Henri Michel is dead, according to reports in France.
Michel passed on at the age of 70 after a protracted illness on Tuesday.
Born in Aix where he started his football career, Michel played 58 times for France.
He became a coach and led the French team to Olympic gold in 1984 in Los Angeles and third in the 1986 World Cup in Mexico.
The Frenchman also coached Morocco, Cameroun, Tunisia, Côte d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea and Kenya.
Michel was officially named a Nantes legend last Friday.
The post Former France Coach Michel Dies At 70 appeared first on Complete Sports Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Complete Sports Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Militants to Okowa: Account for your 2yrs 13% derivation
By Emma Amaize, Festus Ahon , Egufe Yafugborhi & Perez Brisibe
WARRI—NEW Delta Avenger, NDA, a new coalition of ex-militants from the oil producing areas of Delta State, yesterday, called on Governor Ifeanyi Okowa to give account of the 13 per cent derivation he received from the Federation Account in the last two years and what went to the oil producing communicates, especially the Delta State Oil Producing Areas Development Commission, DESOPADEC.
The group, which threatened, last week, to resume fresh hostilities in the state from June 30, had accused Governor Okowa of allegedly marginalizing the oil producing areas of the state.
Spokesperson of the militant group, self-styled Cpl Olleum Bellum, in a statement, said: “If you see the allocations for states that were released by Ministry of Finance today (yesterday), you will see that Delta State and Okowa were paid N4, 747,930,884.16 billion for February and DESOPADEC is supposed to get half of that money, but we know that nothing was paid to DESOPADEC.
“We also call on President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President, Prof Yemi Osibanjo to pay 13 per cent money direct to oil communities. We want to control our resources in Delta because government has failed us.”
This may become another frontier in the war against operation in the Niger Delta,” the group said.
The militant group demanded the names and physical locations of the projects the state government claimed to have spread in oil communities in Ija, Isoko, Ijaw, Isoko, Ndokwa and Urhobo communities.
It said, “But we have to inform you today that the hour is near. We said before that we will commence our operation on the end of month, that we can move the date forward. New Delta Avenger command is now ready. We have sent all our boys and materials to the location we are target (sic) and we have also put the government on notice about our action. We are not cowards, we do not hide under the shadow to operate.”
“Let the governor wake up from his slumber and come to term with his vicious acts towards our communities. He cannot wash away the truth. He has not done anything to benefit the oil communities from Ndokwa to Koko to Forcados.
“We said he is robbing Peter to pay Paul and we stand by this. Let him release the fact on the fund that he had given to DESOPADEC. Why is he not publishing accounts of the state allocation, internally generated revenue, IGR and other revenues and what he has done with them like his colleagues in other states are doing.
“Even projects that were begun before the Okowa government by DESOPADEC have all halted because the money is being siphoned,” NDA said.
The post Militants to Okowa: Account for your 2yrs 13% derivation appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Every classroom has at least four types of students who turn in their tests. The first group of students did well, and they know they did well. They go home ready to enjoy the weekend. A second group did poorly, and they know they did poorly. Perhaps they knew they would do poorly before they even took the test. A third group of students feels confident that they did well, but they find out during the next period that they bombed the test. Students in a fourth group feel terrible about the test, only to find out during the next class period that they aced the test. Doing well and knowing that one did well are not the same.
Salvation is not taking a test. It doesn't depend on doing well or studying hard. But, like the four types of students, people can relate to Christ in four different ways. A person can know Christ and have confidence that this knowledge is genuine (2 Timothy 4:8). Others don't know God, and they know that they don't know Him (Romans 1:32). Jesus warns us not to be in a third group: those who are confident they know God without knowing Him (Matthew 7:21-23). A fourth group contains those who know God but deal with doubt as to whether this knowledge is genuine (Matthew 28:17, Mark 9:24, and Jude 22).
The goal is to be in the first group. We want to know God and know that we know Him. We often call this second type of knowledge “assurance of salvation.” As we conclude looking at the virtues in 2 Peter 1, we see that Peter connects the virtues with assurance: “Be zealous,” he says, “to make your calling and election sure” (2 Peter 1:10). How does assurance of salvation relate to faith, love and the other six virtues?
Looking at verses 8-11 gives clarity. Peter says first in verse 8 that the virtues (“these things”) should both characterize our lives and be growing. To use one example, self-control is not an all-or-nothing characteristic. A follower of Christ has self-control, but he or she will almost always have room to grow. The second half of verse 8, along with verse 9, warn us: If we do not have these virtues, we will be idle, fruitless and forgetful. We will, Peter says, be nearsighted or even blind regarding the truth. C.S. Lewis memorably captures this truth in “The Magician's Nephew” when he explains Uncle Andrew's experience in Narnia: “What you see and hear depends a good deal … on what sort of person you are.”
Verse 10 gives us a healthy balance between what God does and what we do. “Calling” and “election” refer to what God does in salvation, but we are to make these things “sure.” As these character traits become a part of who we are, the fact that God has called us becomes more obvious. In verse 11, Peter shows us that the path of virtues is an entrance into the kingdom.
How do we know God and know that we know Him? Knowing God begins with faith. If this knowledge is genuine, we change. As we grow in the virtues, we and others become assured of that calling and election.
— Russell Freeman is pastor of Warrior Creek Baptist Church in Gray Court.
NEW YORK (AP) — Starting this fall, works in translation will get a spotlight at the National Book Awards.
The National Book Foundation announced Wednesday that it has started a category for best translated literature, awarding a work of fiction or nonfiction translated into English and released in the U.S. The new prize should provide a boost for authors from overseas who have struggled to catch on in the U.S.
The National Book Awards for decades had four competitive categories: fiction, nonfiction, young people's literature and poetry. The foundation also gives out two honorary prizes at the annual November ceremony.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) New Orleans Fair Grounds says it has expanded an equine herpes quarantine to all barns along the race course's backstretch and stopped permitting horses to ship in or out.
Racing remains on schedule, but the quarantine affects which horses race and when they can train.
The quarantine began in a barn where two horses tested positive last week. By Sunday, a third horse in a different barn tested positive.
Officials say two more horses' temperatures spiked Monday, and the Louisiana Department of Agriculture expanded the quarantine as a precaution.
The virus, called EHV-1, is latent in many horses, but symptoms can emerge periodically, at which point it becomes contagious. Symptoms include fever, nasal secretions, poor balance, anorexia and aborted pregnancies.
Easton police are searching for an armed robber after a food delivery worker was held up Sunday night in the city's West Ward.
The 20-year-old deliveryman, who is from the Easton area and works for a local business, about 10:30 p.m. was near 10th and and Butler streets when a male armed with a black pistol approached, police Inspector Danial Reagan said.
The robber demanded the deliveryman's black North Face fanny pack and got away with an undisclosed amount of cash, Reagan said. The deliveryman wasn't hurt during the robbery, Reagan added.
Teen in deadly crash heads to trial
The robber, who went west on Butler and north on Warren Street toward Washington Street, is described as light-skinned possible Hispanic with an accent, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and dark pants, Reagan said.
Anyone with information should contact Detective John Piperato at 610-250-6667 or the department's anonymous tip line at 610-250-6635.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Some counties in our area are expecting more snow than others namely higher elevation locations. The Division of Highways hasn't had much snow to deal with this winter but tomorrow may be a little different.
James Rossi, district engineer of DOH district 8, says a large force is ready to contend with the wintry weather.
“As far as our transportation workers counting our mechanics as well, which are a critical part of our S.R.I.C. system, we have roughly 200 employees in district 8 for that,” says Rossi.
We may not have been hit by much snow this winter season but all that may change beginning later tonight. With heavy rains expected first, the D.O.H. proactive measures when dealing with wintry weather must be put on hold.
“We try not to get too soon due to the traffic basically riding it off the road. We do a preventive pre-treating with brine which is a mixture of our rock salt and water.”
Keeping the roads clean and safe is all about timing. Strike too soon or too late can be hazardous. Stay safe.
DENTS RUN, Pa. — The FBI has come up empty at the rural Pennsylvania site where Civil War gold is rumoured to be buried.
State officials and members of a treasure-hunting group joined the FBI at the site where local lore has it a gold shipment was lost or hidden during the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg.
The FBI said in a statement Monday night that it conducted a “court-authorized excavation” at Dents Run, a heavily forested area about 135 miles (217 kilometres) northeast of Pittsburgh.
The FBI isn't confirming that its dig had anything to do with the legendary Civil War treasure. But the agency says it didn't find whatever it was looking for.
The FBI won't release additional details, saying the dig was related to an “ongoing investigation.”
Andrew and Smithers chat to Writer/Director/Producer Kieran Gould-Dowen and actors Candice Lillian and Alexander Gavioli about More Pudding Anyone?, a Christmas comedy playing at The […]
Wayne Rooney told reporters they should "ask Everton" why the Premier League club decided to let him leave to join DC United.
Rooney returned to Goodison Park last July following a trophy-laden 13-year stint at Manchester United, and went on to net 11 goals for the Toffees, finishing 2017-18 as their top scorer.
The 32-year-old failed to find consistency in an often struggling side, though, and manager Marco Silva and director of football Marcel Brands confirmed in June that the former England captain was in talks with MLS club DC.
The forward finally completed the move on Thursday, signing a three-and-a-half-year contract, but suggested that the decision to leave Merseyside was not just down to him.
"It's football. Everton is a club I grew up supporting," Rooney told a news conference.
"I was grateful and delighted to go back there last summer, but in football you never know what's around the corner and I decided to come here.
"I'm sure there are a lot of questions about why I left Everton, and the people who want to know will have to ask Everton football club and let them answer that.
"I made the decision to be here, I'm delighted to be here. I'm excited and just looking forward to the first game."
Rooney joins a side that finished bottom of the Eastern Conference in 2017, and currently occupy the same spot this campaign, but England's leading goalscorer insists DC are heading in the right direction.
"It's a league I've watched from afar for a couple of years," he continued.
"And speaking to people at the club over the last few months, I was excited by the project, the new stadium, the new training ground, the team, a young team.
"We have to improve, that's clear to see, but I think there's talent in the team and with a bit of guidance on and off the pitch I can help them and they can help me.
"I'm sure there's more [big] players going to come in, hopefully that's the case anyway, and we want to keep trying to build on the team.
"I know it's been a tough few years, but the league has got better and they're going in the right direction. In order for the club to move forward we will need to bring a few more players in."
Rooney, who missed the final two games of Everton's season due to injury, is set to make his DC debut against Vancouver Whitecaps in their maiden fixture at Audi Field on July 14.
A French tourist who tried to have her picture taken with a crocodile in Thailand was injured when the reptile snapped at her when she got too close.
The woman, who is in her 40s, suffered a severe bite wound to her leg Sunday at the Khao Yai National Park, said Thanya Netithammakul, head of the National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department.
She had been squatting next to the animal, posing for a picture, but she tipped over and the crocodile snapped, the official told the Bangkok Post in a story published Monday.
The attack happened Sunday off the nature study trail in the Haew Suwat waterfall area.
According to the Post, signs warned visitors about the crocodiles and tourists were told to keep to the nature trail.
Country icon Willie Nelson had to cut short a concert in Salt Lake City Sunday after suffering respiratory issues.
The 84-year-old singer later took to twitter to tell fans, "The altitude just got to me."
The 20,000-capacity USANA Amphitheater is located in West Valley City, Utah, a suburb of Salt Lake City, with an altitude of 4,300 feet.
Willie Nelson performs during The 2017 Outlaw Festival at Joe Louis Arena on July 8, 2017 in Detroit, Michigan. Scott Legato / Getty Images
The tweet posted after the concert read: "This is Willie. I am very sorry to have to cut the Salt Lake City performance short tonight. The altitude just got to me. I am feeling a lot better now and headed for lower ground."
Texas-born Nelson has recorded more than 60 albums, written songs such as "Crazy," and appeared in more than 30 movies and TV shows.
Known for his honky-tonk tunes and hippie flair, Nelson rose to prominence in the late 1960s and early 1970s. His fame has transcended genres with the release of hits such as “Always on My Mind” and “On the Road Again,” in the 1980s.
Both songs peaked within the Billboard Hot 100, and throughout his career Nelson has had 20 No. 1 hits and 114 chart singles, according to the Country Music Hall of Fame. The Billboard charts rank Nelson as the No. 3 greatest of all time country singer after George Strait and Merle Haggard.
OMNISPORT
Roger Federer's movement appeared somewhat restricted towards the end of his Rogers Cup final defeat to Alexander Zverev, but the 19-time grand slam champion reported nothing more than "aches and pains here and there" after the match.
While Zverev played superbly in Montreal on Sunday to triumph 6-3 6-4 and secure his second Masters 1000 title, there were concerns over the fitness of Federer when the 36-year-old seemed to struggle physically at the end of the second set - amid suggestions of a back problem.
With the US Open just two weeks away, any injury would come as a significant blow to the Swiss, who has already won the Australian Open and Wimbledon in a stunning 2017 season.
10 wins in a row ☑️
5 titles in 2017 ☑️
Alexander Zverev defeats Roger Federer to become the youngest #CoupeRogers winner in 10 years! pic.twitter.com/aTYxYhT2sY — Tennis TV (@TennisTV) August 13, 2017
Federer did not appear too concerned by his condition, however, after suffering a first loss in 17 matches.
He was quoted by the ATP World Tour's official website as saying: "I felt all right all week. I had a bit of muscle pain, aches and pains here and there, just because it's back on the match courts, on the hard courts.
"After vacation and practice, it's always a bit of a shock for the body. We'll have to wait and see now how I feel in the next couple of days."
Federer was able to remain upbeat, despite losing a final for the first time this year.
"It is a positive week in the end," he added. "The final was unexpected. But it's keeping up with the good results of this year.
"Of course, I'm disappointed with today. I thought I would do better. I wanted to fight a bit more and make the match a bit tighter. I had opportunities. But Zverev played extremely well. He played well all week."
At the age of 20, Zverev is already firmly established as the brightest young star in tennis.
"I'm just really happy for him, to see that he's taking everything not just to the next level, but the two next levels, winning two Masters 1000s," said Federer.
"It's extremely difficult to win. He's won two this year. It's a wonderful achievement for him. I wish him the best for the coming months and hope he can finish the season very strong because there are opportunities now."
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said Monday the Trump administration's target date to get tax reforms through Congress and on President Trump's desk was “not realistic at this point.”
Mnuchin said in an interview with the Financial Times that the August deadline is set to falter following setbacks with Congress over health care.
“It is fair to say it is probably delayed a bit because of the healthcare,” Mnuchin told the paper.
Mnuchin added that he agreed with Trump that the dollar's strength was hurting exports, but said he saw the strength of the dollar as a positive thing over the long term, according to Reuters.
“As the world's currency, the primary reserve currency, I think that over long periods of time the strength of the dollar is a good thing,” he told the Financial Times.
Mnuchin said last month that the administration was planning to turn quickly to tax reform with the goal of getting a program approved by Congress by August. He said he had been overseeing work on the administration's bill over the past two months and it would be introduced soon. He said it would be one proposal that would cover both cutting individual and corporate taxes in the same legislation.
Mnuchin added that if the timeline was delayed, he still expected a proposal to pass by the fall.
Press secretary Sean Spicer also acknowledged last month that the August deadline was an “ambitious one” for such a comprehensive and complicated project, but he said it's a goal the administration “is going to try to stick to.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from Reuters.
LOS ANGELES — Two climbers have set a speed record for ascending the famous Nose route of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park, one of the world's most technical and dangerous verticals.
Alex Honnold and his climbing partner Tommy Caldwell on Wednesday raced up the nearly 90-degree, 2,900-foot (884-meter) precipice in 2 hours 10 minutes 15 seconds.
The pair broke the previous record set last October by nearly 10 minutes.
Fellow climber Hans Florine, who once held the Nose record, watched Wednesday's attempt from below. He says Honnold and Caldwell were moving so fast he knew by the halfway point that they would set a record.
Park Ranger Scott Gedimen congratulated the pair, calling them world-class climbers who work tirelessly to advocate on behalf of Yosemite and all public lands.
Damian Lillard and Draymond Green trash-talking, Doc Rivers addressed the media, Rudy Gobert is hurt, the Knicks are having trouble with exit interviews. Kristine Leahy and Colin Cowherd on the NBA's biggest stories.
More The Herd With Colin Cowherd Videos Chris Broussard predicts all of the 1st-round 2017 NBA Playoff matchups | THE HERD Why not LeBron James for MVP every year? | THE HERD Metta World Peace talks Warriors winning NBA Finals and more | THE HERD (FULL INTERVIEW) Cowherd on Eli Manning ‘scandal': Stop with the outrage, it's a non-story | THE HERD Lee Jenkins talks 2017 NBA Playoffs, the Thunder without Durant and more | THE HERD Doc Rivers on 2017 NBA Playoffs, stars resting and more | THE HERD (FULL INTERVIEW) More The Herd With Colin Cowherd Videos
Share
If you've ever invested in a good pair of performance sunglasses for use while running, cycling, or hiking, you probably already know how heartbreaking it can be to accidentally break them. Typically, your only recourse is to toss the damaged eyewear into the trash and buy another pair, which is not only hard on the wallet but isn't great for the environment, either. But Revant Optics is looking to change that by introducing a line of eyewear built to last a lifetime and keep more than a few pairs of sunglasses out of the landfill.
Revant got its start back in 2010 when company founder Jason Bolt took a tumble while riding his mountain bike. Bolt survived the crash, but the lenses on his favorite pair of sunglasses weren't so lucky. Not wanting to pay for a completely new set of eyewear, he went in search of a way to replace just the damaged parts. He found that the lenses for most models of sunglasses were available, but weren't always easy for the average consumer to get their hands on. He aimed to change that, and Revant Optics was born.
In the years since then, Revant has helped more than 500,000 customers save some cash by replacing broken or scratched lenses rather than having to buy a whole new pair of sunglasses. Now, the company is bringing that same concept to a whole new level by introducing a line of eyewear that features a modular design that makes replacing individual parts a breeze.
Revant's lineup includes three different models dubbed the S1L, S2L, and the F1L. The first of those is the company's ultralight model, weighing in at just 25 grams (.8 ounces). The other two are only slightly heavier and feature frames designed to accommodate prescription lenses. All models include temple sleeves and a nose guard built to keep them firmly in place, even while working up a sweat.
All three models include parts that are modular in design, making it easy to replace anything that breaks. If a customer snaps off an arm, they can order a new one from Revant for a fraction of the cost of buying a whole new pair. The same holds true for the frame as well. It goes without saying that the lenses are replaceable of course, but they are so easy to change that the company is offering a variety of different colors and styles so that users can choose the pair that performs — or looks — the best depending on their current needs. Of course, by repairing your sunglasses rather than replacing them, you're keeping a lot of plastic out of the garbage too.
Revant launched a Kickstarter campaign to get its new line of sunglasses into production. The company is hoping to raise $25,000 and if successful, they will begin shipping all three models in June. The S1L, S2L, and F1L will sell for $155 each, with discounts being offered for early bird supporters. As always, it pays to know the risks of backing any crowdfunding campaign prior to pledging your hard-earned money.
Re: .300 Laupa vs .300 RUM Thanks, guys. My ignorance is going to show even more. Maybe I should just ask for advice. I want a big 7 with a long neck about .350". Would you go the expense and trouble to get the Lapua or push the shoulder back of a RUM case?
The max length in this action is 3.78". And I will use VLD bullets. __________________
Wildcats 'til the factories catch up.
Serena Williams' 75-yrs-old father moves to divorce wife over theft
Richard Williams, a tennis coach and father of female tennis sensations – Venus and Serena – has filed for divorce from his wife, Lakeisha Williams. The 75-year-old is accusing Lakeisha of stealing his social security checks and forging his signature to transfer property, which include cars and a house, to her name in court documents […]
Serena Williams' 75-yrs-old father moves to divorce wife over theft
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — Did the National Rifle Association just shake lose the partisan logjam on guns or send the debate to an eventual dead end?
As momentum grows on Capitol Hill to ban bump stocks, the rapid-fire gun modifications tied to the Las Vegas shooting, lawmakers are facing two paths to action — regulation or legislation.
The future of bump stocks may be decided by which course officials take.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Republicans Open Door to 'Bump Stop' Regulation 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The NRA is hoping to head off new legislation by calling on the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms to strengthen regulations on bump stocks through "the existing federal gun laws," as executive NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre said on Fox News Thursday night.
"If legislation worked, (the) Boston massacre wouldn't have happened. San Bernardino, where California has every gun law on the books, that wouldn't have happened,” LaPierre said.
President Donald Trump stands with National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre, right, and Chris W. Cox, executive director of the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action as he arrives for the National Rifle Association Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017 in Atlanta. Evan Vucci / AP
But gun control advocates, rather than praising the NRA's support for new restrictions, are dismissing it as meaningless lip service.
"We reject and oppose the NRA response," said Peter Ambler, the executive director of Americans for Responsible Solutions, the group started by former Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords. "What the NRA is trying to do is a very typical tactic from them. Obfuscate, delay…try and bury it."
Critics say the problem with the NRA's approach to bump stocks is that regulators have already concluded several times that "ATF does not have the authority to restrict their lawful possession, use, or transfer," as the agency wrote in a 2013 letter to Congress.
The National Firearms Act, which regulates automatic weapons (called machine guns in the law), mechanically rather than by how rapidly they shoot. "The term 'machine gun' means any weapon which shoots...automatically more than one shot...by a single function of the trigger,” the law states.
But bump stocks leave the mechanics of a gun untouched and the trigger is still technically activated on each shot, just at a much faster rate than is humanly possible without the modifications.
That leaves the ATF with little choice but to deem bump stocks legal under current law, said David Chipman, a former ATF agent.
"It's a case where technology has overwhelmed the law," said Chipman, who now works for Americans for Responsible Solution.
Some experts said the ATF is unlikely to change its ruling. The agency is under constant pressure from congressional gun-rights advocates, who regularly threaten to cut funding and have refused to confirm a director for years-long stretches. The agency has been without a Senate-confirmed leader since 2015.
"You have to understand how cautious ATF is," said Chipman, who spent 25 years at the agency. "They're not an organization that has the political backing to be aggressive in their rulings. It's just, keep your head down....that's the culture."
That's why even a growing number of Republicans have said the only way to deal with bump stocks is through new laws.
Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., listens during the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on "An Examination of FEMA's Limited Role in Local Land Use Development Decisions" on Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2016. Bill Clark / CQ Roll Call via AP file
"It's very clear to everyone here by now that this is a blatant circumvention of existing law," Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., who is pushing a bipartisan bill in the House, said on MSNBC Friday.
"To those who are saying we should just change the regulation, ATF should just change their interpretation — If they agree that these devices should be illegal, then lets codify it," he added. "Let's turn that into law so that a future ATF cannot reinterpret the legislation."
The stage is empty and slate grey. A single spotlight highlights a human brain on a table. Holding the brain in his hands, David Byrne, barefoot and dressed in an also slate grey suit sings “Here” from his latest American Utopia.
He presents the brain to the audience, explaining “Here is an area of great confusion / Here is a section that's extremely precise.”
Enlarge Photo by Todd Cooper
In my preview of the Byrne show, I said the singer's solo work has a tendency to get a little too up in his head for my tastes: forgetting the visceral for the cerebral, a balance better struck by his legendary former band the Talking Heads.
“So is this bit with the brain some kind of mea culpa?” I think to myself as I sit among the sold-out Hult Center crowd.
Apology accepted, Dave.
It doesn't take long for classic Heads tunes to show up.
First, “I Zimbra” off the Heads' 1979 classic Fear of Music. What follows is one of the most brilliantly conceived and executed rock shows I've ever seen.
Throughout, there's a synthesis of Byrne's voracious interest in global rhythms and song structures alongside new wave experimentation and Byrne's trademark postmodern anxiety.
There are plenty of Heads tunes: “Burning Down the House” and “Home.” The crowd erupts for the immortal Talking Heads mega-hit “Once in a Lifetime.” Byrne attacking the song like he's shot out of a cannon.
Overall, the American Utopia tour is an inspired deconstruction of the traditional, drummer here, lead guitar there, singer does this, rock show presentation. It's about space, both external and internal, theatrically maximizing the width and depth of the stage, the inner workings of Byrne's own mental machinery and the acute uneasiness of our current American moment.
There's a kind of choreography to the show. One minute, Byrne, his backup singers and the instrumentalists form minimal, geometric patterns on the stage, and the next they circle and weave, Carnivale style.
Enlarge Photo by Todd Cooper
At any given time, you see up to 12 players on the stage, with plenty of visual punchlines to the movement. Byrne and his backup singers dance to Utopia track “I Dance Like This” a little like stiff, middle-aged accountants practicing tai chi in Central Park.
Throughout, Byrne's newer stuff holds up well, particularly for the staging concept. Byrne faces stage left while singing to a glowing blue light just off stage. “I used to think that I should watch TV / I used to think that it was good for me,” from the song “I Should Watch TV,” off Love this Giant, Byrne's 2012 collaboration with St. Vincent.
As Byrne continues his tale of modern media overload, the band closes in on him oppressively before Byrne finally disappears into the curtain, defeated.
Every time I see a rock show at the Hult, I find what seems to be most unprepared-for-rock-music-revelry staff since Michelle Wolff did the White House Correspondents Dinner. But it's a gem of a hall in the center of our town, and the mixed crowd, ranging from evening wear to festival-kid extravagance, was genial — perfect for Byrne's high-concept performance.
In the end, Byrne's built an entire career making art out of his own discomfort, a celebration of the awkward. The American Utopia tour, however, finds Byrne loose, inspired and happy. “Every day is a miracle,” Byrne sings on the Utopia track of the same name. Thanks for the reminder, old friend. You've given us all a small little miracle tonight.
Photos by Todd Cooper
Adam Mills has returned to Needham Market after making a blistering start to the season with AFC Sudbury.
The 20-year-old linked up with The Yellows in the summer following a stint with Maldon & Tiptree and he went on to score 11 goals in 13 appearances from out wide.
MOVING ON: Dave Cowley has left AFC Sudbury
However, he has now rejoined Needham — the club he left in January 2016 following a dispute with newly-appointed AFC boss Mark Morsley.
Speaking to the Suffolk Free Press this week, Morsley expressed his desire to retain Mills' services for the long term.
“I will sit down with Adam and have a chat with him,” said Morsley, who stood down from his position as chairman of Needham's limited company to take on the Sudbury role.
“I will let him know that I want him to hang around for longer than his current contract runs. Adam has the footballing ability to play in the pro game.”
Nevertheless, Mills has instead opted to jump up to the Bostik League Premier Division with The Marketmen.
Talking to the club's website, Needham boss Richard Wilkins said of Mills: “Adam is a player that we've watched several times this season and I felt he was exactly what we needed.
“He is tenacious, quick and a constant threat. His work ethic will fit in well to our ethos and having previously been at the club I feel he will settle quickly.”
And Mills is the second player to have departed AFC today, with Dave Cowley also being released from his contract at the King's Marsh Stadium.
During his three spells in Sudbury colours, Cowley has made 90 appearances and scored 10 goals.
Morsley, meanwhile, has wasted little time in bringing in replacements with two new players arriving.
Former Norwich City frontman Jamie Eaton-Collins has joined from Concord Rangers and ex-Brightinglsea Regent attacker Jake Clowsley has signed on following a brief spell with Stanway Rovers.
The duo is set to feature in the squad for tomorrow's home Buildbase FA Trophy clash with Aylesbury United (3pm).
Do you love or hate group texts? What do you like or dislike about them? Are there any topics that you find fun or annoying to talk about in a group chat? What are they and why?
If you do ever find group texts bothersome, how do you deal with them?
Tell us in the comments, then read the related article to get more advice on what to do with chatty texts.
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) Alabama forward Braxton Key is declaring for the NBA draft after leading the team in scoring as a freshman.
The school said Monday Key won't hire an agent, giving him until May 24 to decide whether to return next season.
Key averaged 12.0 points per game last season while ranking second on the team in rebounding and assists. His numbers climbed in Southeastern Conference games, where he averaged 14.0 points and 6.1 rebounds.
He made the SEC All-Freshman team. Key was the league's freshman of the week on Jan. 30 after posting a combined 45 points and 18 rebounds in games against Georgia and Mississippi State.
He scored in double digits a team-high 20 times.
—
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org
Twitter said Monday that President Donald Trump's weekend tweet warning that North Korea "won't be around much longer!" didn't violate its terms of service, which it said it would clarify publicly at a later date.
Trump tweeted Sunday that if North Korea's foreign minister "echoed thoughts of Little Rocket Man [Trump's nickname for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un] they won't be around much longer!"
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2017
Five days earlier, Trump also tweeted that under certain circumstances, the United States "will have no choice but to destroy #NoKo."
In June, the White House said Trump's tweets "are considered official statements by the president of the United States."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jan. 20: 'Should I Keep the Twitter Going?' Trump Asks 0:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In a thread on its Public Policy page, the company said it had been asked why it didn't take down Trump's tweet in light of its rule reading: "You may not make threats of violence or promote violence, including threatening or promoting terrorism."
"We hold all accounts to the same rules, and consider a number of factors when assessing whether Tweets violate our Rules," the company said. "Among the considerations is 'newsworthiness' and whether a Tweet is of public interest."
Related: What Would It Take to Shut Down Trump on Twitter?
It acknowledged, however, that those guidelines were internal and that "we need to do better" on being transparent about its rules.
"We'll soon update our public-facing rules to reflect it," Twitter said.
Making those guidelines public could alleviate some of the criticism the social-media platform has come under since Trump announced his presidential campaign in 2015.
Related: Is President Donald Trump Good For Twitter's Bottom Line?
The company's publicly posted rules already ban "hateful conduct," including direct attacks on other people.
But since he launched his campaign, the president has tagged numerous people with insults like "low class snob," "perv sleazebag" and "low I.Q. crazy," — and he famously labeled his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, as "Crooked Hillary."
Here's the full thread Twitter posted on Monday:
THREAD: Some of you have been asking why we haven't taken down the Tweet mentioned here: https://t.co/CecwG0qHmq 1/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
We hold all accounts to the same Rules, and consider a number of factors when assessing whether Tweets violate our Rules 2/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
Among the considerations is "newsworthiness" and whether a Tweet is of public interest 3/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
This has long been internal policy and we'll soon update our public-facing rules to reflect it. We need to do better on this, and will 4/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
Twitter is committed to transparency and keeping people informed about what's happening in the world 5/6 — Twitter PublicPolicy (@Policy) September 25, 2017
Marcus Hutchins, the British cybersecurity researcher credited with stopping a worldwide ransomware attack in May, pleaded not guilty Monday to unrelated federal charges of creating and distributing his own well-known banking malware.
Hutchins, 23, of Ilfracombe, England, better known by the alias MalwareTech, could face as many as 40 years in prison if he's convicted on all six counts in the federal indictment (PDF), which accuses him of having created the notorious banking malware Kronos and of having conspired with an unidentified co-defendant to commit computer fraud beginning in July 2014.
British cybersecurity expert Marcus Hutchins was branded a hero for slowing the WannaCry global cyberattack in May. Frank Augstein / AP
Prosecutors haven't explained why Hutchins is being prosecuted in Wisconsin, and the grand jury indictment doesn't clarify matters much further, saying only that some of the alleged offenses occurred in Wisconsin "and elsewhere."
Hutchins remains free on $30,000 bail pending his next scheduled court appearance on Oct. 17. U.S. Magistrate Judge William E. Duffin loosened some of Hutchins' bail restrictions, allowing him to relocate to Los Angeles, near his legal team, and to resume using computers for work. He had been barred from using internet-connected devices after he was arrested Aug. 2 in Las Vegas, where he was attending the Black Hat and Def Con hacking conferences.
Hutchins had no comment as he left court, telling reporters only, "Thank you." But he resumed tweeting Monday evening, noting drily that "a few more issues need sorting out" before he can resume his normal routine.
Hoping I will be able to get back to working soon, but still a few more issues need sorting out. — MalwareTech (@MalwareTechBlog) August 14, 2017
Marcia Hoffman, an attorney for Hutchins, told reporters after the hearing that her client "will be fully vindicated."
"Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero," she said.
Hutchins is considered a hero because he is "MalwareTech," the once-mysterious white-hat hacker who discovered a "kill switch" for the WannaCry ransomware attack, which swept the globe in May. The so-called cryptoworm paralyzed computers running older versions of Microsoft Windows by encrypting users' files and demanding $300 to $600 to release them.
But the indictment paints Hutchins as something else altogether, describing him as a black-hat hacker who personally created Kronos — which it said "recorded and exfiltrated user credentials and personally identifying information from protected computers."
In an analysis in 2014, IBM researchers said Kronos — which went for $7,000 on the Russian underground market — worked by stealing the usernames and passwords of online banking customers, which could then be used to break into their accounts. It also featured special code that would prompt users to type in other highly sensitive information, like PIN numbers and security questions and answers.
GUADALAJARA, Mexico — Toronto FC was 4,000 kilometres away Monday when a rented van plowed into pedestrians with deadly results.
But coach Greg Vanney says the horrific attack was deeply felt by his team in Mexico as it prepared for Wednesday's return leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final with CD Guadalajara, known as Chivas.
“I think our group, probably as much or more than any group I've ever been around, really genuinely loves where they are and loves Toronto and all it has to offer and its people,” said the former U.S. international. “There isn't anybody on our team that isn't super-happy and excited being in Toronto. And everyone feels safe.”
Captain Michael Bradley called Toronto “one of the best cities in the world.”
“We're going to step on the field (Wednesday night) and play in a way where everybody back home in Toronto is proud,” said the U.S. national team skipper.
Vanney also hopes the MLS champions can give something back to the city when it looks to erase a 2-1 deficit from the first leg. Because of Chivas' away goals, a 1-0 win won't be enough for Toronto. TFC will need to win and score at least two goals on the night. A 2-1 victory, however, would send the game to extra time and possibly penalties.
“We've got to be smart,” said Vanney. “We can't just give away goals. But at the same time we know it's incumbent upon us to go score at least two.”
TFC has a large contingent in Guadalajara, having sent 11 starters to Mexico late last week. All but two or three of the reserve squad Toronto fielded in a 5-1 loss in Houston on Saturday continued on to Mexico.
The team had 20 players in training Monday, allowing Vanney to essentially field two full squads in training.
Fullback Justin Morrow and defender Chris Mavinga flew in Tuesday afternoon. Morrow has been ruled out through injury. While Mavinga will undergo a fitness test, he is considered unlikely to take part in the game.
Spanish playmaker Victor Vazquez, who has been sidelined by a nerve issue in his back, has trained. Vanney says barring a setback, Vazquez will be available “to play some role (Wednesday).”
Toronto FC is looking to become the first team from MLS to win the CONCACAF Champions League in its new format. The winner will secure a berth in the FIFA Club World Cup.
A Toronto victory would complete the MLS champion's trophy case after a 2017 season that saw the franchise win the Canadian Championship, Supporters' Shield and MLS Cup.
Toronto disposed of the Colorado Rapids and Mexico's Tigres UANL and Club America en route to the final.
“I like the mindset of our group going into this game,” said Vanney. “Obviously we would have preferred to come down here in slightly different circumstances score-wise but it is what it is.
“What we have as we arrive is clarity. Whenever you get into these second legs you know what the outcomes are that you have to play for … I think once this team has clarity, it can set its mind towards the mission for the night and guys will commit to it and they'll work and they'll run.”
Chivas will be bolstered by the return from suspension of goalkeeper Rodolfo Cota and defenders Jair Pereira and Edwin Herrera.
The side currently languishes in 17th spot in the 18-team Mexican league with a 3-7-6 record. Toronto, which has focused all of its resources on the CONCACAF Champions League, is last in the Eastern Conference with a 1-4-0 mark.
Toronto is only the third club in MLS history to appear in the final. Real Salt Lake (2011) and the Montreal Impact (2015) both lost to Mexican opposition.
Boxer Bowyn Morgan's recent win against Stevie Ferdinandus lifts him to second in the New Zealand pound-for-pound ratings behind WBO world heavyweight champion Joseph Parker.
Morgan now has a fight record of 14 wins and only one loss.
He adds a third belt to his collection of titles.
Morgan now holds the BO Asia Pacific welterweight adding to his NZNBF welterweight and the IBO super welterweight belts.
Bollywood star Saif Ali Khan will join the inimitable Karan Johar to host the 18th edition of the International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) Awards in New York next month. He says they have surprises in store.
Saif said in a statement: “I am happy to be back to the IIFA stage this year as I join my close friend Karan Johar to host the IIFA Awards in New York.
“The excitement for IIFA has been steadily growing worldwide. This year it's going to be super fun and glamorous in every way as Karan and I are going to have lots of surprises in store for our fans internationally.”
Bollywood's youth icon Varun Dhawan will make is make a debut at IIFA Awards with a performance and he will be also be seen co- hosting a segment of the star-studded awards night on July 15.
Varun said: “It's going to be a grand celebration and I can't wait to be there.”
To be held at the MetLife Stadium, the IIFA gala will be a celebration of Indian film, music, fashion and dance.
It will feature performances by Bollywood stars Salman Khan, Alia Bhatt, Katrina Kaif, Shahid Kapoor, Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon, to name a few.
A day before the main awards gala, IIFA Rocks will regale the audience with a celebration of 25 years of Oscar winning talent AR Rahman. It will also feature a medley of musicians including Rahman, Diljit Dosanjh, Benny Dayal, Javed Ali, Neeti Mohan, Jonita Gandhi and Haricharan Seshadri.
Riteish Deshmukh and Manish Paul will host IIFA Rocks.
Organised by Wizcraft International Entertainment, the excitement for the Bollywood event is already palpable in New York.
This is the second time that the IIFA extravaganza is taking place in the US. It was earlier held in Tampa Bay in 2014.
Jurors convict former store clerk of 1979 murder of six-year-old Etan Patz in New York.
Pedro Hernandez, a former SoHo store clerk, was convicted on Tuesday of the 1979 murder of six-year-old Etan Patz.
According to The New York Daily News, a Manhattan jury found Hernandez guilty of luring Patz into the basement of a bodega as he walked alone to his school bus stop and then strangling the boy on May 25, 1979.
The panel of eight men and four women took nine days to convict Hernandez, a schizophrenic who confessed to the crime in 2012.
A previous trial ended in a hung jury, with a lone holdout for acquittal, after 18 fruitless days of deliberations.
“The Patz family has waited a long time but we finally have found some measure of justice for our wonderful little boy Etan,” said the slain boy's father Stan, according to The Daily News.
“I'm really grateful that this verdict finally came back with what I have known for a long time, that this man Pedro Hernandez is guilty of doing something really terrible so many years ago,” added the father.
Jurors said they were convinced that the verdict was the right call in the case against Hernandez, 55, who lured Etan to his death with a bottle of soda.
“It is my hope that today's verdict provides the Patz family with the closure they so desperately deserved,” said Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance. “The disappearance of Etan Patz haunted families in New York and across the country for nearly four decades.”
The defense immediately announced they would appeal the conviction of Hernandez, who showed no visible reaction as the verdict was returned, noted The Daily News.
The Patz case caused a national furor at the time, with Etan becoming one of the first missing children to be pictured on milk cartons.
Lawyers for Hernandez argued the damning admissions were the result of a seven-hour police interrogation that cops did not record.
They said Hernandez's mental illness and history of delusions led him to falsely believe he was responsible. The killer has an IQ of just 70.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Formula 1 CEO Chase Carey has claimed $1billion of debt has been "eliminated", as owner Liberty Media revealed its financial results for the second quarter of 2017.
In April to June this year F1 recorded a 3% increase in revenues year-on-year, earning $616million.
However, operating income fell from $90m to $45m as expenses and others costs rose, with events like F1 Live in London being held in Liberty's first season in charge of grand prix racing.
An initial offering of 12.9million shares of common stock created net proceeds of $388m, which partially repaid a second lien term loan.
A subsequent refinancing of debt has reportedly enabled that loan to be repaid in full.
The repayments helped decrease the total debt attributed to F1 by $442m, but Carey said the moves "successfully eliminated an expensive $1bn tier" of debt.
He explained that the group had "repriced our remaining debt, and have also received upgrades from the ratings agencies.
"The combined effects will be to reduce annual interest expense by up to $90m going forward."
Carey said the company's expenses would rise as it continues to recruit senior staff but said its spending plans would be "refined" before the end of the year.
"The corporate head count has been sort of 70-75, and it has probably about doubled," said Carey. "We're still building it out.
"We've hired most of the senior executives, but we haven't built the team out fully.
"We don't really have an appropriate digital platform today, so there are investments that we've made to support a digital platform for us going forward.
"In the next few months for the first time we're refining our plans around that."
Liberty has also confirmed Carey's salary is tied to the financial performance of F1.
"The substantial majority of Chase's compensation is performance related, and tied into the operational performance at F1 directly, or the stock of the F1 Group," said Liberty boss Greg Maffei.
International Business Machines (NYSE: IBM) expects to return to earnings growth this year, and investors will be looking for solid results and reiterated guidance when the IT giant reports its first-quarter results on April 18. IBM's adjusted earnings per share peaked in 2013, declining for three-straight years as the company worked feverishly to transform itself into a cloud and cognitive computing powerhouse. That effort, while seemingly glacial at times, is now beginning to bear fruit.
Continue Reading Below
What analysts are expecting
IBM doesn't provide quarterly guidance, only an annual adjusted earning per share (EPS) target. That target for 2017 is at least $13.80, slightly above the average analyst estimate of $13.78. For the first quarter, analysts are expecting IBM to produce $2.35 in adjusted EPS, which is flat compared to the first quarter of 2016.
Analysts aren't expecting IBM to return to revenue growth anytime soon. The average estimate calls for a 1.6% year-over-year decline during the first quarter, a 1.6% decline in 2017, and a 0.1% decline in 2018. This outlook may end up being overly pessimistic, especially with earnings set to grow this year.
Image source: IBM.
One thing that complicates IBM's earnings: The company doesn't back out one-time items, even from its adjusted earnings numbers. 2016 was chock-full of one-off charges and benefits, and the company expects the first quarter to feature complications, as well. A discrete tax benefit is expected to boost EPS, while other actions are expected to partially offset that gain.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
IBM has beat analyst expectations for both earnings and revenue for the past five quarters after a long streak of missing on revenue. The first quarter could make it six in a row if IBM posts stronger-than-expected results.
Look for more turnaround progress
All of IBM's growth businesses, areas where it's investing heavily, are lumped together into what the company calls strategic imperatives. These strategic imperatives accounted for 41% of total revenue in 2016, while growing by 13% — an impressive result given the size of IBM. Total revenue still slumped, as the rest of the business suffered declines. But the inflection point where growth in newer businesses begins to outpace declines in older businesses appears to be near.
Cloud computing is one area within IBM's strategic imperatives that investors should focus on. IBM's cloud business spans infrastructure as a service, platform as a service, and software as a service, as well as private and hybrid cloud solutions. The company brought in $13.7 billion of cloud revenue in 2016, up 35%. Cloud delivered as a service reached an $8.6 billion annual revenue run rate, up 61% year over year.
A big part of IBM's cloud revenue is software as a service. Like many traditional software companies, IBM has been moving to a subscription business model over the past few years. This shift has the tendency to cause a decline in software revenue, since revenue that was once received up front gets spread out into the future. IBM's software business returned to growth in 2016, adjusted for currency, an indication that this new recurring revenue has become large enough to counteract declines in traditional software sales.
A dividend hike is almost guaranteed
IBM typically announces its annual dividend hike in late April, soon after its first-quarter report. Last year, it came on April 26. IBM has raised its dividend for 21 years in a row, and it's paid quarterly dividends without fail since 1916. Another dividend hike is almost certainly coming this year, which will push that streak up to 22 years and put IBM on the path to becoming a Dividend Aristocrat.
The size of the dividend increase may not be all that impressive. IBM's earnings have been declining for three years, and earnings growth in 2017 will be sluggish, according to the company's guidance. IBM paid out $5.60 per share in dividends in 2016, about 40% of its earnings guidance for this year. There's room for the dividend to grow faster than earnings, but I wouldn't be surprised to see IBM be conservative with this year's dividend increase.
IBM has reached an important milestone in its transformation — predicting the first annual earnings increase since 2013. The stock has soared since bottoming out in early 2016, up nearly 40% from its multi-year low. With the stock still trading for just 12.3 times earnings guidance, continued progress can push the stock much higher in the coming years.
10 stocks we like better than IBM
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and IBM wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Timothy Green owns shares of IBM. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
(AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar). Washington Capitals' Brett Connolly (10) checks Pittsburgh Penguins' Olli Maatta (3) during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Pittsburgh, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar). Pittsburgh Penguins' Carl Hagelin celebrates his goal against the Washington Capitals during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Pittsburgh, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar). Washington Capitals' Alex Ovechkin celebrates his goal against the Pittsburgh Penguins during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Pittsburgh, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar). Pittsburgh Penguins' Carl Hagelin celebrates his goal against the Washington Capitals during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Pittsburgh, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar). Pittsburgh Penguins' Phil Kessel (81) celebrates his goal with Jake Guentzel (59) and Riley Sheahan (15) during the first period of an NHL hockey game against the Washington Capitals in Pittsburgh, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018.
By WILL Grave
AP Sports Writer
PITTSBURGH (AP) - The Pittsburgh Penguins spent the first three months of the regular season looking tired, lethargic, blah.
Then the calendar flipped to January and the urgency the Penguins lacked for long stretches as they slogged through their opening 40 games returned. So did the goals. Now they're coming bunches and so are the wins. And suddenly a legitimate shot at a three-peat doesn't seem quite so far-fetched after all.
Phil Kessel scored twice and picked up an assist, Evgeni Malkin had two goals and two assists, and the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions pulled away late for a 7-4 victory over the Washington Capitals on Friday night.
"Now we feel so much better, we enjoy playing," Malkin said. "We know we can score so many goals."
Bryan Rust, Carl Hagelin and Patric Hornqvist also scored as the Penguins won their fourth straight to draw within four points of first-place Washington in the crowded Metropolitan Division. Sidney Crosby had two assists to push his scoring streak to 11 games, the longest active streak in the NHL.
Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for Pittsburgh, which won its seventh consecutive home game by jumping on the Capitals before using a four-goal outburst in the third period to fend off a Washington comeback thanks in part the NHL's top-ranked power play. The Penguins scored three times with the man advantage, including twice in the third on goals by Rust and Malkin.
"In all my years around this league, I haven't been around a group as dynamic as this," Penguins coach Mike Sullivan said.
Alex Ovechkin scored twice to push his season total to an NHL-best 32 and Dmitry Orlov and Evgeny Kuznetzov also scored for the Capitals, but Washington couldn't keep pace.
Braden Holtby finished with 27 saves but gave up three goals in the opening 8 minutes of the third period before being pulled in favor of Phillpp Grubauer as Pittsburgh broke open a tight game.
"We can play better," Capitals coach Barry Trotz said. "We were a little loose with the puck at times, so it'll be a good lesson for us."
The Penguins improved to 10-3 since New Year's Day, a stretch in which they've climbed from 10th in the Eastern Conference to within striking distance of Washington with still two months to go before the postseason.
The prospect of another potential playoff showdown looms, even if the outcome tends to be one-sided when the longtime rivals meet in the spring. Their seemingly annual postseason series usually ends with the Penguins skating on to the next round while Washington wonders how it let it get away once again.
While it's far too early to panic or even project, the Capitals understand they can't give up three power-play goals and go 0 for 3 with the man advantage and expect to keep pace.
"When we play 5-on-5, we have a better chance," Ovechkin said. "I think our power play has to get better, for sure. You can't get that many chances and not know how to score, not know how to play at this stage."
Pittsburgh never trailed and never wavered after the Capitals erased 2-0, 3-2 and 4-3 deficits. Kuznetzov tied it at 3 when he flipped a bouncing puck in the slot by Murray 11:57 into the second to give Washington a shot at picking up its seventh victory this season in a game in which it trailed by at least two goals.
Not this time. Malkin put in his own rebound 1:01 into the third to put the Penguins back in front. Ovechkin evened it just 49 seconds later after a slick cross-ice feed from Kuznetzov, but Pittsburgh simply kept on coming.
Rust picked up his third goal in his last two games to put the Penguins ahead to stay, Kessel followed with his second of the night and 23rd of the season to chase Holtby. Malkin finished the outburst with his team-leading 28th of the season, 14 of which have come since Jan. 1.
NOTES: Hornqvist left in the third period with a lower-body injury after being hit by Washington D Brooks Orpik and did not return. Hornqvist will be re-evaluated on Saturday and will not travel with the team when it faces New Jersey on Saturday night. ... Pittsburgh F Carter Rowney played 9:05 in his return after missing a month with an upper-body injury. ... The Penguins scratched D Chad Ruhwedel, D Matt Hunwick and injured F Conor Sheary (lower-body). ... Washington scratched D Taylor Chorney and F Jakub Vrana.
UP NEXT
Capitals: Host Las Vegas on Sunday.
Penguins: Face the Devils for the first time this season on Saturday.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Lionel Blair, Entertainer, age 88
Age is nothing to be ashamed of
I always used to lie about my age. I didn't want TV companies to hire someone younger. But now I tell everybody! I'm proud that I'm still tap dancing at 88. I have a power plate machine at home, which keeps everything jiggling and shaking and moving!
Bickering is best
It's my golden-wedding anniversary this year, and Susan and I love each other so much. I think the secret to a long marriage is to do as much as possible together. We argue a lot, but that clears the air!
Just say no
When you're young, you say yes to everything that comes along, but actually the world doesn't stop turning just because you turn things down.
If I had my time again
With hindsight, I do wish I'd done more drama. I'd love to be a baddie in EastEnders. Perhaps it's not too late.
Sheila Ferguson, soul singer, age 69
Friends matter
It has altered my life. It made me address issues that I have been sweeping under the carpet for years, and it made me plan for the end of my life. I live in a big empty house in Majorca, which is beautiful, but all my friends are in the UK. If I fell down, I could be dead for a week and nobody would find me. So I'm selling up and coming home
You're never too old to date
Loneliness. Seven years after my partner [theatre technician Jon Curry] died, I've decided I'm going to start dating again. If I don't find a man to spend the rest of my life with, at least the quality of my life will be better. Being alone can be wonderful, but I don't want to finish my life that way.
If I could have my life over
I'm not the kind of person who thinks, “Woulda coulda shoulda”. I made decisions based on the knowledge I had at the time. I think your instincts are 90 per cent likely to be right, so if you follow them, you can't go too far wrong.
Miriam Stoppard, Agony aunt, age 79
Nothing beats grandchildren
I have 11 grandchildren, with one more on the way, and I value them very much. They are a very high priority for me.
We've lost our way
In India we saw people living very simple, pure lives, with not very much, and it did make me think that somewhere in the West, we've gone off course. I can't retire to India because I couldn't leave my grandchildren. But I will spend a few months of the year there.
Sitting down kills you
I exercise every day. I walk for two hours, I do hill climbs on my spinning bike, and I go to the gym once a week. All the research that I read tells me that sitting down kills you. And exercise isn't just good physically, it's good mentally, too. Your brain loves exercise.
There is a good death
I'm hoping I'll keel over in the flowerbed while dead-heading the roses. Nice and quick, doing something I love.
Laughter really is the best medicine
I'll tell you a little secret. Every time you laugh, your T-cells go up, and T-cells are part of your immune system. So if you have a good laugh, your T-cells get a boost that will last all weekend, and ward off illness.
Dennis Taylor, snooker commentator, age 68
Laughing keeps you young
I play a lot of golf with the comedian Stan Boardman, and he never stops laughing. He is the fittest 79-year-old I've seen.
Listen to grandpa
Growing up in Ireland, my grandfather told me England was the greatest country in the world because, if you're prepared to work, you can earn money. So I came over aged 17 and did a variety of things, including working 12-hour shifts in a paper mill, seven days a week.
When I became a professional snooker player I grafted hard, and I became quite good at it, and it's afforded me all these opportunities. I wouldn't change a thing.
Family matters
Indians are so family orientated. We tend to forget to put our families first. You've got to make sure you enjoy every minute with them.
Don't be scared to be yourself
There's a gap between how you see yourself, and how other people see you. I was on Strictly in 2005 and one night at an event, some girls dragged me on to the dance floor. I heard one saying, “Oh, it's just like dancing with Hugh Heffner.” So I didn't get back on the dance floor for a few years after that!
Live every day to the max
Back in 1984, my mum died suddenly when I was at a snooker tournament. She was only 62, and had had a massive heart attack. From that day, I've never really worried about anything. Every time I have a good day, that's another little tick in the book, because you don't know when it's all going to be over.
The Real Marigold Hotel series two is on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC1
A privately owned Dubai satellite television channel is shutting down amid an economic slowdown caused by low oil prices.
Staff at the English-language channel City7 said Tuesday they were in the process of shutting down. They spoke on condition of anonymity as they feared repercussions.
The channel is owned by BinHendi Enterprises, a private firm with a variety of interests in retail and other industries. Telephone calls to the company's headquarters rang unanswered Tuesday and no one responded to emails requesting comment.
The TV channel's demise brings more media job losses to the oil-rich United Arab Emirates, a federation of seven sheikhdoms on the Arabian Peninsula.
A state-backed, English-language newspaper in Abu Dhabi called The National laid off some of its staff Sunday.
The Milwaukee Bucks (16-16) will host the Oklahoma City Thunder (21-13) on Monday night. Here is how to watch this NBA game online.
There are eight NBA games on the slate for Monday, Jan. 2. One of those games will be between the Oklahoma City Thunder (21-13) and the Milwaukee Bucks (16-16). Tipoff from the BMO Harris Bradley Center will be at 7:00 p.m. ET.
FOX Sports Oklahoma will carry the game in the Greater Oklahoma City area. FOX Sports Wisconsin will have the telecast in the Greater Milwaukee area. Since this game will not be nationally televised, the available live stream can be found on NBA League Pass, which requires a subscription.
Oklahoma City enters play at 21-13 on the season and in fifth place in the Western Conference. The Thunder are tied atop the Northwest Division standings with the Utah Jazz (21-13). Oklahoma City won its most recent game over the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday night, 114-88. The Thunder have gone 6-4 in their last 10 and are 8-7 away from Chesapeake Energy Arena this year.
Milwaukee enters play at 16-16 on the season and in seventh place in the Eastern Conference. The Bucks trail the Cleveland Cavaliers (25-7) by nine games in the Central Division standings. Milwaukee won its most recent game on the road over the rival Chicago Bulls on Saturday night, 116-96. The Bucks have gone 5-5 in their last 10 games and are 10-7 at the BMO Harris Bradley Center this year.
Date: Monday, Jan. 2
Time: 7:00 p.m. ET
Location: Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Venue: BMO Harris Bradley Center
TV Info: FSOK, FSWI
Live Stream: NBA League Pass
According to OddsShark.com, the Bucks will be laying 1.5 points at home to the visiting Thunder. The associated moneylines for this game are Milwaukee -130 and Oklahoma City +110. This game's over/under comes in at a combined 211 points.
This is a League Pass game if there ever was one. Russell Westbrook vs. Giannis Antetokounmpo. Sit back and enjoy two of the most dynamic players in the NBA today going head-to-head in Milwaukee on Monday night.
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
The Duke of Orléans and his brother, King Louis XIV, kick off their final season in style as George Blagden and Alexander Vlahos return
Versailles may be coming to an end after series three airs on BBC2, but King Louis XIV (George Blagden) and his court look set to send the show off in dramatic and sumptuous fashion.
Advertisement
Exclusive first look images from the first episode of the new series reveal how Philippe (Alexander Vlahos) arrives home from the war against the Dutch to a hero's welcome, while Louis celebrates the French victory.
But Versailles wouldn't be Versailles without a little drama now, would it? It's not long before a new visitor threatens to cause trouble at the palace.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Philippe's preoccupied with a mystery involving a man in an iron mask, which he's rather determined to solve…
A common backyard mosquito can be infected with the Zika virus and it may pass the virus along in its eggs, researchers reported Friday.
The findings add to worries that the Asian tiger mosquito, scientifically known as Aedes albopictus, could help spread the virus as mosquito season hits temperate regions of the world.
Estimated range of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus in the United States, 2016. CDC
The study, published in the Journal of Medical Entomology, doesn't prove that tiger mosquitoes can spread Zika, which causes severe birth defects. But it adds to evidence that they might.
Chelsea Smartt of the Florida Medical Entomology Laboratory and the University of Florida and colleagues hatched eggs from Aedes albopictus mosquitoes gathered during a 2015 outbreak of Zika in Brazil. When they ground up the mosquitoes that grew from those eggs — male and female — they found genetic pieces of Zika.
"Our results mean that Aedes albopictus may have a role in Zika virus transmission and should be of concern to public health," Smartt said in a statement.
"This mosquito is found worldwide, has a wide range of hosts and has adapted to colder climates."
Related: New maps show where Zika mosquitoes live in US
The main carrier of Zika is Aedes aegypti, or the yellow fever mosquito. It needs warm, tropical climates to thrive.
Aedes albopictus, easily identified by its stripey white legs and daytime biting habits, arrived in Texas in 1985. It's much more tolerant of cold temperatures, thrives more in the suburbs than in the cities and now lives in 40 U.S. states.
So far, home-grown Zika has only been found in the U.S. in two places - south Florida and south Texas. But travelers infected with Zika have been diagnosed all across the country.
Related: Zika Mosquitoes Can Infect Their Eggs
It takes people plus mosquitoes to spread a virus like Zika. The mosquitoes bite actively infected people, incubate the virus for a while, and then bite other people to spread it.
“ This mosquito is found worldwide, has a wide range of hosts and has adapted to colder climates.”
Mosquitoes don't go far, so outbreaks die out unless many people become infected and keep spreading it back to mosquitoes. Sometimes an animal can act as a reservoir — birds can keep West Nile Virus spreading, for instance.
Related: New Study Shows 10 Percent of Pregnancies Affected if Zika Hits
Now the question is how well the virus lives in the bodies of the Asian tiger mosquito. Simply finding a virus in a mosquito does not necessarily mean the mosquito spreads the virus. The virus must replicate in the insect's salivary glands to be transmitted in a bite.
"The fact that you find it in Aedes albopictus is not surprising," said Dr. Peter Hotez, dean of the School of Tropical Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.
"The question is how important it is for transmission."
More study is needed, the University of Florida team said.
"The detection of Zika virus RNA from five adult Ae. albopictus reared from eggs collected during the 2015 outbreak in Camaçari, Bahia, Brazil, is consistent with the potential for vertical or sexual transmission of Zika virus by Ae. albopictus; however, evidence supporting this was not conclusive," they wrote.
But related viruses, including dengue, yellow fever, West Nile, Japanese encephalitis, and St. Louis encephalitis viruses, have been spread from parents to eggs in several species of mosquitoes.
Lessons on safe sleep practices for low-income parents, and 200 portable cribs. That's what a $20,000 contract represented for a St. Louis nonprofit, before the Missouri Department of Health decided not to renew it this fall.
“We were told they are switching their focus … to violence prevention,” said Lori Behrens, executive director of Infant Loss Resources. “It's hard to argue with the need for that.”
The crib donation program is one of the most commonly requested items offered by Infant Loss Resources, Behrens said. The change comes alongside deep cuts to social services in Missouri's budget, which Republican Gov. Eric Greitens signed in June.
Other organizations are experiencing even steeper losses. But Behrens' group and other nonprofits working to prevent infant deaths in the St. Louis area decided they could try and make up the difference.
“At a time when we're trying to address safe infant sleep and address infant mortality, to lose a funding source that's directly related to one of the most common ways that babies lose their lives was a tough hit,” said Nurses for Newborns CEO Melinda Ohlemiller. “This quite simple thing … it has a huge impact.”
The groups are ramping up their efforts to collect and distribute portable cribs before Jan. 1, Ohlemiller said. Her organization also accepts cash donations. A $100 contribution pays for the crib and a staff member to go over safe sleep practices with a new parent, she said.
Those practices are known as the A, B, C's: Babies should sleep alone, on their back, and in a crib or bassinet that meets safety standards. If a family doesn't own a crib, meeting those standards becomes harder.
About 3,500 U.S. infants die each year from sleep-related deaths, a number that has not declined in recent years, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics.
“If the family's stress level is high, or their house is cold, or they have to get up really early the next morning, all of those things can impact that decision,” Ohlemiller said. “Am I going to keep the baby in bed with me even though it might not be the safest thing?”
Follow Durrie on Twitter: @durrieB.
Checks and Balances…
One of the least understood aspects of congressional oversight is the elite group of elected politicians who are charged with congressional oversight over all intelligence activity. This highly important oversight group is called the Intelligence “Gang of Eight”.
The Gang of Eight are briefed on every covert operation that our various intelligence agencies carry out. They are directly responsible for oversight of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI).
The Go8 are responsible for overseeing all executive office policy as it relates to intelligence gathering and corresponding activity. In short these eight elected representatives are in charge of all oversight of all U.S. intelligence operations, open and covert. The incoming 2017 Gang of Eight is:
A position within the Gang of Eight comes as a result of holding one of the following eight positions: 1. The Speaker of the House, 2. The Minority Leader of the House, 3. the Majority Leader of the Senate, 4. the Minority Leader of the Senate, 5. the Chairperson of the House Permanent Committee on Intelligence, 6. the minority leader from the same committee; 7. The Chairperson of the Senate Intelligence Committee and 8. the minority leader of the same committee.
It is important to understand that everything the White House, CIA, NSA, and U.S State Department does is approved by these eight members who are accountable to the U.S. electorate. These eight representatives are the intelligence oversight “check” within the constitutionally established check and balance inside our federal government.
It is also important to understand that nothing ever happens without these eight members of congress being briefed on the occurrence. If the United States are carrying out a covert CIA mission in Benghazi, these representative would know about and have approved. If the United States is carrying out a covert CIA effort in Syria, these eight members would have to approve.
If President Obama or President Trump sign a “Presidential Finding Memo” granting the CIA authority to begin formulating a strategy or covert mission, these eight people hold the oversight responsibility to ensure the constitutional and legislative laws -which would govern any executive action- are followed.
♦ There are only three Gangs of Eight members remaining from the time of the September 11th 2012 Benghazi attack in Libya (Pelosi, McConnell and Feinstein).
♦Five of the 2012 Gang of Eight members have resigned or retired from Congress (John Boehner -R, Mike Rogers -R, Harry Reid – D, Charles Ruppersberger -D, and Saxby Chambliss – R). This is not accidental.
If there is a U.S. policy that blows up into controversy, and is directly attached to the intelligence community, the Gang of Eight is just as culpable as the administration and intelligence agency itself.
This specific construct puts the most powerful Democrats and most powerful Republicans on the same hook as the administration and agency. In the modern UniParty era, this construct also means neither party has any objective toward truthfulness. Both parties are at risk.
This UniParty construct is why we knew the House Select Committee on Benghazi was never going to go anywhere. John Boehner, Mitch McConnell, Mike Rogers and Saxby Chambliss were just as responsible as President Obama, Secretary Clinton and CIA Director Leon Panetta.
When you consider all of President Obama's foreign policy failures, it is critical to remind yourself of the Republican's who held oversight on every CIA endeavor.
Never forget this undisclosed motive to advance cover-ups.
It is also never discussed in the media.
My spidey senses are telling me that understanding these facts, and understanding the construct of this oversight, will be an important reference point for all Americans in the very near future.
'If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier,' Trump advises
Donald Trump showed off his IT security credentials at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the best way to keep secrets from hackers is a huge air gap.
"No computer is safe," he told journalists gathered at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, a warning many computer security professionals would probably endorse.
Trump also shared his advice on managing data security risks. Forget switching to TLS or quantum key exchange: "If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier," he said, according to a report from Associated Press.
Trump's suggestion -- echoing his July 29 infosec advice for military commanders -- would put the biggest of airgaps around secret communications, ensuring that they could not be hacked into from afar. If he were to apply it to government communications, though, it would leave officials needing a veritable army of trustworthy little hands to carry messages.
The security -- or otherwise -- of email servers was a hot topic during the presidential election campaign, with Trump making much of opponent Hilary Clinton's use of a private server to host official government emails during her time as Secretary of State, and even encouraging Russian hackers to try to find emails she had deleted.
Despite this encouragement, Trump has been dismissive of allegations that Russia attempted to influence the election through hacking.
When U.S. President announced sanctions against Russia last week over attempts to hack the Democratic National Committee, Trump told reporters: "I think we ought to get on with our lives."
Trump has arranged to meet with U.S. intelligence officials to discuss the allegations next week, and said at the New Year's Eve event, that he wants U.S. them "to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge."
Such allegations can be difficult to substantiate, he warned.
"I know a lot about hacking," he said, "And hacking is a very hard thing to prove, so it could be somebody else."
United Airlines won't forget Dr. David Dao.
The company's chief executive, Oscar Munoz, said Monday that Dao's forced, bloodied — and viral — removal from a flight that he had paid for last week would serve as a "watershed moment" for the airline.
Oscar Munoz, chief executive officer of United listens during a discussion at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce aviation summit in Washington on March 2, 2017. Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg via Getty Images
"The incident that took place aboard Flight 3411 has been a humbling experience and I take full responsibility," Munoz said in a statement accompanying its better-than-anticipated first-quarter earnings report. "This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company."
Dao, 69, suffered a broken nose, a concussion and he lost two front teeth after refusing to leave the April 13 flight from Chicago to his home state of Kentucky.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Crisis in 'The Friendly Skies' of United 4:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The airline had said that it needed room on the sold-out flight for four additional crew members, and it randomly selected Dao and three others to leave the plane in exchange for $800 vouchers.
Dao refused, and cell phone video showed Chicago Department of Aviation officers dragging him from his seat. Dao, dazed and bloodied, reportedly returned to the airplane, explaining that he needed to get home because he was a doctor with patients to treat.
Related: Doctor Dragged Off United Flight Stands to Gain in a Lawsuit, Experts Say
What happened to Dao, however, is just one in a string of recent publicity nightmares for the airline.
Last month, after a United gate agent at Denver International Airport barred female passengers from boarding because their leggings violated the airline's clothing policy, an angry witness accused the company on Twitter of policing women's clothing.
1) A @united gate agent isn't letting girls in leggings get on flight from Denver to Minneapolis because spandex is not allowed? — Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) March 26, 2017
The outrage was swift, especially on social media, where people called the company sexist and clamored for a boycott.
United, meanwhile, said it was merely enforcing stricter clothing rules for so-called "pass riders" — or passengers traveling as friends and family of the airline.
"There is a dress code for pass travelers as they are representing UA when they fly," the airline said.
Related: United Fiasco: How Do Airlines Select Who to Remove From Overbooked Flights?
Last week, a scorpion fell out of an overhead bin on a flight between Houston and Calgary, stinging a man and leaving him with non-life threatening injuries, and on Saturday, a couple traveling to their wedding in Costa Rica were booted them from their flight after a dispute over their seats.
Back at United HQ, Munoz insisted that the company will rehabilitate its battered reputation.
"We are more determined than ever to put our customers at the center of everything we do," his statement said. "We are dedicated to setting the standard for customer service among U.S. airlines."
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been explaining his decision to sell striker Olivier Giroud to rivals Chelsea.
The France international, who had played for the Gunners since 2012, was offloaded to the Blues on transfer deadline day.
Speaking at his press conference this morning, Wenger discussed the deal, which was connected to Chelsea's Michy Batshuayi being allowed to join Borussia Dortmund, and Dortmund striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang moving to the Gunners.
Wenger told reporters: “It was linked with the Aubameyang deal and he has just had a third baby so it was difficult on the family side for him to leave London. It was difficult to turn down [Chelsea's offer] just because it is an opponent.
“He was massively popular in the dressing room and the club, for all the players that left it was sad to see them go, but Olivier wanted more playing time – he wants as well to go to the World Cup. That is why I opened the door.”
You can hear Wenger's comments about allowing Giroud to join Chelsea in the video below.
More Related Stories
Her World | All About Her Hubby, I Faked the Big ‘O' Can women really fake an orgasm without their men suspecting it? Well, we asked three women to pretend to climax...
Amazon is now hiring full-time and part-time workers at its fulfillment warehouse in Hebron.
The three day hiring event will end Thursday, June 15 at the Westin Hotel in downtown Cincinnati from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Amazon is offering on the spot job offers where you could walk in and land a job the same day.
Full-time positions at Amazon offer stock awards program, 401(k) with company match and tuition assistance through the Amazon Career Choice program.
In a part-time job at Amazon, you can work a schedule that fits in with your life. With multiple schedule options available, you'll be able to work around the needs of your family, your class schedule, or even another job.
Be sure to bring your identification.
Acceptable documents can be found here. You can bring either one from List A or one from List B and one from List C.
The full and part-time jobs pay just over $12 an hour.
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.
Wisconsin center Ethan Happ is coming back for his senior year.
The three-time All-Big Ten performer announced the decision via Twitter just hours before the 11:59 p.m. deadline to withdraw from the NBA draft.
Advertisement
Though not invited to the scouting combine earlier in May, Happ did have multiple workouts with teams, including the Milwaukee Bucks, Los Angeles Lakers and Golden State Warriors. But he didn't hire an agent, which allowed him to retain his eligibility.
Happ returns to a program that missed the NCAA tournament last season for the first time since 1998, but that has a chance to bounce back this fall. Wisconsin should have a healthy Brad Davison, Kobe King and D'Mitrik Trice, while also seeing another year of development from promising front court players in Nate Reuvers and Aleem Ford.
The Illinois product will also have a chance to leave his name all over the Wisconsin record books. If he puts together a similar season to last year, Happ will own the school record for rebounding, and finish in the top-3 in scoring, assists, blocks and steals.
Comments
comments
Fresh off the incredible success of his latest album, K.O.D., J. Cole returns with a new music video for the song “Kevin's Heart.” The video, directed by Cole and Scott Lazer, stars–get this–Kevin Hart, who cheekily plays himself as he deals with an imagined fallout of his real cheating scandal. Hart goes on a routine day of grocery shopping and getting dinner while he's stared at by judgmental faces who know about his infidelities for video for a song about a man who committed infidelities and is dealing with the repercussions of his actions. If nothing else, J. Cole is good for being painfully literal.
Watch the video below.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa — “Day Zero” is approaching as South Africa's showcase city of Cape Town prepares to turn off most water taps amid the worst drought in a century. Tensions among the four million residents are highlighting a class divide.
The top international tourist destination has both sprawling informal settlements and high-income oceanside neighbourhoods. Some say poorer residents are unfairly blamed as concerns rise over wasting precious water.
The Associated Press is exploring how residents are coping, and it spoke with researchers about where the water usage problems lie.
Kirsty Carden with the Future Water Institute at the University of Cape Town points to the city's leafy suburbs. “They are much more profligate in the way that they use water, because they're used to the water just being, coming out of the taps.”
I'm no expert about Syria, so why these blogposts? The initial stimulus was realising that people of good will and similar ethics can have some markedly contrasting views of the situation in Syria. This was a puzzle to me. And given the gravity of what's at stake, I felt an obligation to try and solve it.
The basic disagreement could not be explained by familiar sorts of political bias. It cuts across left-right and authoritarian-libertarian lines; a person's stance on it can not even be predicted by their stance, say, on Palestine, or Cuba. Attitudes to Russia can be a better indicator, but if my own case is anything to go by, this has nothing particularly to do with political views and is anyway an effect rather than a cause. What Putin says about Syria tend to resonate with what I've come to think; I have never thought that any statement was true because Putin made it. I also just don't think it very intellectually mature or responsible to suppose that something is false because he says it!
Still, it is understandable that people would rather accept the consensus view of our news outlets, especially since it is echoed by the vast majority of our politicians and opinion formers, along with NGOs like Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, and MSF. They present Assad as the problem in Syria and regime change as the solution.
The general public do not perceive that view as a controversial one. It seems established beyond the range of normal political debate that ‘Assad must go'. ‘Assad's regime' is regarded, like Hitler's, as beyond the pale of reasonable disagreement. The only kind of debate there can be on this basis is whether Assad is as bad as Hitler. In fact, US spokesperson Sean Spicer recently suggested Hitler was less bad.
As karma would have it, the hapless Spicer also let us know, with a slip of the tongue, that America's “first goal is to destabilise Syria”.
Should we believe the official narrative or the one that, while suppressed, still sometimes slips out? I have asked this question of reports from Channel 4, from BBC, from Amnesty International, from Doctors Without Borders, and from UK Government. I've shared my findings in the five blogs respectively linked. I have concluded that none of those reports provides credible evidence to support the mainstream account of what has been happening in Syria these past six years.
I ask nobody to take my word for it, though, and I would urge everybody, who gets the chance, to look more closely for yourself. This is not a matter on which any established authority should simply be assumed reliable.
It is not a matter of normal political loyalties. On Syria I now have more faith in the views of Peter Hitchens or Peter Oborne writing in the Daily Mail, for instance, than in those of George Monbiot in the Guardian; I got blocked on Twitter by Paul Mason for asking an awkward question; I've even questioned the wisdom of a statement by Caroline Lucas (here). I feel all the more resolutely ecologically socialist for recognising that independently conservative thought can sometimes be more astutely resistant than that of progressives to the deceptions of a delinquent neoliberal globalism.
The issue here is not a normal part of political argument. Politics can even serve to distract us from what I believe is a serious matter of truth against war. The agenda underlying foreign states' investment in the war in Syria is continuous with what came to fruition in Iraq and Libya. We have good reasons to fear that it will lead on to a still more catastrophic confrontation with Iran and even Russia.
Perhaps that's why those who do not accept the mainstream narrative can be presented as ‘siding with the Russians', who don't want war either! But I'd go further and say there are people of no nation on this planet who want war. That is why we should not let ourselves be deceived into thinking that anything we truly want can only be achieved at the price of war.
As for the war in Syria, please don't believe me. Please just don't let yourself be deceived. This is too important, not only for you and me, but for our children, and everyone else too. Please ask questions about who wants war and why, and please then think about how they can be stopped from getting it.
…
Afterword
Who do I believe? I tend to believe those I find sincere and whose statements are coherent, consistent, and not belied by their actions. I believe ISIS when they say they want to destroy the Syrian secular state and create their caliphate. I believe Al Qaeda and the multitude of other Islamist terror organisations that threaten terrible violence of the kind they routinely execute. I believe the ordinary people who live in Syria and say they just want to be left to live their lives in peace. I find I also believe, on the basis of scores of interviews I've now seen, that the Syrian president is doing all he can to fulfil the wish of the latter against threats of the former. I believe his claims that the foreign states' regime change agenda has nothing to do with trying to do right by the Syrian people. If that makes me an ‘Assad Apologist', I make no apology. For anyone who thinks Iraq or Libya today have better governance than Syria's government-protected areas do is not someone I would feel capable of debating with. Of course, Syria could do a lot better still, and the Syrian people should be free to choose their government. My instinct, for what it's worth, tells me that Bashar Al Assad and the First Lady Asma Al Assad long for such a day to come. But the nation's sovereignty has first to be fully restored.
I have stopped believing reports about Syria from Amnesty International, an organisation I actively supported for two decades. For no report I have seen produces credible evidence to support its claims about the war crimes and crimes against humanity allegedly committed by the Syrian government. I illustrate this here, and here, and I further show how the organisation has been captured by people with no interest in human rights here. I fear there seems to be a similar problem even in some parts of MSF's organisation. As for the news outlets, with almost nobody on the ground, they provide little coverage of areas that are under legitimate government, while, from occupied areas, they rely heavily on terrorist sources like Al Qaeda, under its various rebrandings. And our government? It provides funds, weapons and training for Al Qaeda. Some of this goes into the PR campaign sustained as White Helmets. If you are inclined to believe what the White Helmets say, then I suggest you watch the Oscar-winning documentary about them and ask yourself one simple question: where are the terrorists? I assume that anyone who is reading these words does not need me to make any comment about poor little Bana Alabed. But you might know people who do, so please be gentle with them. We are all at different stages of learning about how we are misled.
Advertisements
MINNEAPOLIS - Prince's heirs have sued Walgreens and the Illinois hospital that treated the music superstar after he suffered from an opioid overdose, alleging that a doctor and various pharmacists failed to provide Prince with reasonable care, contributing to his death.
The wrongful-death lawsuit filed in Cook County, Illinois, alleges a doctor and pharmacist at Trinity Medical Center in Moline, Illinois, failed to appropriately treat and investigate Prince's April 15, 2016, overdose, and that he died "as a direct and proximate cause of one or more ... deviations from the standards of care."
It accuses Walgreen Co. and pharmacists at two of its Minnesota branches of "dispensing prescription medications not valid for a legitimate medical purpose."
Walgreens and the hospital's parent company both declined to comment Monday, citing pending litigation.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park studio compound in suburban Minneapolis on April 21, 2016. An autopsy found he died of an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic opioid 50 times more powerful than heroin.
Authorities said it was likely Prince didn't know he was taking the dangerous drug, which was laced in counterfeit pills made to look like a generic version of the painkiller Vicodin. The source of those pills is unknown and no one has been charged in Prince's death.
A week before he died, Prince passed out on a flight home from an Atlanta concert and the private plane made an emergency stop in Moline. The musician had to be revived with two doses of a drug that reverses effects of an opioid overdose.
At Trinity Medical Center, Prince refused medical tests but was asked what drugs he took. Documents show a pill that he had with him, which was marked as Vicodin, was sent to the pharmacy for testing. A hospital pharmacist said it appeared to be Vicodin and returned it to Prince.
Prosecutors said last week that no chemical testing was done on the pill, but evidence suggests it was counterfeit and laced with fentanyl.
The lawsuit alleges the pharmacist and emergency room physician, Dr. Nicole Mancha, failed to timely diagnose and treat the overdose and failed to provide appropriate counseling.
The allegations against Walgreens stem from prescriptions that were dispensed to Prince, but written under the name of his bodyguard, Kirk Johnson. Authorities said Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg admitted that he prescribed oxycodone to Prince under Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy. Schulenberg disputes that, but paid $30,000 to settle allegations the drug was prescribed illegally.
Attorneys for Prince's family, George Loucas and John Goetz, said in a statement that they will have more to say when the time is right.
"Prince's family wishes, through its investigation, to shed additional light on what happened to Prince. At the same time further light on the opiate epidemic will hopefully help the fight to save lives," the attorneys said. "If Prince's death helps save lives, then all was not lost."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Outdoor watering can be a messy but necessary task for both amateur and professional gardening aficionados. Do you give your plants too much water? Too little? When do you find time to take care of all your little green dependents? In addition, more than three-quarters of American households don't have in-ground sprinklers in their yards, which necessitates manual watering of lawns, gardens or container plants with a hose. There are smarter ways to tackle this task.
Now, the worldwide irrigation manufacturer Orbit is aiming to take the guesswork out of hosing down the garden with a new product, the B-hyve Smart Hose Faucet Timer. The company announced the new product at this year's CES 2018, along with HomeKit integration for its consumer line of irrigation products.
This nifty new device enables consumers to automate, manage, and optimize the entire watering process. The accompanying app allows the timer to program watering down to the second, which can be important for complex tasks like self-sustaining hydroponics projects or simple ones like filling a bird bath. The device is also controllable by voice with Amazon's Alexa and Apple's Siri and HomeKit platforms. It also has Wi-Fi connectivity, available through a dedicated Wi-Fi hub, as well as Bluetooth connectivity. Previously, the B-hyve's earlier iteration offered smart home functionality through Alexa.
Basically, the timer attaches to any standard outdoor faucet, fitting on before the hose is attached. Small or simple garden watering needs can be met by the timer functions on the app. For more complex gardening projects, users can implement an interesting innovation on the timer. The B-hyve device can use weather data to automatically alter watering times or produce an EPA WaterSense certified schedule; users simply plug in location conditions such as plant types, soil type, sprinkler version, et cetera. This “fully smart” automation can also be applied to multiple B-hyve timers that can then be daisy-chained together for maximum efficiency.
In addition, the app offers real-time monitoring and updates, captures a user's personal watering history, and enables remote connectivity so weekend gardeners can change their watering preferences on the fly.
“This is a revolutionary product that lets consumers easily manage their watering systems from anywhere, at any time,” Orbit President Stuart Eyring said in a statement. “The B-hyve Smart Hose Faucet Timer is poised to change the way we water and marks yet another important milestone for Orbit as we continue down our path to bring smart yard technology to the masses — all while delivering significant water savings.”
The B-hyve Smart Hose Faucet Timer and Wi-Fi hub are available for $70 via home-improvement retailers throughout the U.S. and Canada. Those with a green thumb and more ambitious plans can also purchase additional B-hyve timers separately for $40.
JACKSON, Wyo. — Some parents in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, are upset that “shooting at (President Donald) Trump” was offered as a possible answer on a multiple-choice, online English test.
The Jackson Hole News & Guide reported Friday (http://bit.ly/2ku7SgM) that the Jackson Hole High School quiz has since been taken down.
Teton County School District officials apologized and say they take threats of any kind seriously.
The quiz involved George Orwell's 1945 novel “Animal Farm” and asked why a character in the book orders that a gun be fired.
Parent Jim McCollum says he was surprised when his son, a junior, came home and showed him a screenshot of the quiz.
McCollum says the potential answer on Trump was completely out of line.
——
Information from: Jackson Hole (Wyo.) News And Guide, http://www.jhnewsandguide.com
Image via Getty.
Prince's unexpected death last summer was determined an accidental overdose on the opioid fentanyl. Six days preceding his death, Prince overdosed on a plane, and had to be revived at a hospital following an emergency landing. Search warrants issued for Paisley Park, Prince's Minnesota residence, have just been unsealed, revealing what seems to have been a complicated system intended to funnel narcotics to the beloved icon.
Advertisement
KARE 11 reports that the documents, which were made public Monday morning, show that CVS prescription bottles found in Prince's home had the name of his longtime bodyguard, Kirk Johnson, on the label. Investigators had been unable to find the source of fentanyl for Prince after examining his toxicology report, but did discover prescriptions of Oxycodone written for Johnson and prescribed by Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg. The warrants also listed the pills discovered on the premises:
-15 white capsules (Watson 853) discovered in a second floor dressing room -CVS pharmacy bottle under the name of Kirk Johnson/7 green capsules -8 orange oval pills inside suitcase in mirror room/second floor -Bayer bottle/64 white pills with Watson 853 -Aleve bottle with 20 ½ tablets labeled Watson 853 -Pamphlet for Recovery Without Walls (rehab center)
Watson 853 is an acetaminophen/hydrocodone painkiller hybrid. Other bottles mislabeled as “vitamin D” were also filled with acetaminophen/hydrocodone pills, and more was found throughout the house:
Advertisement
Detectives also discovered Prince's suitcase — which was the one found with several narcotics inside (in prescription pill bottles under Johnson's name) — had the name tag of “Peter Bravestrong” — an alias name authorities believe Prince used when he traveled in an attempt to maintain his privacy. Lyrics for the song, “U Got the Look,” were also found in that suitcase, written in Prince's handwriting.
The New York Daily News reports that Dr. Schulenberg told authorities that he wrote prescriptions under Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy. Johnson, who had worked for Prince since the late eighties, told investigators that he had no idea that Prince had a pill addiction, though the day before the artist's death he went to a Walgreens to pick up a prescription for him. Johnson said it was the first time he'd been sent on such an errand.
Feist has joined the ranks of Kelis, Coolio, Patti LaBelle, Dolly Parton and Grizzly Bear's Chris Taylor. She's now a musician with a cookbook to her name.
In Pleasures: The Meals of an Album, the Canadian singer-songwriter shares more than 40 vegetarian recipes. The dishes are arranged “song-by-song, day-by-day,” and represent the meals that fuelled the recording sessions for Feist's latest album, Pleasure.
For example, on day one, Feist recorded I'm Not Running Away. Co-author and chef for the Pleasure sessions, Adrienne Amato, prepared tostadas with fried bananas and coconut for breakfast, following by root vegetable and lentil soup for lunch and vegan cauliflower pizza for dinner.
“The making of an album is a communal process on many levels, and that extended to the community of the kitchen while we were recording,” Feist said in a statement. “We hope this book will embolden you to expand your repertoire, stock up on simple staples and invite friends into your kitchen to cook some of these meals with them.”
The book is available exclusively via Feist's online store ($25; feiststore.com) and is expected to ship on December 11. All proceeds will be donated to Community Food Centres Canada, a non-profit dedicated to promoting “health, belonging and social justice in low-income communities across Canada through the power of food.”
NEW YORK (AP) It's time to put a wrap on 2016.
The year ended the same way it began with UConn winning – and winning, and winning. The Huskies have won 88 consecutive games, two short of their own record.
Talk about a good year, coach Geno Auriemma went 51-0, including winning 12 games while coaching the U.S. women's Olympic team to its sixth straight gold medal in Rio.
Even Auriemma, who never seems to care about streaks and records, was amused when he was made aware of his undefeated mark during the calendar year.
”You don't think about it as it's happening, but yeah that's kinda cool,” he said after his top-ranked team beat No. 4 Maryland 87-81 on Thursday night.
During its current winning streak, the Huskies also set an NCAA road winning streak record with their 31st straight victory away from home Sunday.
Other things that happened this week:
POLL MUSINGS: There should be a major shake-up in the Top 25 after 10 ranked teams lost at least one game. Also, four of the top five teams in the receiving votes group also lost. If Kentucky ends up falling out, the Wildcats streak of 131 consecutive weeks ranked would end. That's the fifth longest active streak and seventh longest ever.
ALL-ACCESS PASS: Viewers were treated to something new in Seton Hall's win over St. John's on Friday night. The Big East and Fox Sports offered a commercial-free telecast that had both coaches wearing microphones for the entire game. It gave an all-access look at both teams, the first time there was so much unfiltered access for a major live sporting event.
PAT SUMMITT AWARD: ESPN broadcaster Holly Rowe and Appalachian State women's basketball coach Angel Elderkin are co-recipients of the USBWA Pat Summitt Most Courageous Award. Rowe has also been battling cancer this year. She had surgery in February to remove a cancerous tumor in her chest and a malignant tumor under her right arm.
SCARY MOMENT: Suzy Merchant fainted while coaching Michigan State against Illinois on Sunday. The 47-year-old Merchant was evaluated by the school's medical staff on the court during the fourth quarter before walking to the locker room. She was later taken to a hospital for tests and was expected to be kept overnight as a precaution. Michigan State beat the Illini 74-47 in its Big Ten opener, improving to 11-3 overall. Merchant is in her 10th season at Michigan State and has a 215-99 record.
HONORING RACHEL: Minnesota retired former star Rachel Banham's jersey on Sunday. She finished her career as the Big Ten's all-time leading scorer with 3,093 points. Banham played for Minnesota from 2011-16 and tied an NCAA record with a 60-point game Feb. 8, 2016, at Northwestern. Banham, the No. 4 pick in the 2016 WNBA draft, holds Gophers records with 914 points in a season, 1,081 career field goals, 354 career 3-pointers and 577 career free throws.
HONORING ELIZABETH: Duke retired former star Elizabeth Williams' No. 1 jersey on Thursday at halftime of a 69-54 win over No. 17 Kentucky. Williams is the third player in the history of the women's program to have her number retired, joining Alana Beard's No. 20 and Lindsey Harding's No. 10 in the rafters of Cameron Indoor Stadium.
”It's really hard to describe” the emotions, Williams said. ”It was kind of a combination of excitement, gratitude and humbleness. I was really humbled by this whole thing and to finally see it. It was really incredible.”
She's the only player in Atlantic Coast Conference history selected to four AP All-America teams and she's also the league's first player with more than 1,900 points, 1,000 rebounds and 400 blocked shots during her career.
—
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
The son of Equatorial Guinea's president is going on trial in France for corruption, money laundering and embezzlement after a years-long investigation.
Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue, who is also Equatorial Guinea's second vice president, faces up to 10 years in prison if found guilty of acquiring real estate, luxury cars and other goods in France with public funds from his country.
Obiang's lawyer, Emmanuel Marsigny, said he will ask for a delay in proceedings when the hearing starts Monday, arguing that his client — who is not expected to attend the trial — did not get enough time to prepare his defense.
The International Court of Justice, the United Nations' highest court, refused to order France to halt the prosecution last month after Equatorial Guinea argued that Obiang had immunity.
Aaron Rodgers vs. Eli Manning will headline the NFL's wild-card weekend.
Rodgers tossed four touchdown passes to help the Green Bay Packers capture the NFC North title with a 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night. The Packers (10-6) will host the Giants (11-5) next Sunday while the Lions (9-7) visit Seattle (10-5-1) on Saturday night.
New York's 19-10 win at Washington eliminated the Redskins (8-7-1) and allowed the Packers and Lions to secure playoff spots before their game kicked off. But the teams are heading in opposite directions. The Packers have won six in a row while the Lions lost three straight.
Earlier in the day, Matt Ryan and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5) secured a first-round bye with a 38-32 win over New Orleans. The Seahawks beat San Francisco 25-23 and earned the No. 3 seed.
The Cowboys (13-3) already locked up the NFC's No. 1 seed before they played last week.
In the AFC, Tom Brady and the Patriots (14-2) beat Miami 35-14 to secure the No. 1 seed and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. The Chiefs (12-4) clinched a first-round bye thanks to Denver's win over Oakland coupled with their victory over San Diego.
The Raiders (12-4) fell from No. 2 to the fifth spot and will open the playoffs on the road at Houston (9-7). That matchup could feature rookie quarterback Connor Cook making his first career start for the Raiders after they lost Derek Carr last week and backup Matt McGloin went down in the second quarter against the Broncos.
The Texans also have uncertainty at quarterback. Tom Savage sustained a concussion in a loss at Tennessee and was replaced by former starter Brock Osweiler.
The Steelers (11-5) will host the Dolphins (10-6) in the AFC's other wild-card game.
Here's a look at the playoff teams by seed:
AFC
1. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Brady and coach Bill Belichick will begin their quest for a fifth Super Bowl championship against either Houston, Oakland or Miami on Jan. 14 at 8:15 p.m.
2. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: Coach Andy Reid is 3-0 in divisional playoff games when his team has a bye. All three wins came with the Eagles. The Chiefs open against Pittsburgh, Houston or Oakland on Jan. 15 at 1:05 p.m.
3. PITTSBURGH STEELERS: Ben Roethlisberger, Le'Veon Bell and Antonio Brown had an early bye. They sat out an overtime win over Cleveland in preparation for the Dolphins next Sunday at 1:05 p.m.
4. HOUSTON TEXANS: They need to sort out their quarterback issues before the Raiders visit next Saturday at 4:35 p.m. Oakland beat Houston 27-20 in Mexico City on Nov. 21.
5. OAKLAND RAIDERS: Carr's season-ending injury deflated a team making its first playoff appearance since losing the 2003 Super Bowl to Tampa Bay.
6. MIAMI DOLPHINS: It's unknown whether QB Ryan Tannehill will return from injury when the Dolphins play their first playoff game in eight years. Matt Moore was 2-1 in Tannehill's absence.
NFC
1. DALLAS COWBOYS: Dak Prescott only played two series and Ezekiel Elliott sat out a loss at Philadelphia to get ready for the playoffs. The Cowboys will open against Green Bay, New York or Detroit on Jan. 15 at 4:40 p.m.
2. ATLANTA FALCONS: They will host Seattle, Green Bay or New York on Jan. 14 at 4:35 p.m.
3. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS: Russell Wilson and the Seahawks start their drive for a third NFC championship title in four seasons against the Lions next Saturday at 8:15 p.m.
4. GREEN BAY PACKERS: Rodgers has the Packers riding high into the playoffs. They were a No. 6 seed in 2010 when the last won a Super Bowl. Green Bay plays the Giants in this season's final wild-card game next Sunday at 4:40 p.m.
5. NEW YORK GIANTS: Were locked into the No. 5 seed, but Manning played the entire game and the Giants knocked out the Redskins. Manning has won two playoff games at Lambeau Field, beating Brett Favre and the Packers in a frigid NFC championship game following the 2007 season.
6. DETROIT LIONS: Wilson, Richard Sherman and The 12s stand in the way of Detroit's first playoff win since the 1991 season.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP-RobMaaddi
Philadelphia rapper Meek Mill is expected to be released from prison later this evening (April 24).
Tuesday afternoon, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered that the 30-year-old rapper be freed on bail.
Meek began a long legal battle last November after being sentenced to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating his probation. The charges stem from a 2007 arrest. Prosecutors had previously asked that the judge on the case overturn the sentence because the original arresting officer appeared on a list of allegedly corrupt cops.
In a statement issued to Billboard, Meek thanked his family and friends for their support.
Meek Mill has been released from prison https://t.co/URnaJuR2xy pic.twitter.com/sZc9wU39YD — billboard (@billboard) April 24, 2018
"Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Mill said. "In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career.”
Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Grubin and comedian Kevin Hart are expected to pick Meek up for his release.
A Detroit-area doctor charged with performing genital mutilation on two 7-year-old girls is denying the allegations, saying it was a religious practice for families in a Muslim sect.
A lawyer for Dr. Jumana Nagarwala told a judge Monday that the doctor agrees that genital mutilation is inappropriate. Attorney Shannon Smith says Nagarwala removed mucous from two Minnesota girls in February and then handed the gauze to the family for burial.
Smith says Nagarwala is a member of the Dawoodi Bohra community, a Muslim sect concentrated mostly in India. The group has a mosque in suburban Detroit.
A judge ordered Nagarwala to jail without bond, saying she's a threat to the public. Federal prosecutors say it's the first time someone has been charged with violating a U.S. ban on genital mutilation.
BETUZ deputy general secretary Henry Sinkala says it is wrong for government to retire teachers in national interest on suspicion of being aligned to certain political parties.
Speaking during the commemoration of Teacher's Day yesterday, Sinkala said some teachers have been transferred in unclear circumstances without being investigated.
He said every person has a right to belong to any political party that they feel has an agenda to develop the country.
Sinkala was however, quick to caution the teachers against involving themselves in active politics, stating that civil servants should remain non- partisan.
He further bemoaned the current conditions of service for teachers, urging government to work towards improving them.
And Teaching Council of Zambia (TCZ) senior inspection officer Henry Kamoko advised teachers to have a sense of self-esteem and be role models in society.
He says teachers should discharge their duties professionally and be dedicated to their work to help produce quality results for the leaners.
Kamoko says few teachers, who are a nuisance in society tarnish the general effort of the majority teachers, who are hardworking.
Meanwhile, Acting Provincial Permanent Secretary Smith Mangalilo says it is the government's role to empower teachers with all the necessary resources to ensure excellent execution of their duties.
He says government is committed to improving the conditions of service for teachers.
Barrett Duke, chairman of the 2017 Committee on Resolutions, kicks off the vote on nine resolutions at the Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting on Tuesday, June 13, 2017 in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Angie Wang)
By RACHEL ZOLL AND ANGIE WANGAssociated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - Southern Baptists on Wednesday formally condemned the political movement known as the "alt-right," in a national meeting that was thrown into turmoil after leaders initially refused to take up the issue.
The denomination's annual convention in Phoenix voted to "decry every form of racism, including alt-right white supremacy as antithetical to the Gospel of Jesus Christ" and "denounce and repudiate white supremacy and every form of racial and ethnic hatred as a scheme of the devil."
Tuesday night, Southern Baptist officials who oversaw the resolutions had refused to introduce a different repudiation of the "alt-right," which emerged dramatically during the U.S. presidential election, mixing racism, white nationalism and populism.
Barrett Duke, who leads the resolutions committee, had said the original document contained inflammatory and broad language "potentially implicating" conservatives who do not support the "alt-right" movement.
Introducing the new statement Wednesday, Duke apologized "for the pain and confusion that we created," but said the committee had been concerned about potentially giving the appearance of hating their enemies. Duke said the committee members "share your abhorrence of racism" and were grateful for the chance to "speak on 'alt-right' racism in particular and all racism in general."
The resolution was adopted after a short but emotional discussion.
"We are saying that white supremacy and racist ideologies are dangerous because they oppress our brothers and sisters in Christ," said the Rev. Russell Moore, who leads the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, the Southern Baptist public policy arm. "If we're a Jesus people, let's stand where Jesus stands."
Charles Hedman of Capitol Hill Baptist Church in South Bend, Indiana, said far-right groups had been distributing racist material outside the convention hall Tuesday night. He said some pastors had told him they would have to leave the denomination if the convention failed to denounce white supremacy Wednesday.
"We must stand strong," Hedman said. "We must all issue an apology that we didn't act on this yesterday."
The initial proposal that Southern Baptists had rejected came from a prominent black Southern Baptist pastor, the Rev. William McKissic of Arlington, Texas. His resolution repudiated "retrograde ideologies, xenophobic biases and racial bigotries of the 'alt-right' that seek to subvert our government."
After McKissic made an unsuccessful plea for reconsideration from the floor of the Phoenix meeting late Tuesday, pressure began building online and at the convention for the Southern Baptists to say something.
Several Southern Baptists were panicked, contending that silence would be misinterpreted as support for white supremacy. The denomination was formed in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders and has been trying to overcome its racist history.
A late-night call went out for convention participants to return to the assembly hall, where Steve Gaines, the president of the Southern Baptist Convention, won approval to consider a new resolution on the topic Wednesday.
"It shows we're willing to bring issues to the floor, real issues," said Mark Croston, national director of black church partnerships for the Southern Baptist-affiliated Lifeway Christian Resources. "We're not intimidated or afraid to speak out, even though it brings up dirty laundry from the past."
The Southern Baptist Convention, based in Nashville, is the largest Protestant denomination in the country, although its membership has been shrinking, most recently dropping to 15.2 million members.
Leaders have been trying to diversify, repeatedly condemning racism in formal resolutions from past meetings, rejecting display of the Confederate flag and electing more black officers. As of 2014, the denomination was about 85 percent white, according to the Pew Research Center.
Duke later apologized personally to McKissic for how his original proposal was handled. McKissic was not consulted when leaders were drafting the new statement, but said he was encouraged by the outcry from white and black Christians that brought the issue to a vote. "We're turning the corner," McKissic told reporters. "I see the heart of the majority."
Debate also underscored ongoing tensions among Southern Baptists whether Donald Trump, a thrice-married casino and real estate mogul, was morally fit to be president.
Moore vehemently condemned candidate Trump. At the same time, several prominent Southern Baptists, including former presidents of the denomination, signed on as evangelical advisers to the Republican's campaign. They remain among the president's most steadfast supporters.
When Trump won with 80 percent of the white evangelical vote, Moore faced a backlash within the denomination. That landslide support for Trump left black evangelicals feeling alienated and disappointed given their concerns about Trump's past treatment of blacks, his rhetoric about Mexicans and his promised policies.
____
Zoll reported from New York.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GALVESTON, Texas - Several beachgoers have reported that the water is particularly clear at Galveston beaches after the holiday weekend.
According to the city of Galveston, the clear water is due to the current changing from east to west.
"Whether it's true or not may be a trending debate on social media, but those of us who call this Island home know that these last few days have been incredible," the city posted on Facebook.
What do you think? Let us know on the KPRC2 Facebook page.
Do you have photos? Share them with us!
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
POINT PLEASANT — The Main Street Merchant Committee has decided to celebrate the summer season by starting “Flamingo Friday.”
The first Flamingo Friday will be tomorrow, June 1 and will continue each Friday until July 27.
JoAnne Siders of Siders Jewelers shared each business participating in Flamingo Friday on Main Street will be offering special deals, door prizes, children's games, and extended hours for customers.
Siders said to kick off the event several businesses on Main Street are participating in the best decorated flamingo contest and the Gallery at 409 will be holding an art walk along the street and inside the gallery for members of the community.
The business with the best decorated flamingo will win a prize.
Siders and Scarlett Enos explained the flamingos can be either small or tall and mentioned many participants are decorating their flamingos in a theme specific to their business, but that does not have to be the case to participate in the contest. They said the judging of the flamingos will begin at 1 p.m. tomorrow (Friday). They advise all participants have their flamingos ready to go by noon. Siders commented there will be one judge, Clinedda Austin and Enos added the judging will begin at the Point Pleasant River Museum and Learning Center and continue up to All About You at 6th Street.
Siders explained the art walk will begin at noon and will be featuring some artwork of local artists in the community. Residents will be able to walk along the street and inside the gallery to observe the artwork.
Siders commented Flamingo Friday will be coinciding with Mayor's Night Out Concert Series and Bike Point's community bike rides to help bring folks into the city. Enos encourages residents to come down to Main Street, have fun, and celebrate summer. Free concerts with Mayor's Night Out begin June 8.
By Erin Perkins eperkins@aimmediamidwest.com
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing. Reach her at (304) 675-1333, extension 1992.
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing. Reach her at (304) 675-1333, extension 1992.
WASHINGTON — Hackers allegedly working for the Kremlin stole details about how the U.S. infiltrates foreign networks and defends against cyberattacks after a National Security Agency contractor took the classified material home and put it on a personal computer, according to a news report published Thursday.
The Wall Street Journal reported the breach of classified information. It's the third time since 2013 that a theft of sensitive information involving an NSA contractor has become publicly known.
The newspaper, citing multiple unnamed individuals with knowledge about the theft, said the hackers apparently targeted the NSA contractor after identifying the sensitive material through his use of antivirus software by Kaspersky Lab. The Russian company denied involvement in the theft, which the newspaper said occurred in 2015, but was not discovered until last spring.
The NSA declined to respond to the news report, saying it has a policy not to comment on personnel matters or investigations that might or might not be occurring.
But the NSA said Director Adm. Mike Rogers has worked to make information security a priority since he took his post in 2014. The newspaper, citing people familiar with the issue, said Rogers has received a letter of reprimand from his superiors.
“NSA operates in one of the most complicated information technology environments in the world,” the agency said in a statement provided to The Associated Press. “Over the past several years, we have continued to build on internal security improvements, while carrying out the mission to defend the nation and our allies.”
The name of the contractor is not publicly known. It's unclear if he has been dismissed or charged in the incident, which is still being investigated.
In 2013, former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked classified material exposing U.S. government surveillance programs. In August 2016, Harold Thomas Martin III, 51, of Glen Burnie, Maryland, was arrested by the FBI after federal prosecutors say he illegally removed highly classified information and stored the material in his home and car.
Kaspersky said it has not been provided with any evidence substantiating the company's involvement in the incident. “It is unfortunate that news coverage of unproven claims continue to perpetuate accusations about the company,” Kaspersky said in a statement provided to the AP.
Last month, the U.S. banned federal agencies from using computer software supplied by Kaspersky Lab because of concerns about the company's ties to the Kremlin and Russian spy operations. As it did then, the company insisted that it does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia. The company said it appears to be caught in the middle of a “geopolitical fight.”
“The company actively detects and mitigates malware infections, regardless of the source, and we have been proudly doing so for 20 years, which has led to continuous top ratings in independent malware detection tests,” Kaspersky Lab said. “It's also important to note that Kaspersky Lab products adhere to the cybersecurity industry's strict standards and have similar levels of access and privileges to the systems they protect as any other popular security vendor in the U.S. and around the world.”
The chief executive of the software company, Eugene Kaspersky, is a mathematical engineer who attended a KGB-sponsored school and once worked for Russia's Ministry of Defence. His critics say it's unlikely that his company could operate independently in Russia, where the economy is dominated by state-owned companies and the power of spy agencies has expanded dramatically under President Vladimir Putin.
News of the breach alarmed former NSA workers.
“Kaspersky copying NSA information from an NSA person's computer? That's shocking,” said Blake Darche, a former agency worker who is now chief security officer for Area 1, based in Redwood City, California.
He said it's possible the contractor was working to develop malicious code for the NSA, which could have triggered an alarm at Kaspersky, which then looked at that data.
“Does the Russian government have direct access to Kaspersky data? I don't know,” Darche said, but speculated that companies could be compelled to share such information with the Russian government.
At a Senate intelligence committee hearing in May, top U.S. officials were asked whether they would be comfortable with Kaspersky software on their computers.
“No” was the reply given by then-acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, National Intelligence Director Dan Coats, NSA Director Rogers, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency Director Robert Cardillo and former Defence Intelligence Agency Director Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart.
After the news report, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., who has led efforts in Congress to ban use of Kaspersky Lab software across the federal government, wrote a letter to the leadership of the Senate Armed Services Committee requesting a hearing on the matter.
“This development should serve as a stark warning, not just to the federal government, but to states, local governments, and the American public, of the serious dangers of using Kaspersky software,” Shaheen said. “The strong ties between Kaspersky Lab and the Kremlin are extremely alarming and have been well-documented for some time.
“It's astounding and deeply disturbing that the Russian government continues to have this tool at their disposal to harm the United States. It's unfortunate that there has not been a more expedited and co-ordinated effort at the federal level to remove this glaring national security vulnerability.”
The breach comes as congressional committees and officials in the government are investigating Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
AP Technology Writer Matt O'Brien in Providence, Rhode Island, contributed to this report.
The Home Max speaker sports a pair of 4.5-inch high-excursion woofers and custom tweeters, putting it in the same class as serious audio products like the Sonos Play:5. We had a brief hands-on with it during the launch, under controlled conditions, and found it to be "extremely loud, well balanced and crystal clear, with well-defined bass."
Google Home Max, as mentioned, costs $399 and comes in charcoal and white with both Chromecast and the voice-controlled Google Assistant. That's $100 less than the Sonos Play:5, which doesn't have either of those two features. Sonos did say that Google Assistant was coming to the Play:1 in 2018, but the company hasn't said if it'll come to any other products.
NO ONE has died on an upgraded stretch of the Bruce Hwy that was once one of Queensland's deadliest crash zones.
But the highway is still the Gympie region's deadliest road.
An analysis of 15 years of Queensland Government crash data has revealed there have been zero deaths on the Bruce Hwy where upgrades have been completed at Federal.
QLD Road Fatalities 2001-2016 Explore the map or scroll through widgets to interact with the data
Between 2001 and 2012, 16 people were killed on a 9km stretch of the Bruce Hwy through Federal. But since the $450 million upgrade began in 2013, no one has died.
The tragic history of our region's deadliest highway is revealed as police plead with drivers to take care on Queensland roads over the Easter break.
But the highway remains deadly north of where the upgrades are complete. Between 2013 and 2016 eight people were killed on the highway from Traveston Rd to Chatsworth.
Between 2001 and 2016, eight people died on the Bruce Hwy in the Gympie region - more than on any other road in the region.
The full cost of the Cooroy to Curra highway upgrade will be at least $1.5 billion and the highway will eventually bypass Gympie.
READ MORE: HIGH SPEED ROADS ARE GYMPIE'S DEADLIEST
A Department of Transport and Main Roads spokeswoman said the government planned further upgrades to safety barriers south of Gympie.
"Safety barriers will be installed at various locations along the Bruce Hwy between the Pine River and Gympie," she said.
"The works aim to improve road user safety by helping to fill in the 'missing gaps' in the Bruce Hwy's barrier network and preventing cross-median crashes.
"The works are part of several projects, valued at $79.79 million jointly funded by the Australian Government and Queensland Government under the Bruce Hwy Safety Package."
Crash records also show major inter-city highways are some of the deadliest roads in Queensland.
Nearly half of all Gympie road deaths between 2001 and 2016 occurred on the Bruce Hwy and Tin Can Bay Rd.
The TMR spokeswoman said the number of point-to-point speed cameras on major roads would increase from two to eight in the next three years. But their location has not been determined.
Point-to-point cameras measure a vehicle's average speed between two points on a road.
"New sites are selected based on crash data. Both TMR and Queensland Police prioritise continuous lengths of roads that exhibit a significant history of speed camera criteria crashes in the preceding five years," she said.
"This assessment process determines the potential locations of new point-to-point camera sites."
The cameras are only installed at the Sunshine Coast on the Bruce Hwy at Landsborough, Glass House Mountains and Elimbah; and on the Mount Lindesay Hwy in Logan.
Before the upgrades began in mid-2013 the Bruce Hwy was the deadliest road in the Gympie region. But just one fatal crash occurred on the highway in each of 2015 and 2016.
But in 2014 five people died in separate crashes on the highway - one of the deadliest years since 2001. Only 2009 was a worse year when there were six fatal crashes.
A leading road safety expert believes installing point-to-point speed cameras along regional highways could save lives.
The George Institute for Public Health injury division head Rebecca Ivers said point-to-point speed cameras and better quality roads were key to reducing Queensland's road toll.
"Simple road engineering can help improve safety on curves, but as police cannot enforce speed limits across our vast road network, utilisation of other speed management systems like point-to-point cameras would help significantly to manage safety," she said.
She said council and state government road planning needed to consider all road users - not just cars.
"Road safety is not just about cars and drivers, and government has an important job in making sure all road users can travel safely," she said.
OUR DEADLIEST ROADS
Bruce Hwy 47 deaths
Tin Can Bay Rd 13 deaths
Wide Bay Hwy 9 deaths
Burnett Hwy 6 deaths
Rainbow Beach Rd 4 deaths
* Road deaths 2001-2016
- ARM NEWSDESK
Rep. Tom Garrett, R-Va., said Sunday he regretted a March meeting with Jason Kessler, organizer of the white nationalist rally that sparked deadly violence in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
In an interview with Fox News, Garrett condemned Kessler and called the meeting "an occupational hazard." The white nationalists and white supremacists who rallied in his home district are "bigots" who wanted to "incite hatred," Garrett said.
The Virginia lawmaker met with Kessler and several others this past March at his Washington, D.C. office and posed for a picture with the group, which was posted on Facebook in the group "Unity and Security for America."
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which has compiled a file on Kessler, notes that while the Charlottesville resident is "a relative newcomer to the white nationalist scene," he has "made waves" in his hometown when he waged an online campaign against Charlottesville's black city councilman. Additionally, the SPLC has called "Unity and Security for America," which Kessler founded, is "a nativist, white nationalist group."
Garrett told Fox News that he did not know who Kessler was at the time of their meeting.
"That's what we do, we meet with people all the time," Garrett said. "I didn't know who that cat was at that point in time. I know who he is now and I don't like him any more than anybody else does."
He said Kessler and some associates drove to his D.C. office and requested a meeting. He did not describe what they discussed or how long the meeting lasted.
His office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Charlottesville Violence: Investigation Begins as Victim Revealed 3:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According the caption on the Facebook photo, the group discussed the RAISE Act, legislation recently touted by President Donald Trump that would dramatically reduce the number of legal immigrants allowed into the United States.
Asked in Sunday's interview if he regretted the meeting, Garrett said: "Yeah, sure. But what do you do? My time machine is broken. So, I can't go back and undo it."
"What I want to do is condemn in the strongest possible terms anyone who believes that they might be better than someone else by virtue of a character trait that they had no voice in determining," he added.
Garrett is not the only Virginia politician to meet with Kessler.
Corey Stewart, a GOP candidate for Senate in Virginia who has championed Confederate symbols, joined Kessler at a press conference in February to protest the removal of the statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a city park and call for the ouster of an African American city official, according to The Richmond-Times Dispatch.
The presser was organized by Kessler's Unity and Security for America group. Both men have made appearances with white nationalist hate groups during campaign stops, according to the SPLC.
Stewart, who is challenging Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Malabu's $1.1b scam: Plans on to extradite Adoke, says EFCC
THE Federal Government said yesterday that it is making necessary arrangements to extradite a former Attorney General of the Federation and Justice Minister, Mohammed Adoke, to face charges for alleged fraud.
Counsel to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Johnson Ojogbanesaid this day in Abuja.
The EFCC charged Adoke and two multinational oil companies, Shell and ENI, to court for their roles in the Malabu $1.1 billion scam.
The money was paid by the oil firms into a Nigerian government account in London for OPL 245, an oil block considered one of the richest in Africa.
Adoke then authorised the transfer of the funds into private accounts of former Petroleum Minister Dan Etete, in controversial circumstances.
Over $800 million of the money was eventually transferred.
Most of the money is believed to have ended in private pockets of officials of the Goodluck Jonathan administration, including Adoke, who has, however, denied any wrongdoing.
Justice John Tsoho had fixed yesterday for arraignment of Adoke and the other co-defendants, including Etete.
Ojogbane, however, told the News Agency of Nigeria that the matter could not proceed because the EFCC had been unable to get Adoke and other defendants.
“The matter was adjourned until today for arraignment of the defendants, but up till now, we have not been able to secure the attendance of most of the defendants, because they are outside jurisdiction; that is, they are outside the country.
“The Federal Government is doing everything within its powers to bring them back to Nigeria so that they can face their trial.
“The government will take steps, in collaboration with the international police, to locate them and bring them back to Nigeria through extradition, which is a very cumbersome process. But it will be done,” Ojogbane said.
He said the court adjourned the matter until October 26, after the court's vacation to enable the process of bringing Adoke and others back to Nigeria to be intensified.
Adoke, who had initially pledged to make himself available for trial, made a u-turn, saying he feared he would not be treated fairly by the EFCC.
The EFCC had in December 2016, charged nine suspects, including Adoke, over the purchase of OPL 245.
The Federal Government had also on March 2, filed fresh charges against Shell Nigeria Exploration Production Company Limited and Agip Nigeria Exploration Limited, a subsidiary of ENI, for alleged complicity in the Malabu $1.1 billion scandal.
Adoke, Etete, Aliyu Abubakar, ENI Spa, Ralph Wetzels, Casula Roberto, Pujatti Stefeno, Burrafati Sebestiano and Malabu Oil and Gas were charged along side the two multinational oil companies.
The post Malabu's $1.1b scam: Plans on to extradite Adoke, says EFCC appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (CBSNewYork) — Giancarlo Stanton said he put the Yankees on his trade wish list after admiring them from afar.
“Seeing their young, dynamic group, the way they flow together on the field, how they never give up, never quit, the atmosphere, there's the storied franchise,” the slugger said at his introductory news conference Monday at baseball's winter meeting. “There's not much you can say about why you wouldn't want to be there.”
The Yankees acquired the reigning National League MVP from the Miami Marlins for second baseman Starlin Castro and pitching prospects Jorge Guzman and Jose Devers. Stanton had a no-trade clause in his megacontract, meaning he had a say-so in where he was dealt.
He said he met with the Marlins and told them he was not interested in being part of new CEO Derek Jeter's rebuild. Miami had reached deals with the Giants and Cardinals, but Stanton rejected them.
MORE: Sweeny: Stanton-Judge Possibilities Are Endless — Just Ask Maris, Mantle Families
“I'm glad to be here and part of the New York Yankees,” said Stanton, who batted .281 with 59 homers last season. “This is going to be a great new chapter in my life and my career.
“This has been quite the experience, quite the road to get here. When I signed up in Miami, I wanted things to work out, and I had a good vision there. But sometimes things just spiral out of place and you have to find a new home.”
In New York, Stanton will team up with Aaron Judge, the only other major league player since 2013 to hit more than 50 homers in a season.
“We're excited to get better together and use our talents together, because we're very similar, and we're going to learn from each other and make each other better,” Stanton said of Judge.
MORE: Palladino: Boone's Job As Neophyte Yankees Manager Just Got A Lot Easier
General manager Brian Cashman said the trade puts the Yankees one step closer to winning a world championship. They fell one win short of reaching the World Series last season.
“These are exciting times,” he said. “Every day our baseball operations department, under the guidance of the Steinbrenner family, are trying to find ways to improve the club. Sometimes they're in big ways; sometimes they're in small ways.
“That's part of our job is to find pieces that can help us take further steps, pieces that can play a role in the future efforts to try to find a way to be that last team standing.”
New manager Aaron Boone said he believes Stanton will mesh well with the rest of the Yankees.
“As much as we are excited to have the National League MVP join our lineup and all that goes with that and all the expectations we have for him to come in and play so well at Yankee Stadium, we have a group of young men that we're so excited about what they bring from a character standpoint in that room,” he said. “We feel like we really have a special culture brewing, and we feel like adding Giancarlo — yes, the player, but just as much the person — to that room, he's only going to make it even stronger.”
CRICKET: Nambour has drawn the line in the pitch after their one-day win over the Gympie Gold XI on Saturday, but the two teams are now prepared to battle it out again, this time for the final of the T20 competition tonight at Henzell Oval, Caloundra.
The match will culminate in the back-and-forth war the two teams have played this season, with both sides scoring a win each over the other.
If the Gold prevail, they will retain the T20 glory they won last season, further impetus for Nambour to come out firing.
In last season's T20 final, Gympie defeated Maroochydore despite the Coast side beating the Gold XI in a one-day game just three days before.
Three days ago Nambour beat the Gold on the hallowed pitch of Albert Park, where Nambour was victorious by five wickets after Gympie was bowled over for 146.
Now, Gympie wants to repeat history, albeit against a different opponent.
Photos View Photo Gallery
All-rounder Leo Cartwright performed well with the willow, knocking a valuable 38 in the middle order to momentarily halt the slide of wickets and set a defensible score.
"It was pretty even throughout the match,” Cartwright said.
"Outfield was slightly moist but wasn't too bad.”
LOVE CRICKET? KEEP UP TO DATE WITH ALL THE LATEST CRICKET NEWS BY CLICKING HERE.
Nambour has won all three of their T20 games quite comfortably, and the final will be a hotly contested affair, with both sides simmering a healthy rivalry.
"(It) Should be good fun, hopefully we can get two in a row,” Cartwright said.
The Sunshine Coast side will be buoyed by the recent win and Gympie Gold XI captain Lewis Waugh said the team had to improve on their errors from Saturday.
"I think losing quick wickets in our middle order and not being able to build big partnerships left us about 20 runs short of a good total,” he said. "Then at times, we had sloppy fielding errors and inconsistency with bowling tight areas.
"I think the final will be close again, both teams are very attacking which will make it exciting.
"I think if we can bat first and look to score 140 then we can defend that with our bowling attack this match, with some key players coming back.”
Most of the country's nuclear plants remain offline amid safety checks and legal challenges.
Driven by concern about nuclear power, Narita recently shifted some of his temple's funds to a financial firm that is rated as one of Japan's 45 “earth-friendly” banks. This means the bank is not known to provide finance for the fossil fuel and nuclear sectors.
Narita told NBC News he planned to explain the decision to his counterparts in other temples, believing that “we need to be more mindful of what we're blessed with.”
Tomonobu Narita is the head priest of Totsuka Zenryo Temple in Yokohama, Japan. Daniel Hurst / for NBC News
“That small action when combined [with the actions of others] leads to a bigger effect, so I hope for divestment to have that kind of spread in Japan,” he said during an interview at Totsuka Zenryo Temple.
In the next room, about 100 people gathered to hear from the veteran American climate campaigner Bill McKibben, who co-founded the global divestment and climate action movement known as 350.org and has organized rallies around the world.
McKibben described being jolted into action by a visit to Bangladesh more than a decade ago when he saw people die from dengue — a mosquito-borne viral illness that is projected to worsen in that country as the globe warms. McKibben said he viewed it as “very unfair” that Bangladesh would bear major impacts from climate change when it had not been the source of most of the world's greenhouse gas emissions.
“They're suffering from a problem that they didn't cause, a problem that we caused,” McKibben said. “And so, when I went back to the United States, I decided that the time had come to fight — in a good, nonviolent, Buddhist peaceful way,” he quipped to the temple crowd.
Climate campaigner Bill McKibben, co-founder of the 350.org fossil fuel divestment movement, addresses an audience at the Totsuka Zenryo Temple. Daniel Hurst / for NBC News
Now, McKibben said, it was important for the divestment movement to spread to Japan “because Japanese banks are now the biggest lenders of money for coal projects around the world.”
Japan's Mizuho provided an estimated $11.5 billion in loans to the world's top coal-plant developers from January 2014 to September 2017, according to analysis published by BankTrack, a pro-renewable energy network. That led to Mizuho being assessed as the most prolific lender in that category, followed by another Japanese financial group, MUFG, in second place, while Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation came in at fifth.
These banks have signaled that they are weighing their future lending criteria.
Mizuho said on its website that it was currently discussing the “best due diligence methods” for reducing environmental and social risks, while MUFG told investors it would strengthen its focus on financing renewable energy.
A spokesperson for Sumitomo Mitsui told NBC News: “Coal-fired thermal power generation is considered as a relatively low-cost power generation method; however, since we consider that the impact on climate change is significant, we are considering [reviewing] our current credit policy.”
Still, the number of ordinary people in Japan actively divesting from fossil fuels remains small: Just 146 individuals have so far reported divestments worth 568.2 million yen ($5.1 million) since the campaign launched late last year, according to 350.org Japan.
As Puerto Rico recovers from Hurricane Maria's destruction, the independent agency tasked with guaranteeing openly accessible and reliable public data may soon cease to exist as its own entity.
The Puerto Rico Institute of Statistics, or PRIS, the autonomous agency in charge of monitoring and ensuring accurate data collection separate from government and political pressures, has been fighting multiple dismantling attempts and is not part of a task force created to examine hurricane-related deaths.
Puerto Rico's legislature approved Gov. Ricardo Rosselló's plan to incorporate PRIS under the administration's Department of Economic Development and Commerce, where all the data collection would be consolidated and outsourced — arguing the move will save millions of dollars.
Mario Marazzi, PRIS' executive director and a former Federal Reserve research economist, told NBC News that he has told the government he's willing to merge some data collection processes — just not at the cost of losing the institute's autonomy. To him, PRIS' consolidation under another agency "makes no sense" because it risks the institute's ability to remain impartial.
Ramón Rosario, Puerto Rico's public affairs secretary, said that the Rosselló administration believes that relying on outside entities for data collection is the best way to assure an unbiased, credible process.
Rosario did not clarify how the administration plans to ensure that data collection processes remain transparent and open to the public, even if it's eventually outsourced.
Gov. Ricardo Rossello of Puerto Rico and Gerardo Portela, director of the island's Fiscal Agency and Financial Advisory Authority. David Villafane / GDA via AP Images file
The consolidation plan was met with swift criticism from scientists, advocacy groups and lawmakers — including the American Statistical Association and 15 members of the U.S. Congress who, in a letter, expressed bipartisan support for PRIS' independence and Puerto Rico's "need for public, independent and unbiased data."
An independent nonpartisan board of directors oversees PRIS, which collects data gathered by local government agencies, verifies their data-reporting methods and publishes it in a open source way.
Before the consolidation plan, Rosselló replaced four of the seven PRIS executive board members in July 2017— citing a history of "incorrect" numbers. PRIS was created in 2007 in reaction to decades of data-reporting issues.
“The institute has had two attacks. That was the first one,” said Cecille Blondet, director of Espacios Abiertos, a nonprofit organization in Puerto Rico that promotes government transparency and accountability.
PRIS took the case to court, and eight months later, a judge determined that Rosselló had no authority to replace PRIS' board. This allowed them to resume operations in March with members of the original board, but the Rosselló administration appealed the decision. The case is pending.
The second "attack," Blondet said, is the now-approved plan to consolidate PRIS — which is set to move forward despite pushback from Puerto Rico's Financial Oversight and Management Board (FOMB) and the PROMESA Congressional Task Force, which oversee Puerto Rico's fiscal recovery. The New York Federal Reserve has also stressed the importance of PRIS' autonomy in multiple letters, reports and recommendations dating as far back as 2012.
Rosario said that the administration does not think its obligation is to these entities.
“What we're doing here is fulfilling a campaign promise from the governor to increase transparency and restore our government's credibility,” said Rosario.
Moves to dissolve PRIS come after Rosselló signed an executive order during his first month in office, pledging his commitment to increase transparency.
Questions about deadly hurricane's toll
Maria's current official death toll is 64, even though reports from Puerto Rican investigative journalists and major U.S. news organizations have put it at nearly 1,000.
The administration relied primarily on Police Department numbers, which aren't enough to draw a comprehensive picture of the aftermath because they only account for deaths directly related to the hurricane, explained Marazzi.
“For example, if hurricane winds knocked a tree down, killing a person — that's hurricane related,” he said.
This combo of photos made on March 19, 2018 shows (above) an aerial view of the flooded neighborhood of Juana Matos in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Catano, Puerto Rico, on September 22, 2017 and (below) an aerial view of the same neighborhood on March 18, 2018. Ricardo Arduengo / AFP - Getty Images
While police numbers are a start, an epidemiological study is necessary to officially account for indirect deaths such as medical complications related to a lack of power.
“There's a need to do this study,” Marazzi clarified. “That study does not use a public safety standard, but a public health one.”
Marazzi acknowledges PRIS was unable to be involved in this process because of the ongoing efforts from the Puerto Rican government to dismantle it. Consequently, Puerto Rican officials left PRIS out of the task force designed to examine hurricane-related deaths. According to George Washington University, the task force's leaders, an epidemiological study is currently underway.
While recovering from the hurricane, Puerto Rico has been grappling with a decade-long financial crisis that spotlighted a need for proper statistics and transparency. As a way to solve such needs, the New York Fed recommended Puerto Rico "strengthen the mandate and capacity" of PRIS.
In their most recent fiscal plan, Puerto Rico's current government cites data-reliability problems from previous administrations as a cause of the island's current $72 billion public debt — but the entities overseeing such fiscal issues have a hard time working collaboratively.
The Rosselló administration has not taken up any of the recommendations to keep PRIS as an independent entity because, according to Rosario, it sees PRIS as a contributor to current data reliability issues.
Critics of the plan see it differently. “This is an issue of power: Whoever controls the information controls the power,” Blondet said.
The government's distrust led Puerto Rico's fiscal agency AAFAF, which oversees various government agencies' spending, to ask PRIS for some already public financial information and for access to monitor all their bank accounts.
Although PRIS believes AAFAF was overreaching their authority over them, the institute said it granted the access to AAFAF and “any natural or legal person that requests this information” in order to “continue to serve as a model for transparency.”
In between these transparency disputes, organizations like Espacios Abiertos are insisting that civilians have access to information used to determine their economic future. They asked AAFAF for the raw data used to draft the fiscal plan that would determine how the island pays for the massive public debt. AAFAF, the main author of these reports, declined to do so.
MOSCOW — With President Vladimir Putin's victory all but assured as Russians headed to the polls on Sunday, only one thing remained uncertain and potentially damaging for the Kremlin: how many people would turn out to vote and hand him a convincing mandate for a fourth term.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Putin set to be re-elected amid ex-spy poisoning scandal 2:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On a bitterly cold but sunny election morning, Muscovites were surrounded by reminders of the importance of voting.
"Choosing a president, choosing a future," was the message staring back at the passersby from one of the flashy billboards on Kutuzovsky Avenue in the center of the capital.
Sales manager Anna Popova, 31, said the billboards have been a constant presence and just one of many ways in which the Russian public was urged to get out and vote.
Anna Popova, 31, next to an election billboard on Kutuzovsky Avenue in central Moscow, Russia on March 18, 2018. Yuliya Talmazan / NBC News
Popova said she was bombarded by text messages and push notifications from various Russian-language apps on her phone about the election.
"It's hellish," she told NBC News on Sunday. "It is a hysteria. Someone really cares about this stuff."
Despite a recent poll showing that over 80 percent of Russians were either certain or very likely to vote, the Kremlin took no chances.
Turnout-boosting efforts were the most visible feature of the campaign — and all came from taxpayers' pockets.
Related: Voters share their hopes for Russian election
Election monitors, meanwhile, were reporting irregularities at voting stations across the world's largest country, even though authorities were under orders to ensure that the voting was free and fair after violations marred Putin's last election, in 2012.
More than 65 percent of Russians cast their ballot then, voting Putin into power with more than 63 percent of the vote.
Portraits of the presidential candidates are presented while voters prepare to cast their ballots at a polling station in Moscow, Russia, 18 March 2018. MAXIM SHIPENKOV / EPA
Putin, 65, is nearly guaranteed to sweep the vote this time, as well, but with a political field lacking any competition or intrigue, how many votes would the Kremlin be content with?
"It's a key issue of how much he can genuinely claim that he has the support of the Russian people and how much he has to fiddle, tweak and manipulate," said James Nixey, head of the Russia and Eurasia Program at Chatham House, a London-based international affairs think tank.
Yevgeny Roizman, the mayor of Russia's fourth-largest city, Yekaterinburg, told The Associated Press that local officials and state employees all received orders "from higher up" to make sure the turnout was over 60 percent.
"They are using everything: schools, kindergartens, hospitals — the battle for the turnout is unprecedented," said Roizman, one of the rare opposition politicians to hold a significant elected office.
Casting his ballot in Moscow, Putin seemed confident of victory, saying he would consider any percentage of votes a success. "The program that I propose for the country is the right one," he said.
President Vladimir Putin walks out of a voting booth at a polling station during Russia's presidential election in Moscow on March 18, 2018. YURI KADOBNOV / AFP - Getty Images
In 2012, Putin faced a serious opposition movement, but since then he has boosted his popularity thanks to Russian actions in Ukraine and Syria. Sunday, he faced seven challengers but no serious threat to his rule.
With Putin certain to win, some in the opposition instead turned their attention to making their voices heard by refusing to vote.
Alexei Navalny, a lawyer and one of the most outspoken Putin critics who was barred from running for president himself, called on his supporters to boycott the vote. He reasoned that lower voter turnout would signal to the Kremlin and the world that a significant number of Russian citizens didn't see a viable alternative on the ballot and refuse to participate in what Navalny calls "Putin's re-election."
Related: Russian election: Navalny rallies army of observers to counter Putin
Аround 770 million rubles (more than $13 million) were allocated to publicize the election by the Central Election Commission.
The logistics of voting were made easier by a new policy allowing people to vote at any polling station regardless of where they're registered. A number of Russian celebrities promoted the idea on their social media channels, accompanied by the hashtag #votewhereyouare.
Outside some polling stations in Moscow, voters were treated to a bowl of steaming buckwheat, with Soviet-era music blasting in the background. Most voters were also handed colorful "I voted" pins and balloons.
Russian voters enjoy a quick meal of buckwheat outside a polling station on Kutuzovsky Avenue in central Moscow on March 18, 2018. Yuliya Talmazan / NBC News
First-time voters were even being given free tickets for pop concerts, and health authorities offered free cancer screenings at selected polling stations.
Anton, 28, a food industry worker, told NBC News outside a polling station in central Moscow, where heavily discounted food was sold and animators entertained voters all day, that he gave his vote to Putin.
"I don't see anyone more worthy," said Anton, who didn't want his last name revealed.
Natalia, 33, a saleswoman who also refused to give her last name, said she voted at a polling station nearby. Natalia said she also voted for Putin: "I believe in him. I really hope he can keep his health care promises. That's what I care about. I am also happy with his foreign policy. I support him."
In addition to public campaigns, many voters seemed to be under more private pressure to vote.
Earlier this month, a Russian newspaper published a report on the active involvement of private businesses in the election campaign. The paper alleged that grocery shops, gas stations, banks, movie theaters and even public transport were used to encourage people to go to the polls.
Messages texted to people's mobile phones did the same, while Moscow voters received a glossy "invitation to the election" from the election commission.
And with the clock ticking down to election day, messages from employees whose bosses mandated them to vote popped up on Twitter alongside YouTube recordings of teachers urging their students to do the same.
A woman votes at a polling station during presidential elections in Sovyaki village, about 110 km outside Moscow, Russia, 18 March 2018. YURI KOCHETKOV / EPA
Yevgeny, a 43-year-old mechanic voting in central Moscow, said he briefly wondered whether it was worth voting.
"But the answer was easy. ... If I want to keep working, I vote," he said.
Ella Pamfilova, chairwoman of the Central Election Commission, who was appointed to clean up Russia's electoral system, vowed to respond to complaints about being coerced to vote.
Putin has traveled across Russia pledging to raise wages, pour more funds into the country's crumbling health care and education, and modernize dilapidated infrastructure.
Russian President Vladimir Putin arrives to take part in a rally to support his bid in the upcoming presidential election, at Luzhniki Stadium on March 3, 2018 in Moscow. Alexei Druzhinin / Sputnik Photo Agency via Reuters
Nixey said the turnout would ultimately be a reflection of Putin's legitimacy and how the next six years are going to go for him.
"If we see a really good turnout and a decent vote for Putin ... I think it's a really good indication that the next six years will be relatively smooth for him. In other words, he's got a groundswell of support he can rely on," Nixey said.
By the same measure, if voter participation and counts are low, the next six years could more difficult, he said.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Aspiring Australian citizens will have to make a pledge to share Australian values under laws being introduced to Parliament.
Immigration and Border Protection Minister Peter Dutton said on Thursday that citizenship laws had to be reinforced to maintain public support for immigration and the value of citizenship in "an increasingly challenging national security environment and complex global security situation."
The bill does not spell out what Australian values are and critics of the proposal argue it would be difficult to get Australians to agree on what values they share.
The bill would also raise the bar on English-language skills for prospective citizens and extends the time that an applicant must be an Australian permanent resident from one to four years.
Here's news to raise a glass to this year: The trend of the hipster bartender is over.
We've all been there. You just want a plain Jane drink while you're hanging out with friends at the uber-cool new bar, and when you place your order — say, vodka and tonic — the leather-aproned, wax-mustached bartender looks down his nose. Embarrassed, you instead page through the tome of hand-crafted cocktails featuring house-made bitters, locally foraged herbs, distilled fog spirits infused with heritage breed berries, Nordic ice spheres personally carved by the bartender's grandmother in the ice-house constructed of reclaimed Prohibition-era schoolhouse planks, and you point at the 14-ingredient, $18 drink with one recognizable component.
Whatever happened to the friendly bartender?
Related: This Gene Might Affect How Much You Like to Drink
Clayton Rollins, who owns Lucky Rooster in Hilton Head, told NBC, "The bar is getting back to customer service. Craft cocktails are just the norm now."
But how did we get from the days of bartender as friend to the opponent across the bar you have to impress with your order before waiting 15 minutes for a drink? That early, easy relationship was only natural, after all, Rollins said.
"If you look at how a restaurant is set up from a service side, it's a lot easier for a bartender to have an intimate experience with guests sitting at bar," he said. "You're at eye level, only separated by two to three feet. Generally the bartender has some time to engage. There's this communal experience that doesn't necessarily happen at a restaurant table where the server is standing up."
It's Not You, It's Them
Rollins points to a lack of security as the pivotal factor in the shift away from that relationship. "All of a sudden there are a select group of bartenders doing craft cocktails and learning about something in our history that they're trying to make new and relevant. Just like anything else good, people copy it. They're really passionate about it but customers are still drinking their vodka sodas. [The bartenders] get defensive about it. It creates insecurity."
While the best bartenders had such superior skill sets they didn't need the guest to validate them, that attitude became the standard. "Who doesn't like to tell the rich 55 year-old-guy when you're 25 that you know more than them? That jerk bartender mentality disseminated through a lot of levels," said Rollins.
"Learning this new craft, you don't know how to come across humbly," he told NBC. "That insecurity breeds into 'I'm going to show you.'"
But like all trends, "now that we've been doing craft bartending for a longer period of time it's not so crafty," Rollins said. "Remember when farm to table was cool? Now it's just what you're supposed to be doing. To have a good bar program you have to be able to make a proper Negroni, Manhattan, Boulevardier, know that a martini is gin and vermouth stirred the old style. And customers are comfortable. Bartenders feel more comfortable. Everybody feels safer."
Related: The Bourbon So Exclusive that Even Billionaires Can't Buy It
Now that more bartenders have this knowledge, "How do I differentiate myself?" Rollins said. "I have to blow you away with customer service. It's just evolution." And, back on even footing, bartenders can still introduce guests to something new. "Once those people feel safe they're open to trying some things a little at a time outside their comfort zone."
Like any process of evolution though, it's happening slowly, Rollins said. "It's going to take some time to get back to service."
Bartending Is a Career
So what should a consumer do when faced with a frosty bartender? Recognize one thing, he said. "A lot of people work in the hospitality industry because they want to serve guests. Don't assume because someone is bartending or waiting tables that this is just a job placeholder. With the people who work for me, this is their chosen career path and they make good money and they love doing it."
"Just show people the same respect as you'd like to be treated with," Rollins went on. "We are responsible on both sides of the bar."
And beyond that basic decency, remember, "we're at a bar to have fun," he added. And if you're not being treated well? "Just go somewhere else. It's that simple. You don't have to blow them up on social media or attack them on Yelp. When you find a place that you like, be a regular. Hang out there. Take chances."
If the hype around Pumpkin Spice Lattes is any indication, we are all ready to take the plunge into fall food trends. Luckily a lot of them are a whole lot healthier than the sugar-loaded calorie bomb that has a special place in every sweater-lovers' heart.
To the contrary, fall produce is chock full of healthy nutrients. We all know that in-season foods tend to be a little easier on your wallet, plus they introduce a whole new array of ingredients to get creative with in the kitchen. (Admit it, you're a little tired of the chopped salads.)
What's on the menu? Root vegetables like turnips and sweet potatoes, winter squash and a new lineup of fruit to fill the bowl on your kitchen counter.
Whether you're cooking up a weeknight dinner for one, meal prepping lunch or serving a hungry crowd of football fans, use the super foods of the season as inspiration to infuse autumn flavor and nutrients into your meals.
Brussels Sprouts
“Brussels sprouts are cruciferous vegetables, which means they're loaded with cancer-fighting compounds,” says Lainey Younkin, MS, RD, LDN, founder of Lainey Younkin Nutrition in Boston, MA. “They are also high in vitamin K, which helps your blood clot. Shred them in a food processor and use as a base for your next salad or simply roast them on a baking sheet in the oven — add a little maple syrup for a sweet-savory punch.”
Recipe box: Serve Maple-Balsamic Roasted Brussels Sprouts as a side dish, or toss with onions, cranberries and toasted pecans and serve over farro for a heartier main course. (We are starring this one for the Thanksgiving spread!)
Whole Wheat Pumpkin Pancakes Pinch of Yum
Pumpkin
Pumpkin may just be the best kept secret on the grocery store shelves. While it's available all year long, we feel a re-invigorated love for the ingredient when fall rolls around.
“A cup of sliced pumpkin has almost 200 percent of your daily value of vitamin A and is shock-full of vitamin C and potassium,” says Younkin. “As long as you aren't drinking it in syrup form in your latte, pumpkin is a healthy addition to any fall meal. A 1/2 cup of canned pumpkin delivers 3 grams of fiber and has just 5 grams of sugar and 50 calories. There isn't much you can't do with pumpkin — stir it into a soup, mix it into your morning oatmeal, or add it to a smoothie if it's an unseasonably warm day.
Susan Bowerman, MS, RD, director and Worldwide Nutrition Education and Training for Herbalife, suggests using canned pumpkin in smoothies and as a nutritious topping for Greek yogurt. She stresses to make sure you are buying canned pumpkin and not pumpkin pie mix, which is packed with added sugar.
Recipe box: Give breakfast an autumn twist with these Whole Wheat Pumpkin Pancakes. Top with sliced banana, a sprinkle of cinnamon and a drizzle of syrup.
Green Salad with Apples, Cranberries and Pepitas
Apple
While apples contain vitamin C and phytonutrients, fiber is the shining start on the nutrition facts panel. “One medium apple has 4 grams of soluble fiber — the type that helps lower your cholesterol. Eating adequate fiber can also help with weight loss,” says Younkin.
“In the fall, I love to add very thinly sliced apples to a green salad with a lemony vinaigrette dressing,” says Bowerman. “It makes the salad seem more festive and the sweetness of the apple is a nice contrast to a tangy dressing.”
Recipe box: If you aren't quite ready into give up your salads, give them a fall update by adding sliced apples. Add lots of fall flavor with this Green Salad with Apples, Cranberries and Pepitas recipe tossed in an apple cider vinaigrette.
The Bugatti Chiron is no ordinary car, and not just because it has 1,500 horsepower, costs $3 million, and is vying for the title of world's fastest production car. The surreal nature of the Chiron also extends to more mundane things, like recalls.
Bugatti is in the process of recalling the grand total of 47 Chirons (including 12 in North America) that have been delivered so far because the cars may have improperly welded seat brackets. But while most car owners get a letter in the mail with instructions to visit their local dealership at their earliest convenience, Bugatti does things a little differently.
Each Chiron owner will get a house call from a so-called “Flying Doctor,” who will inspect their cars to make sure everything is in order. If necessary, the car will be loaded on a truck and shipped to the nearest Bugatti service center, where the entire seat bracket assembly will be replaced, according to Bloomberg. Since this is a recall, all work will be done free of charge.
Apparently that's the kind of service owners can expect when spending seven figures on a car. While one would expect that kind of money to entitle a customer to special treatment, the lengths Bugatti is going to avoid inconveniencing its owners may be unnecessary. Most owners probably don't use their Chirons as daily drivers, after all.
While most Chirons likely won't be driven often, the experience will always be memorable. Like its Veyron predecessor, Bugatti's latest hypercar boasts an 8.0-liter quad-turbocharged W16, producing the aforementioned 1,500 hp, plus 1,180 pound-feet of torque. You definitely want to make sure the seats are securely fastened to the floor before unleashing all of that.
So far, the Chiron has proven capable of going from a standstill to 249 mph and back to 0 mph in just under 42 seconds, briefly giving Bugatti a world record until Koenigsegg beat it. The real question is whether the Chiron can achieve the highest top speed of any production car.
Bugatti believes the Chiron will beat the 267-mph top speed of the old Veyron Super Sport, but that hasn't been independently verified. The Super Sport is still considered the world's fastest production car by Guinness World Records. A Hennessey Venom GT hit 270 mph in 2014, but because the car didn't make runs in both directions to compensate for wind, Guiness did not acknowledge it. Hennessey is now preparing an even faster car called the Venom F5, and is aiming for 300 mph.
Last year at VMworld I talked to the guys of Runecast. Runecast's primary solution is the Runecast Analyzer. Runecast Analyzer analyses your vSphere environment and will provide you with suggestions on how to optimize the environment. Runecast leverages the VMware knowledge base, existing best practices and security hardening guides. In this blogpost I will have a look at the initial configuration of Runecast Analyzer. In a follow-up post I will discuss some of the recommendations the solution is providing.
Initial configuration
Ok, let's have a look at the analyzer and deploy it first. Runecast Analyzer comes as a virtual appliance, which makes deployment pretty easy. Just deploy the OVA as you would deploy any OVA. You have to choose if you want to have a small, medium or large configuration. Monitored environments can have a size of 1 vCenter and 10 hosts up to very large environments with lots of vCenters and hosts. The small environment requires 2 vCPUs and 4 GB of ram, while the large option requires 8 vCPUs and 32 GB of ram. Complete all the steps and deploy the OVA…it's just sit and wait.
Add vCenter Server
After the deployment is completed, you can logon to the interface using the default credentials rcuser/Runecast! (including the explanation mark in the password).
Read the entire article here, A closer look at Runecast Analyzer
via the fine folks at WhatMatrix Community
New militant group threatens Niger Delta oil war
– They may not be Deltans – Okowa STRIKING self-assurance, a penchant for hyperbole and a working knowledge of Latin – these are the hallmarks of the latest group of militants to emerge in Nigeria's oil-rich Niger Delta. The New Delta Avengers are named in a nod to the Niger Delta Avengers who last year […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — The White House ramped up its campaign against the press Monday, alleging that mistakes by reporters are the result of purposeful attempts to mislead the American public.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, in a heated exchange with reporters, called out news organizations for having to "retract and change and rewrite and make editors' notes to a number of different stories" in recent weeks and claiming that journalists only "sometimes" own up to mistakes in their stories.
Sanders said Monday that these aren't honest mistakes, as one reporter in the briefing room pointed out.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House accuses reporters of 'purposefully misleading' the country 2:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"There's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people — something that happens regularly," she said during the back-and-forth that, at one point, required her to raise her voice over reporters to say, "I'm not done."
"You cannot say that it's an honest mistake when you're purposefully putting out information that you know to be false," Sanders said.
Asked to point to specific instances of intentionally false reporting, Sanders cited Brian Ross, an ABC News reporter who had to retract information he incorrectly reported earlier this month, as an example of bias and intent to malign the president, although there is no evidence that Ross purposefully misreported the Russia-related claim. Ross was suspended for four weeks, and ABC News issued a correction.
"The reporting conveyed by Brian Ross during the special report had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process," ABC News said in a statement at the time. "As a result of our continued reporting over the next several hours ultimately we determined the information was wrong and we corrected the mistake on air and online."
The contentious interaction with the press comes after Trump sent several tweets over the weekend and on Monday rebuking reporting about his TV viewing habits, how big his crowds were during a recent rally in Florida, and the Russia investigation.
On Sunday, he called the media "a stain on America." He has previously referred to news outlets, including NBC, as "the enemy of the American People."
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 11, 2017
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017
Sanders was asked about the president's recent tweets attacking a Washington Post reporter for tweeting, then deleting, an inaccurate picture of the crowd size at the Florida rally. The reporter apologized and explained his mistake on Twitter.
Sanders said the president was "simply calling out a very direct and false accusation lodged against him."
"There was nothing more than an individual trying to put their bias into their reporting, and something that frankly has gotten a little bit out of control," she said.
Fox News, which typically draws praise from the president for its coverage, also had its own recent issues with inaccurate reporting — though Sanders did not mention those. FoxNews.com had to revise a incorrect headline that incorrectly said one of Alabama Senate hopeful Roy Moore's accusers "admits" that she had "forged" a yearbook message from Moore, and add an editor's note to the bottom of the article explaining the changes.
The most recent NBC News/Wall Street poll shows that a key group of voters may be poised to play a big role in the upcoming election: White women with a college degree.
And they're angry.
White women with a college degree did support Hillary Clinton over Trump in the 2016 election, but only by a six-point margin. According to exit polls, just over half supported Clinton — 51 percent — while 45 percent backed Trump and the remainder chose third party candidates.
But that narrow advantage for the Democratic candidate has grown into a gaping divide heading into the 2018 midterms, according to the latest NBC/WSJ poll.
President Trump's positive favorability rating among college-educated white women, which stood just 32 percent when he was inaugurated, is now down even further to an even more dismal 27 percent, with 53 percent giving him a ‘very negative' score. The Republican Party gets a similarly poor ranking, with just 23 percent within this group of women giving the GOP high marks. (They give Democrats a net positive score, on the other hand — 45 percent positive to 31 percent negative.)
And that ire also appears to be translating into energy against Republicans as the midterms approach.
Among white women with a college degree, Democrats have a 27 point advantage over Republicans on the question of which party they would rather win control of Congress in November.
And unlike some other voter groups like young people or independents, who show a preference for Democrats but don't express high interest in the upcoming elections, this subgroup of women ranks among the highest when it comes to how closely they are watching the midterms. Six-in-ten report that they have high interest in the elections, one of the most pronounced levels of interest for any subgroup surveyed.
By ASTRID GALVANAssociated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - President Donald Trump says he may grant a pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio following his recent conviction in federal court, prompting outrage among critics who say the move would amount to an endorsement of racism.
The report was welcome news for the former Phoenix-area sheriff, who lost a re-election bid in November and who was convicted of misdemeanor contempt of court on July 31. But it angered immigrant rights activists and others who say it amounts to support for racism on the same day that Trump disavowed white nationalists whose rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, turned violent this weekend, leaving one woman dead.
A federal judge ruled in 2013 that Arpaio's officers racially profiled Latinos. But the sheriff refused to stop his immigration patrols, eventually leading to the criminal contempt of court case that he's embroiled in. it also contributed to his failed re-election bid last year.
Arpaio said Monday that he learned of the president's comments in the morning and was glad he stood by him.
"I didn't ask for it, but if he's going to offer, I will accept, because I'm not guilty. So appreciate his interest in my matter here in Phoenix," Arpaio said.
Mark Goldman, his attorney, said he was filing two motions on Monday afternoon for a judgment of acquittal and to vacate the verdict for a new trial. The motions are not appeals.
"We're filing these motions because there was absolutely no evidence in support of the judge's verdict, the verdict was contrary to the evidence provided in court, and the verdict is a gross miscarriage of justice," Goldman said.
Trump on Sunday called Arpaio "a great American patriot" and said he hates to see what has happened to him, according to the Fox News report.
On Monday, the president condemned hate groups and said racism is evil in a statement that was much more forceful than he'd made earlier after the weekend clashes in Virginia that left one woman dead after a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who opposed a rally by white nationalists. The white nationalists were protesting a plan to remove a statute of Confederate Gen Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville park.
"Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," he said.
Cecillia Wang, deputy legal director for the ACLU, criticized the idea that Trump could pardon Arpaio, saying the former sheriff had violated court orders that prohibited illegal detention of Latinos.
"Make no mistake: This would be an official presidential endorsement of racism," Wang said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
YouTube
Just over a year after his impressive debut, former NFL Pro Bowl running back DeAngelo Williams is retuning to professional wrestling. According to TMZ, Williams is set to return to Impact Wrestling on July 12.
“I said I'd never do this again, but I'm back in the ring,” Williams said.
There's no word on what Williams' role will be, but he's apparently been training former tag team partner, Moose, ahead of his July 22 bout for the Impact World Championship at Slammiversary XV.
CINCINNATI — Jose Bautista will be the Atlanta Braves' starting third baseman whenever he joins the big league club.
The Braves signed Bautista, 37, to a minor league deal April 18 and announced the long-time outfielder as a third baseman, a position he hadn't regularly manned in a decade.
But that's the inevitability in the Braves clubhouse. Manager Brian Snitker confirmed Bautista will start at third when he's promoted, supplanting Ryan Flaherty, the National League's leading hitter with a .362 average through 20 games.
“He's going to play third when he comes up,” Snitker said of Bautista. “He's in good shape. That'd be what happens.”
Bautista has eight straight 20-homer seasons. He represents the right-handed power the Braves are starving for in their regular lineup.
After going 2-for-7 with a double in two games with the High-A Florida Fire Frogs, the Braves promoted Bautista to Triple-A Gwinnett. He was hitless in six plate appearances hitting leadoff in a doubleheader at Rochester, N.Y. on Tuesday.
“From what I've heard, he's close,” Snitker said. “I think he needs to see some better pitching right now, in his eyes. That's why he's going to Triple-A.”
In benching Flaherty, the Braves would essentially be cashing their chips in early on the 31-year old's career-best start.
Aside from leading the league in average, Flaherty has a homer, eight RBIs and a .500 slugging percentage while adding reliable defence at third. Bautista's arrival would shift him back to the utility role he served the past six seasons with the Orioles.
“I haven't really even thought about it, to be honest with you,” Flaherty said Monday.
Braves general manager Alex Anthopoulos was with the Blue Jays front office when they acquired Bautista in 2008. Bautista experienced his best seasons during Anthopoulos' tenure as general manager, and that relationship played a role in him declining a more lucrative offer from another team to join the Braves.
“In taking this deal, he's made the decision to bet on himself. You don't bet against this guy,” said Anthopoulos, who added he could envision Bautista playing into his 40s because of elite conditioning.
Anthopoulos has always believed in Bautista's ability to play third, but it wasn't necessary with All-Star Josh Donaldson at the hot corner in Toronto. He'll also be available as a first baseman and outfielder if the situation dictates it.
Early returns on Bautista defensively have been positive; perhaps that could go without saying considering the team's accelerated plan in the five days since his signing.
“Nothing but good reports on what they're seeing defensively, offensively, running the bases well,” Snitker said. “Obviously the guy's done a lot in his preparation to stay in shape. He's in the best possible shape that he can. That's what I've heard too. That he's a very well-conditioned guy.”
Bautista was a full-time third baseman with Pittsburgh in 2007 and 2008 before being traded to the Blue Jays. It has been his least accomplished position in the majors. He made 43 of his 81 major-league errors as a third baseman while playing only a little less than a quarter of his 12,814 career defensive innings there. But it's his bat the Braves want.
Snitker doesn't anticipate Bautista needing much time with Gwinnett. But it's unlikely the veteran joins the team during its trip in Cincinnati, which concludes Thursday.
“I don't think that many (at-bats are needed),” Snitker said. “I think a guy like that, with his experience, you've got to go with those guys too. He's not coming off an injury. Reports are, his timing is good. He's facing some velocity, swinging good off of it. He wants to see some more experienced pitching that he'll see in Triple-A.”
The six-time All-Star is coming off a disappointing season in which he slashed .203/.308./.366 with 23 home runs and 65 RBIs. Bautista's hit .250 with an excellent .362 on-base percentage. He has contributed 331 homers and 927 RBIs in his 14-year career.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution via the New York Times News Service
Get ready to see Elizabeth Warren everywhere.
The famously press-averse Massachusetts senator will suddenly be very visible as she tours the country to promote her new book ahead of a 2018 reelection campaign, all of which could lay the groundwork for a possible 2020 presidential bid.
On Tuesday, Warren will release "This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America's Middle Class," the 11th book by the former professor and bankruptcy law expert, who has published both academic treatises and mass-market tracts, including several co-written with her daughter.
Warren will launch the book Tuesday with an appearance at the Barnes & Noble in Union Square in New York City, where Hillary Clinton kicked off her own tour to promote her 2014 book "Hard Choices."
From there, Warren will head to Boston's famous Old South Church and Mt. Holyoke College in Western Massachusetts, before making stops at Chicago's Music Box Theater, Washington D.C.,'s Sixth and I Historic Synagogue and the 1,400-seat Alex Theater in Los Angeles.
All of the events are already sold out underscoring Warren's popularity in Blue America.
Separately, Warren will be the keynote speaker at a massive NAACP fundraiser in Detroit next weekend, which is expected to attract up to 10,000 people at the Cobo Center. Clinton was given the keynote last year and former Vice President Joe Biden had the honor in 2015.
RELATED: The top Democrats who could challenge Trump
Warren, who famously avoids reporters in the halls of the Capitol and gives few interviews, will appear on NBC News' "TODAY" on Tuesday and sit for interviews with other news and late-night programs in coming weeks.
She already appeared on a Sunday morning political talk show — CBS's Face the Nation — and invited two newspapers, the Boston Globe and USA Today, to her Cambridge home for interviews.
Warren, who has raised an eye-popping $9.2 million for re-election, is bracing for a tough Senate run next year, though she has so far not attracted a top-tier challenger.
Book tours have often been the first tentative step onto the campaign trail for White House aspirants, going back to at least John F. Kennedy, who wrote "Profiles in Courage" three years before being elected president.
Conservatives are reading Warren's new book as "a soft launch of her 2020 presidential run," as Colin Reed, the executive director of the super PAC America Rising, put it in a memo to reporters.
The opposition research group, which started digging up dirt on Clinton when she launched her pre-campaign book tour three years ago, announced Tuesday that it was starting "The Elizabeth Warren Initiative" to "make Warren's life difficult."
The group plans to send operatives with video cameras to track Warren's public appearances, launch Freedom of Information Act requests to dig up records, and hit her in the press with the goal of damaging her both in 2018 and ahead of 2020.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton accompanied by Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) in Cincinnati, Ohio on Monday, June 27, 2016. The Washington Post via Getty Images
Warren's book, according to early reviews, seems designed to avoid unnecessarily foreclosing any doors. She avoids criticizing Clinton for missteps in last year's presidential campaign, skips weighing in on the myriad internecine fights inside the Democratic party, and only touches on her own brief considerations to run last year.
And Warren is not the only Democrat with a book.
Minnesota Sen. Al Franken's latest book will be released May 30. Satirically titled "Al Frank, Giant of Senate," Franken uses the book to tell the unlikely story of how a former Saturday Night Live comedian ran for office and became the titular "giant" of the upper chamber.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, meanwhile, who released a book late last year about his presidential run, is involved in another one geared for your adults. "The Bernie Sanders Guide to Political Revolution," geared for young people interested politics, is due out later this year.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
HOUSTON – The storied room that first saw humans land on the moon has fallen into a shocking state of disrepair. Once a gleaming state-of-the-art facility, Apollo Mission Control at Johnson Space Center here has become a place of flickering lights and worn carpet held together with tape. The keyboards of its old flight consoles are missing buttons.
NASA says it lacks the money to renovate the room, which was decommissioned in 1992. In recent years, it's been a stop on guided tours of the space center — and in 2015 was designated a "threatened facility" by the National Park Service.
But Space Center Houston and other philanthropic groups have stepped in to fill the void, starting a Kickstarter campaign that aims to renovate the facility in time for the 50th anniversary of the first manned mission to the moon. That comes in 2019.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Kickstarter campaign aims to save historic NASA Mission Control center 00:03:22
“What we envision is when you step into the visitor viewing area to see the mission control center, it will be as if the men who worked here had just gone on break,” said William Harris, president of Space Center Houston.
The campaign has garnered support from more than 3,000 people from around the world. It's estimated that $5 million will be enough to bring the room back to its original state, as seen on television back in the day and as depicted in the 1995 movie "Apollo 13."
Behind the effort to restore mission control is a handful of NASA workers who spent countless stressful hours working in the room, including the former Apollo flight director, Gene Kranz.
Kranz, 84, believes not enough was done to prevent the room's deterioration.
"This is frustrating to me that NASA allowed this room to deteriorate to the condition it was in,” he said. “They did not have the feeling that comes from having worked and lived...in this room. We saw incredible tragedy, but we also triumphed.”
Gene Kranz at his desk in the original mission control room during the Apollo era. NASA
Kranz and his colleagues were in the room for Apollo 11 and the other successful manned missions to the moon. They were also there when three astronauts died during testing for the first Apollo mission in 1967 and in 1970 when the Apollo 13 astronauts returned safely to Earth after their space capsule was disabled by an explosion.
Among the contributors to the Kickstarter campaign is the City of Webster, Texas, which was home to many of the flight controllers and other personnel who worked in the room during the Apollo era. In early 2017, the city stepped forward with a gift of $3.1 million on top of a dollar-for-dollar matching campaign.
“We hope that by restoring this room, it will make create greater awareness about the incredible work, achievements, of the U.S. space program," Harris said. "We are really standing on the shoulders of those who have gone before us.”
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
RAVENNA, Ohio (WOIO) A 2-year-old girl in Ravenna is dead after she was struck by a minivan Wednesday morning.
Ravenna police officers responded about 11 a.m. to the 1200 block of South Diamond Street.
When investigators arrived on the scene, they located a 2-year-old injured from being struck by a minivan.
Police said EMS responded to the scene and transported the child to the United Health-Portage County Medical Center.
A medical transport helicopter was requested and responded to the hospital emergency room. Police said the child died at the hospital.
No names are being released at this time pending the notification of family members and others. At this time alcohol is not suspected.
Officers said this not a hit and run. The driver is being cooperative.
Any person with additional information about this incident is encouraged to contact the City of Ravenna Police Department at 330-296-6486.
LAS VEGAS — The man who killed 49 people at an Orlando, Florida, nightclub last year pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, in a 911 call, as the massacre unfolded. The sniper who shot to death five police officers in Dallas told the police that his goal was to attack white people. The man who attacked a black church in Charleston, South Carolina, posted a racist manifesto online.
In one mass shooting after another, gunmen have offered telling evidence of their motives: complaining of “baby parts” after a shooting at Planned Parenthood, sympathizing with the Islamic State with a Facebook post on the day of the San Bernardino, California, shooting, asking members of Congress if they were Republicans before pulling the trigger at a congressional baseball practice.
But in the four days since Stephen Paddock's attack in Las Vegas — a shooting rampage that left 58 dead and hundreds seriously wounded — what drove him has remained a mystery, vexing the public and putting enormous pressure on federal and local investigators to find answers.
“In the spirit of the safety of this community or anywhere else in the United States, I think it's important to provide that information, but I don't have it,” Sheriff Joseph Lombardo of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department said in an interview Thursday. “We don't know it yet.”
No grandiose manifesto has been found. No account of Paddock behaving dangerously or holding extremist views has emerged from neighbors or relatives. Unlike past killers, Paddock did not dial up the police to explain his actions.
The FBI took Paddock's computers and cellphones to its laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, for review, law enforcement officials said. Agents interviewed his girlfriend, Marilou Danley, in an attempt to determine his mental state at the time of the shooting, but Lombardo said he was “not at liberty to say” what information had been learned.
Of course, investigators could at any time come across evidence that reveals Paddock's thinking. “I'm pretty confident we'll get there,” Lombardo said.
I'm pretty confident we'll get there
Agents have fanned out across the country, interviewing family members and friends and looking for signs of mental illness.
Paddock left a trail of clues that are, so far, more cryptic than revealing: There was a note in his hotel room whose exact contents the authorities have yet to reveal. Lombardo said it contained numbers that were being analyzed for their relevance, and that it was not a manifesto or suicide note.
Paddock may have scouted other locations, including Fenway Park in Boston, Lollapalooza in Chicago and the Life is Beautiful music festival in Las Vegas, before finally checking into a suite at the Mandalay Bay that had clear sight lines to Route 91, and a massive gathering of country music fans. He stockpiled expensive firearms over the course of many months.
Investigators have identified 47 firearms belonging to Paddock, including a dozen in his hotel suite that were enhanced to fire at an accelerated rate, and discovered a system of cameras Paddock set up to monitor the area around his location.
Paddock struck a jet fuel tank near McCarran International Airport with two rifle rounds, said Chris Jones, an airport spokesman, though a police official expressed doubt that he targeted it intentionally.
Despite the massive scale of the attack, why Paddock carried it out remained a huge and haunting question mark, said Steven B. Wolfson, the district attorney in Clark County, Nevada, where the killings occurred. He estimated that in “99 percent of the cases,” the perpetrator of a drastic killing offers some kind of justification, however twisted.
“Most of the time, you don't defend it, you don't accept it, but you hear the why,” Wolfson said in an interview Thursday.
“I've been doing this a long time and I can't remember another homicide — and then you multiply what I'm about to say by 58 — where you don't know why.”
Had Paddock been taken into custody “maybe we would have found out why,” Wolfson added. “Maybe he would have said, ‘This is the reason why I did it.' But because he killed himself, we don't know and it's frustrating.”
Katherine W. Schweit, a former senior FBI official, co-authored a lengthy 2013 FBI study that looked at 160 mass shootings in the United States. The study did not specifically examine motivation, but Schweit said many of the underlying reasons for the shootings were apparent to investigators. “A jilted lover, race or religion, someone who was fired,” she said. “Other times the motive is more elusive. This isn't the first guy who seemed to have found a target for his anger who we can't understand where the anger came from. Anger manifests itself in a lot of different ways.”
“I think everyone wants an answer because they are grasping to understand the senselessness of the shooting,” she said. “It reminds me exactly of the conversations we had after 9/11.”
Experts and law enforcement veterans caution that it can take time to establish a killer's real motivations, piecing together electronic data with interviews and other shards of a life twisted into extreme violence.
Officials involved in the Las Vegas investigation have said they expect it will take an exhaustive search into Paddock's past, spanning multiple states and decades of his life, to deduce what brought him to the windows of the Mandalay Bay hotel with such an elaborate plan for murder. In FBI speak, they want to understand his “pathway to violence.”
Andrew Bringuel, a former member of the FBI's behavioral analysis unit, said investigators were undoubtedly exploring a range of motives that include personal, economic, social or political.
“He could have been seeking revenge,” said Bringuel, who retired earlier this year. “This could have been a personal grievance. He could have been a sore loser. Gamblers like to talk about their winnings, but not their losses. I worked for the FBI for a long time. The FBI is pretty good at looking at the nooks and crannies of someone's life. The bureau will end up with a hypothesis. Whether the bureau can prove it is a separate question.”
Paddock would appear, in several respects, to be an unlikely perpetrator: An affluent man in his seventh decade, Paddock was both older and wealthier than the typical mass murderer, who is usually a young and isolated white man, often with a history of violence or mental problems.
Paddock's father, Benjamin Hoskins Paddock, was a veteran criminal who was placed on the FBI's most wanted list, which described him as “diagnosed as psychopathic.”
But his brother Eric Paddock said his sibling was not a politically motivated person and had no apparent financial problems. He said he recognized Stephen Paddock's methodical personality in the planning of the attack, but nothing else.
“He was able to plan this, to do this,” Eric Paddock said. “That is the person Steve was.”
Andrew G. McCabe, the deputy director of the FBI, acknowledged in a television interview Wednesday that insight into Paddock's frame of mind had been elusive so far. He declined to rule out the possibility that there was no rationale for the violence, or that investigators might never establish one.
“This one is somewhat different than many of the ones we've dealt with in the past,” McCabe said of the Las Vegas attack, on CNBC, “because we don't have any immediately accessible thumbprints that would indicate the shooter's ideology or motivation.”
Paddock, he said, was “not on our radar, or anyone's radar, prior to the event.”
Many killers, however, are unknown to law enforcement before their attacks, and some experts caution that the mystery around Paddock may be less aberrational that it seems. A number of massacres in recent decades have gone largely or completely unexplained.
Investigators never found a convincing motive behind a 1966 massacre at the University of Texas, often described as the first modern mass shooting, in which a sniper, Charles Whitman, fatally shot 14 people from a clock tower after killing his family.
Other attacks have taken months to explain in depth, like the killing of 12 people at a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, in July 2012.
George Brauchler, the district attorney who led the prosecution of James Holmes, the Aurora gunman, said it was not until prosecutors obtained Holmes' journal and a thorough psychiatric evaluation, that they felt confident laying out an explanation. That information, Brauchler said, convinced them Holmes had turned to violence amid a shattering sense of professional failure and sexual rejection. Holmes was also being treated for mental health issues, and his defense described him as schizophrenic.
Still, Brauchler said, his office had meaningful clues about Holmes' mindset within days of the shooting, including information about a breakup with his girlfriend. The Las Vegas case was plainly different, he said.
“The scariest part of this,” Brauchler said, “is to not find or know a motive.”
Adam Lankford, a professor at the University of Alabama who has studied mass shootings, said a killer's professed motive can also represent incomplete or self-serving information. He cited Orlando as an example: If Omar Mateen, the Orlando gunman, was driven by fundamentalist views, he also pledged loyalty to clashing militant groups, the Islamic State and Hezbollah.
“In a lot of cases, even when they give a motive, what they're saying is for public effect,” Lankford said, “not necessarily the true explanation behind their actions.”
A few days ago, I came across an article that sought to address the Return on Investment of chaplains in organizations that provide physical and mental health care services. The article said things like "chaplains need to be able to show a positive impact on the bottom line" and "that which can't be quantified is not valued."
I'm trying to find the words to express my distaste for and sharp disagreement with such sentiments without, myself, appearing to be disagreeable and I'm having trouble. The only way I can think of to say it is that leaders and managers who think this way are just simply not smart enough to be in charge and should resign. They don't have nearly enough "strategic intelligence" for the job.
Harsh words, I know. But here's the thing...the shortsighted insistence that a specific ROI be required of each and every element of the organization is simply an admission by leadership that it just doesn't understand strategy and is too lazy to figure it out. Such a view sees the organization as no more than the sum of its parts. Leaders who hold such views aren't imaginative enough, creative enough or just plain smart enough to understand how organizational elements can be integrated to create capabilities in ways that simply couldn't be done separately by those same elements. Going back to our example, the requirement that chaplains be able to show a return expressed in dollars is a frank admission by leadership that it simply has nothing resembling a mission, vision and strategy for its organization. The understanding of the manner in which a chaplain does (or does not) help create and carry out sustainable capabilities that provide value for clients will never come from a spreadsheet.
But what does all this have to do with manufacturing? The sad fact is that this lack of "strategic intelligence" afflicts leaders in all sorts of organizations, by no means just those that deliver health services. Whether we're talking chaplains or lean initiatives, leaders too often try to place the blame on someone or something else for their lack of ability to articulate a strategy for their own organizations. Leaders either have a clear idea as to their organization's strategy and the resources needed to carry out that strategy…or they don't. When they imagine that lean approaches and methods will serve only to reduce costs...they don't.
None of this is to say that all elements of the organization provide the same benefit (or, necessarily, any benefit, for that matter) with respect to building strategic capabilities. Nor is it to say that leaders shouldn't continually be assessing their organizations in light of strategy. But the notion that leaders should (or even can) isolate individual elements of their organizations and figure out the ROI of each of those elements separately from all others is fatuous. Instead, leaders need to take a holistic view of strategy AND organization, asking, first, how their customers and stakeholders define value, second, what capabilities are needed to create that value, and, third, what sorts of resources, processes, and culture must be developed in order to build and sustain those capabilities.
Let's look at a small, almost facetious, example: In a grocery store chain, what's the ROI of a shopping cart? By itself, it's probably zero. But, once integrated and aligned with fully stocked shelves, wide aisles, friendly and helpful employees, and competitive prices...the ROI of shopping carts is very high indeed. Still, nobody, but nobody, is wondering if each shopping cart "paid for itself" today. Could we have too many shopping carts? Of course. Or we could have too few shopping carts. We could also have shopping carts that are too old, too beaten up, too small, too large, too expensive, or too cheap but all those issues are resolved only in relation to strategy. None of them can be addressed by figuring an ROI for shopping carts and they certainly can't be addressed by asking, "How much money do we save because we have shopping carts?"
The question that leaders need to ask isn't "What's the ROI?" The question they need to ask is, "Does this resource, in its present state, provide a foundation for capabilities that we can't do without in order to fulfill our present strategy?"
Rick Bohan, principal, Chagrin River Consulting LLC, has more than 25 years of experience in designing and implementing performance improvement initiatives in a variety of industrial and service sectors. Bohan has a bachelor of arts in psychology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a master of science in organizational development from Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland. He has published articles in National Productivity Review, Quality Progress and ASTD's Training and Development Journal. He is also co-author of People Make the Difference, Prescriptions and Profiles for High Performance. Bohan can be reached at rbohan@chagrinriverconsulting.com.
The pound dropped against all other major currencies on Tuesday morning after news U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will make an unscheduled statement at 11:15 a.m. London time, or 6:15 a.m. Eastern Time. The unusual move sparked speculation May could call a snap election, as statements by the prime minister usually are reserved for significant announcements, according to the British press. Downing Street confirmed May will make a statement after her Cabinet meets on Tuesday, but declined to say what it will be about. Sterling dropped to $1.2530 after trading as high as $1.2608 earlier on Tuesday. Against the euro, the pound dropped to €1.1760, falling from an intraday high of €1.1833. “There are unconfirmed rumors at this stage circulating that Theresa May might be stepping down, while there are other reports going around that this could be linked to the announcement of a U.K. general election. Truth be told, nobody is really that aware of what is going on, but this uncertainty has caused a reaction in the sterling,” said Jameel Ahmad, vice president of market research at FXTM in a note. May has repeatedly denied she will call a snap election before the next planned vote in 2020.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
French multinational pharmaceutical company SANOFI logo is seen at the headquarters in Paris, France, March 8, 2016. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer/File Photo
By Brendan Pierson
(Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Thursday threw out a ban on the sale of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc and Sanofi SA's cholesterol-lowering drug Praluent, and ordered a new trial after finding a jury was given improper instructions.
The ruling from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington was a setback for Amgen Inc, which claimed Praluent infringed patents on its rival drug, Repatha, and had won the sales ban after a jury trial.
Amgen, which brought its lawsuit in 2014, said in a statement it was disappointed by the court's action. "We firmly believe in the validity of our patents and we look forward to reasserting our rights in court."
Regeneron shares jumped 4.4 percent to $475.95 on the Nasdaq, while Sanofi shares in Paris rose 0.8 percent. Amgen shares were off 1.5 percent at $185.76 on the Nasdaq.
Praluent and Repatha are injectable biotech medicines created from manmade antibodies that dramatically lower levels of "bad" LDL cholesterol in the blood by blocking a protein called PCSK9.
Amgen claimed its patents covered a broad range of antibodies that bind to PCSK9, while Sanofi and Regeneron argued such broad patents were invalid.
In Thursday's decision, the Federal Circuit said jurors were given instructions that could have wrongly led them to believe that describing a protein like PCSK9 was enough to patent a broad class of possible antibodies.
The appeals court also found that the judge in the case improperly excluded some evidence that Regeneron and Sanofi wanted to use at the trial.
"We are pleased with the Federal Circuit's decision to remand for a new trial that allows us to present our complete evidence to the jury," Sanofi General Counsel Karen Linehan said.
In a joint statement, Regeneron and Sanofi said a new trial has not yet been scheduled and they do not expect proceedings to start this year.
Mizuho Securities analyst Salim Sayed said he expects the ruling will keep Praluent on the market for at least another year.
A jury had found Amgen's patents valid last March. Sanofi and Regeneron did not dispute that if the patents were valid, Praluent infringed them.
In January, U.S. District Judge Sue Robinson in Delaware took the unusual step of blocking sales of Praluent. She found that, although having both drugs on the market would be in the public interest, Amgen's patent rights outweighed that concern.
Praluent sales were allowed to continue during the appeals process.
Zachary Silbersher, a New York-based patent lawyer not connected with the case, said the court's ruling will make it more difficult for Amgen to win if it goes to trial again, which could push the company to settle.
Praluent and Repatha won U.S. approval to reduce LDL cholesterol in 2015. The drugs are far more costly than other cholesterol drugs, with a list price topping $14,000 annually.
Hurdles to patient access by health insurers and pharmacy benefit managers have led to disappointingly low sales so far. But Amgen's drug has steadily gained market share since the court ruling, which threatened to remove Praluent from the market, rising to nearly 65 percent.
(Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York, additional reporting by Bill Berkrot in New York; editing by Bernadette Baum and Jonathan Oatis)
DETROIT — What has to kill defenders about Aaron Rodgers, what has to absolutely drive them crazy when they watch film or run back plays in their minds, is not that Rodgers make plays that few, if any, other quarterbacks can make. It's that time and again, it must feel for those defenders like they are so close to stopping him, only for Green Bay's QB to tear out their hearts.
How many Lions narrowly missed dropping Rodgers for a sack Sunday night, during the Packers' NFC North-clinching 31–24 win? If not every member of the defensive line plus a linebacker or two, it sure felt that way. Save for one well-timed blitz by safety Tavon Wilson, Rodgers whirled and sprinted his way out of every rush.
How close was DeAndre Levy to reaching the sideline as Rodgers hurried up his offense to draw a too-many-men-on-the-field flag against Detroit? Six inches? A foot? Had Levy made it to his destination before the snap, Rodgers's subsequent incompletion would have forced the Packers to punt, in a six-point game. Instead, handed an extra third down, Rodgers tossed an easy completion to Ty Montgomery to move the sticks. Green Bay later scored—Rodgers to Davante Adams—to ice the game.
This is why Rodgers will go down as one of the all-time greats. It's why so many people expected the Packers to win Sunday, on the road with the division on the line.
Rodgers doesn't just win games. He can demoralize opponents.
“He's the best quarterback I've ever seen play the game,” says Green Bay DL Letroy Guion, who used to face Rodgers as a member of the Vikings. “I love that guy. … That guy knows what he's doing, he can move around the pocket, he feels pressure coming from no matter what angle. To me, he's the greatest pocket QB ever.”
Arguably the biggest play Sunday night came early in the fourth quarter, with the Packers up by three but facing a 3rd-and-9 from the Detroit 10. Rodgers took a shotgun snap, spun away to his left from pressure up the middle, stopped, looked downfield, rolled farther left, then fired a dart off his back foot to WR Geronimo Allison in the end zone.
“I was actually looking for Davante [Adams] initially,” Rodgers says. “I wanted to get all the way outside … I just saw Geronimo and tried to put it in a place where [he] could make a good catch.”
All told, Rodgers held the ball for nearly seven seconds before letting fly.
“About as fine a play … I don't want to say it's his best, but it's up there,” says Green Bay coach Mike McCarthy.
Green Bay will ride a six-game win streak into a home playoff game vs. the Giants next weekend, a stunning turnaround from where this team—and its QB—was when it sat 4–6, well off the NFC North pace. Even headed into Week 15, Detroit still led the division by two games.
The Lions lost their final three. The Packers won 'em all, just as Rodgers predicted they would after a loss in Washington on Nov. 20.
“That's what you have to do sometimes as a leader,” Rodgers says. “Exude confidence even when it seems to the outside world confidence shouldn't exist.”
This was a brutal, if almost predictable, way for the Lions to watch their NFC North dreams slip away. Playing their biggest home game in at least a decade (and maybe two), the Lions outplayed the Packers for much of the first half, then pulled ahead with 23 seconds left in the second quarter on a Matthew Stafford-to-Golden Tate TD.
A lot of other teams would have taken a knee after Detroit's kickoff sailed into the end zone for a touchback. Not the Packers on this night. Not with Rodgers. Green Bay spread the field and let fly, Rodgers immediately extending a play by sliding right and finding Allison for 39 yards.
Four plays later, Mason Crosby boomed home a 53-yard field goal to pull the Packers within four. They would score on their first possession of the third quarter to take a 17­–14 lead, and they never trailed again.
“It's tough,” says Detroit safety Glover Quin, “because [Rodgers] gets to running around, and then the receivers get to running around and it's kind of like streetball. You're trying to keep up with guys, they're not running specific routes, they're just running around. So it's difficult.”
A smidgen of Sunday night's potential drama evaporated about an hour before kickoff, as the Giants closed out a road win over Washington. With that result, both the Packers and Lions clinched playoff spots. (Had the Redskins won, the Lions' season now will be over.)
This was, though, an opportunity for the Lions to capture their first division crown since 1993, a drought which began two years after their still-only playoff victory in the Super Bowl era. Three hours before kickoff, thousands upon thousands of people stood lined up outside Ford Field, all but begging to get inside. And that crowd helped force the Packers into several false start calls, the offense's timing thrown off ever so slightly by the noise.
By the two-minute warning, about the only fans left wore Green Bay colors. The rest walked off, like their team, frustrated and fatigued by another Aaron Rodgers gem.
“Our coaches emphasize to block for infinity,” Green Bay OT David Bakhtiari says. “Guys usually block [a defender's] first and second reactions, but our coaches do a great job teaching us block the third, fourth, fifth reaction. …
“If we can give Aaron that extra second or two, he'll do exactly what he did.”
This article originally appeared on
MOSCOW — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup, even as overall incidents of discrimination declined.
Nineteen incidents of abusive chants were recorded this season, according to an annual report from the anti-discrimination Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Center released Wednesday. That compares to two cases the season before, and 10 the year before that.
Victims included players from the French national team, who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March, and Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye, who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters.
Russian national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato, a naturalized citizen who was born in Brazil, was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling him a monkey.
In another case, a regional governor told local media that the club his administration funds in the city of Vladivostok would not sign any black players.
Last month, Nigeria defender Bryan Idowu, who was born and raised in Russia, told The Associated Press that some fans in the country viewed racist abuse as a tactic to distract opposing players, rather than as a statement of ideology.
"I think most of them do that to put pressure on a player psychologically, maybe so he doesn't want to keep playing," he said. "It could just be because someone finds it funny."
In this photo taken on Thursday, April 19, 2018, Bryan Idowu Russian team Amkar Perm speaks during an interview for the Associated Press in Moscow, Russia. Russia is struggling to tackle soccer racism before it hosts the World Cup. Nigeria player Bryan Idowu, who was born and raised in St. Petersburg, says he has faced racism on the streets and on the field in Russia, but that the situation is slowly changing for the better. Pavel Golovkin / AP
Overall, cases of discrimination in Russian soccer fell to 80, the lowest since the 2013-14 season, according to Fare.
Fare executive director Piara Powar said there is also a growing shift by far-right fan groups to racist chants because visual displays like banners are more easily tracked by surveillance cameras in stadiums.
"Some of their clubs have got their procedures in place for dealing with things that are very obvious, for bringing down banners," Powar said. "That leaves people able or free to chant things and that's a far more difficult thing to police."
There was a fall in the number of discriminatory banners and other visual displays, down from 75 to 52.
More blatant extremist symbols and racist slogans have largely disappeared from stadiums in recent years, often replaced with coded messages using Viking runes and other symbols with significance on the Russian far right.
In one notable case, Zenit St. Petersburg fans hailed convicted war criminal Ratko Mladic as a hero with a banner unfurled at a Europa League game in November. That attracted a fine and partial stadium closure order from UEFA, European soccer's governing body.
The Fare Network, which helps FIFA and UEFA investigate racism cases, is planning to open two "Diversity Houses" in Moscow and St. Petersburg during the World Cup, where issues of discrimination in sports will be discussed.
"It's a celebration of diversity," Powar said. "It showcases the rise of ethnic-minority players across the continent and looks at the growth of women's football, looks as issues associated with Russian football."
Fare is also issuing a guide to Russia for visiting fans and operating a helpline for fans from minority groups to report harassment or attacks.
The organization urges fans from minority groups to travel to the World Cup but recommends caution in unfamiliar surroundings and awareness of issues such as racial profiling by Russian police.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
The Findlay Police Department needs your help searching for an 84-year-old Findlay woman.
Patricia Musser was last seen at her home around 10 a.m. Wednesday.
She was reported missing around noon along with her 2013 Buick Verano with an Ohio license plate of CR40SP.
She is described as standing at 5 feet and 4 inches tall, weighs 112 lbs with red hair and green eyes.
Police say Patricia suffers from mild dementia.
Any information on Patricia or her car is encouraged to be shared with the Findlay Police Department at 419-424-7150.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
WORTHINGTON, Ohio (AP) - An Ohio man says he was trying to set a good example for his children when he turned in $14,000 he found on the side of the road.
WBNS-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2oGSCeU ) Jake Bowers found the money April 8 as he drove his family to a park in Worthington, a Columbus suburb.
Bowers said when he initially saw the bag on the roadside, he thought it might contain someone's laptop. Instead, it was filled with $100 bills.
Bowers took the bag to the Worthington police station, and it was returned to its owner.
A police report says the owner had taken the cash to a car dealer but left without buying a vehicle. He told police he must have left it on top of his car and driven off.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LAREDO, Texas (AP) — Authorities say a semitrailer driver is in custody after he was found to be transporting 76 immigrants in Texas.
The U.S. Border Patrol said in a statement Monday that the immigrants were discovered Friday at a checkpoint on U.S. 83, about 35 miles (56 kilometers) north of Laredo in South Texas. The semitrailer stopped in the checkpoint's primary lane where the driver, a U.S. citizen, was questioned about his immigration status.
His rig was kept for further inspection, and agents found the immigrants inside the trailer.
The immigrants are from Mexico, Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala. Thirteen were unaccompanied minors. The Border Patrol says all of them are in good health.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Nina Pruneda says the driver's identity and other details about the case are being withheld at this time.
Share
Felice Frankel
Drug testing is tricky business but it's an essential step to bringing safer medications to the market. Pharmaceutical drugs are designed for a specific purpose, to treat a given ailment, but often come with a slew of “side effects may include…” — drug trials attempt to identify those side effects.
Almost all of these side effects are undesirable, but many of them are worth the risk as long as they treat the condition. Others, however, can have serious consequences.
Now a new technology called a microphysiological system — or “body on a chip” — may help identify potential problems faster. Developed by engineers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) the device is made up of a microfluid medium that connects tissues engineered from up to 10 different organs, allowing it to mimic mechanisms of the human body for weeks on end. With this system, which was detailed in a paper published last week in the journal Scientific Reports, the researchers hope to reveal how drugs designed to treat a specific organ might have an effect on other organs in the body.
“Some of these effects are really hard to predict from animal models because the situations that lead to them are idiosyncratic,” Linda Griffith, a professor of biological and mechanical engineering, and one of the senior authors of the study, said in a statement. “With our chip, you can distribute a drug and then look for the effects on other tissues, and measure the exposure and how it is metabolized.”
After researchers develop a pharmaceutical drug, they test it through a series of preclinical animal trials intended to demonstrate the drug's safety and effectiveness. However, Griffith points out, humans aren't exactly like other animals. Sure, we share a similar biology with lab animals, but the relation isn't always one to one.
“Animals do not represent people in all the facets that you need to develop drugs and understand disease,” she said. “That is becoming more and more apparent as we look across all kinds of drugs.”
To get around this obstacle without testing on human subjects, researchers have developed “organs on chips,” miniature replicas of organs composed of engineered tissue.
While the basis of this technology isn't anything new, Griffith and her colleagues are the first to fit so many tissue types onto a single open chip, enabling them to manipulate and remove samples.
The organ tissue types fit onto the chip include liver, lung, gut, endometrium, brain, heart, pancreas, kidney, skin, and skeletal muscle, each containing between 1 million and 2 million cells.
While the system is promising, it won't be used to its full potential anytime soon. For now, Griffith and her team are using the system for more restrained studies, including just a few organs like brain, liver, and gastrointestinal tissue to model Parkinson's disease.
TORONTO — Steven Beitashour, Drew Moor, Armando Cooper and Benoit Cheyrou, who all saw action for Toronto FC in Saturday's MLS Cup final win over Seattle, have been left unprotected in the MLS expansion draft.
Beitashour and Moor, along with fellow unprotected TFC defender Jason Hernandez are all free agents.
The draft goes Tuesday with the Los Angeles Football Club able to add up to five players to their roster in preparation for their inaugural 2018 season. LAFC can only take one player from a club. Some 309 players are available.
Other Toronto players available are Oyvind Alseth, Brandon Aubrey, Raheem Edwards, Tsubasa Endoh, Nicholas Hasler, Clint Irwin, Mark Pais and Tosaint Ricketts.
Ricketts and Edwards are both Canadian internationals. Aibrey and Endoh are former first-round picks in the MLS SuperDraft.
The Toronto unprotected list includes both right backs in Beitashour and Hasler as well as the club's No. 2 and 3 goalkeepers in Irwin and Pais.
While no trades are permitted during the draft, clubs can barter before and after. Irwin, for example, was taken by Altanta United in the 2016 expansion draft but was traded back hours later in exchange for defender Mark Bloom.
Other players available include Ghana international defender Jonathan Mensah (Columbus), U.S., international defender DaMarcus Beasley (Houston), midfielder Jermaine Jones, Trinidad & Tobago fullback Joevin Jones (Seattle), Dutch forward Michael de Leeuw (Chicago), Vancouver Whitecaps midfielder Matias Laba and Montreal Impact forwards Matteo Mancosu and Dominic Oduro.
De Leeuw and Laba are both coming off knee surgery.
The existing 22 MLS clubs were allowed to protect 11 players, with limits on the number of international players left unprotected.
Generation Adidas players and some homegrown players, depending on what part of the roster they occupy, are automatically protected.
If a free agent is taken in the expansion draft, LAFC takes over his previous club's ability to renegotiate a new contract consistent with the CBA before the beginning of Stage 2 of the re-entry draft. If a free agent selected subsequently signs with his 2017 club, he will be subject to compensation.
Other Impact players left unprotected are Hernan Bernardello, Patrice Bernier (who has announced his retirement), Dein Boldor, Hassoun Camara, Nick DePuy, Shaun Francis, Eric Kronberg, Wandrille Lefevre, Andrew Romero and Nichael Salazar.
Francis and Kronberg are free agents.
Other Whitecaps players left unprotected are Christian Bolanos, Marcel De Jong, David Edgar, Deybi Flores, Kyle Greig, Jordan Harvey, Bernie Ibini-Isei, Nosa Igiebor, Andrew Jacobson, Brett Levis, Aaron Maund, David Ousted, Spencer Richey, Mauro Rosales, Cole Seiler, Brek Shea, Cristian Techera ad Sheanon Williams.
Harvey and Jacobson are free agents.
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
Bring Him To Me!! Wizkid To Sponsor A Mechanic Boy “Basit” To School
Wizkid took to his twitter page to share a video of a mechanic boy “baskit” who was seen in the video anticipating wizkid's new song “Gucci Snake”. This melts wizkid heart and he decided to sponsor the boy to school. He Wrote: We're sending Basit to school! Bring him to me ���
The post Bring Him To Me!! Wizkid To Sponsor A Mechanic Boy “Basit” To School appeared first on Ngyab.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(Ryan Remiorz/The Canadian Press via AP). Silver medalist Elsabeth Black, left, of Canada, and gold medalist Morgan Hurd, of the United States, wave to the crowd after the women's individual all-around final at the artistic gymnastics world championshi...
(Ryan Remiorz/The Canadian Press via AP). Gold medalist Morgan Hurd, of the United States, performs on the balance beam during the women's individual all-around final at the artistic gymnastics world =championships Friday, Oct. 6, 2017 in Montreal.
(Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP). Women's individual all-around gold medalist Morgan Hurd, center, of the United States silver medalist Elsabeth Black, left, of Canada and bronze medalist Elena Eremina of Russia show off their medals during th...
(Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP). Gold medalist Morgan Hurd, of the United States, performs her routine on the balance beam in the women's individual all-around final at the artistic gymnastics world championships Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Mont...
(Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP). Gold medalist Morgan Hurd of the United States performs her floor exercise during the women's individual all-around final at the Artistic Gymnastics World Championships Friday, Oct. 6, 2017 in Montreal.
MONTREAL (AP) - American Morgan Hurd won the all-around title in the world gymnastics championships Friday night, spoiling Ellie Black's bid to become the first Canadian winner.
The 16-year-old Hurd edged Black by 0.101 points, finishing with 55.232 points in her world championships debut. Russia's Eremina Elena was third at 54.799.
"It's crazy that I was even competing here," said Hurd, from Middletown, Delaware. "To think that I won is just the most surreal feeling in the world."
American Ragan Smith, the favorite to win the gold medal, was forced to withdraw from the final after injuring her ankle during the vault warm up at Olympic Stadium.
Black is a five-time Canadian champion.
"I'm standing here with the silver medal, so I'm pretty happy with that," said Black, from Halifax, Nova Scotia. "There's ups and downs in gymnastics, there are mistakes that are made. It's part of the sport. There are probably a bunch of athletes who would love to be in my position right now. I just feel so fortunate to have had this opportunity and to be here tonight."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SOUTHWEST RANCHES, Fla. — The owner of a South Florida ranch says some 300 exotic animals have died in a fire.
Blake Kaldrimoglu tells WSVN that some 200 turtle hatchlings died in the Tuesday afternoon blaze that also killed fish and rare tortoises.
Blake's Exotic Animal Ranch is in Southwest Ranches, which is west of Fort Lauderdale in Broward County.
Fire crews from Southwest Ranches and nearby Davie put out the fire.
Investigators said lightning may have struck the barn. They said the barn was completely made of wood.
The television station reports Kaldrimoglu runs a YouTube channel where he documented life at the barn.
——
Information from: WSVN-TV, http://www1.wsvn.com/
VICE Looks At How The Crisis Actor Conspiracy Movement Became So Popular [Video]
Parkland, Sandy Hook, Sutherland Springs – those three names will forever be associated with deadly mass shootings.
Except, of course, if you watch the likes of Alex Jones and you're a fan of digging around on far-right conspiracy theory sites.
That used to be where you would find people talking about false flags – a covert and deceptive operation to create the appearance of a particular party or group being responsible for some activity – and crisis actors.
You know, crisis actors like David Hogg, who some nutters want you to believe is a hired actor working to further the anti-gun agenda.
In the old days you would find such conspiracy theories tucked away in the internet's far-flung corners, but now they're everywhere.
Heck, Donald Trump Jr. even likes such theories via his Twitter account, because anything's better than facing the reality that your father is a horrible human being.
So how have these theories become so mainstream? VICE decided to take a closer look:
Over the past 10 years, a growing online community of conspiracy theorists and hoaxers known as “truthers” has come to question the official narratives behind every mass shooting that is heavily covered by the media. A common thread in these theories is the government's role in staging the tragedy with the help of mainstream news, in order to manipulate the general population. In this continuously recycled narrative, the death and destruction of the tragic event is faked, and victims and their families are “crisis actors,” who are performing a role in order to elicit sympathy that can then be used to advocate for new gun laws, or anti-terror surveillance that restricts Americans' freedom. The commitment to these narratives has escalated to the point where victims are frequently harassed, mocked, and even threatened in retaliation for their supposed deception.
They spoke with some of these conspiracy theory fans, and those who help spread them across social media, and some of their footage is actually quite tough to watch.
Imagine standing in front of a father, whose daughter was murdered whilst at school, and telling him that his daughter dying was a political hoax?
There would be hell to pay, but perhaps you should just get stuck in yourself. A warning that there is some video from inside school shootings, and also some choice language:
It blows my mind that some people can have so little compassion, but then again we see that in action on the daily.
Now you know why an elected leader screaming fake news about everything he doesn't like, and the mistrust that sows, is so dangerous to a functioning democracy.
[source:youtube]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Trump is pushing a trillion dollar plan to improve America's aging infrastructure, but the estimates for getting it up to speed are far higher.
The American Society of Civil Engineers calls for $4.6 trillion to pay for fixes, builds and upgrades over the next ten years.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Houseparty founder and chief operating officer Sima Sistani is done with ‘work-life-balance.' Instead, the mother of two is focused on ‘constant calibration' — the idea that to be successful at work and family, you sometimes need to put one before the other.
“This idea of work-life balance, I think it's antiquated,” Sistani told NBC News BETTER. “To be doing your best and always at a 50/50 spectrum is unattainable. There's no way for me to be always awesome on top of my work as COO and co-founder of Houseparty [a social media app] and always [an] awesome attentive mother and wife.”
Letting go of emotional constraints
According to Sistani, parents deal with much more than work-imposed constraints.
“There's one that I think people talk about less: the constraints you put on yourself emotionally to be the best at your job and be the best at being a mom,” she said.
Sistani said she may need to miss a company dinner so she can read stories to her 4-year-old son and 2-month-old daughter. Likewise, she may need to miss a few school events to make more time for work.
There's no one right way to commit. Everyone's idea of commitment looks different. Set goals that are achievable for you and allow others to do the same. There's no one right way to commit. Everyone's idea of commitment looks different. Set goals that are achievable for you and allow others to do the same.
“The idea that you can do both equally well at all times is antiquated and ultimately I think we have to have a broader perspective around not sweating the small stuff, and feeling like it's ok for me to be off and on and keep toggling that from week to week, even sometimes day to day,” she explained.
Your work and life are ‘one and the same'
The 37-year-old said she sometimes has to let work come before family. That can be difficult for the mother of two.
Sima Sistini, Founder and COO of Houseparty and mom of two Michelle Drewesnull
“My oldest, he's getting to an age now where he understands. And there are mornings where I walk out the door and he says, ‘Mommy, take me to work with you,' or I'm coming home and I'm trying to do dinner time with him and I have to send out this important text and he's told me, ‘Put away your phone,'” she said.
But Sistani believes her children will understand that making sacrifices is a necessary part of life. The daughter of Iranian immigrants said she grew up watching her own mother make sacrifices while working hard to earn a degree and become a college professor.
PDP Urges National Assembly to Sanction Buhari Over $1 Billion
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) yesterday urged the National Assembly to sanction President Muhammadu Buhari for allegedly violating his oath of office by withdrawing and spending $1 billion from the Excess Crude Account (ECA) without the constitutionally required legislative appropriation.
According to the opposition party, Buhari's “unilateral spending of $496 million (N151.374 billion) from the ECA, without recourse to the legislative approval of the National Assembly, is a gross violation of the laws and constitution of Nigeria and a direct affront to our statutory order as a democratic state.”
In a statement by its spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan, yesterday, PDP said that “by this action, President Buhari has technically suspended the 1999 Constitution (as amended), plundered the inherent powers of the National Assembly as the principal institution of democratic rule, while re-enacting a sole administratorship in governance as if our nation is operating a military regime.
“More disturbing is the revelation that President Buhari paid the $496 million for the purchase of military aircraft from the United States, ignoring allegations of overprice and issues concerning due process, just to achieve a political expediency of currying President Donald Trump's support for his 2019 re-election bid.”
The PDP stated that Buhari's action amounted to gross misconduct and betrayal of public trust “because in the bid to push a personal agenda, he deliberately side-stepped statutory legislative scrutiny and acted in clear breach of Section 80 (3) (4) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended).”
The party noted that while Section 80 (3) states that “no moneys shall be withdrawn from any public fund of the federation, other than the Consolidated Revenue Fund of the federation, unless the issue of those moneys has been authorised by an Act of the National Assembly”, Section 80 (4) provides that “no moneys shall be withdrawn from the Consolidated Revenue Fund or any other public fund of the federation, except in the manner prescribed by the National Assembly.”
PDP described as shocking the fact that President Buhari, whose administration claims allegiance to transparency and zero tolerance for corruption, could resort to a violent abuse of the constitution just to “suit a desperate passion of seeking re-election.”
The opposition recalled that following the public outcry against the announcement that Buhari had unilaterally approved the withdrawal of $1 billion from the ECA, the presidency, through his Special Adviser on National Assembly Matters, Senator Ita Inang, on April 9, 2018 stated that no such approval had been made, adding that the president would never act in breach of Section 80 of the constitution even though they were aware that payments had been made.
“The resort to falsehood, deception and secrecy in the withdrawal from the ECA and the reported $469 million payment for the military aircraft raises very serious issues regarding the integrity of the Buhari presidency.
“While we have nothing against any effort to ensure adequate security in our land, we insist that such must be done within the ambit of due process of our laws and the constitution.
“The PDP urges President Donald Trump, as the President of the world's biggest democracy, to note that the $469 million paid for the purchase of military aircraft, forms part of proceed for illegal activities of our president, who has violated statutory provisions of our constitution to pursue a selfish agenda.
“We therefore charge the National Assembly to investigate the whereabouts of the balance from the $1billionn ECA fund and the purposes for which it has been taken, as well as save our democracy and constitutional order by invoking appropriate legislative processes against President Buhari for this violation, before it becomes too late.”
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post PDP Urges National Assembly to Sanction Buhari Over $1 Billion appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LANDOVER, Md. – Stadiumlinks, the event series that transforms prominent sports stadiums into exclusive golf courses, will team up with FedExField to become a nine-hole golf course June 9 through June 11. Tee time bookings are now officially available to the public at stadiumlinksgolf.com.
“This event gives the public the rare experience of hitting some of the most memorable golf shots imaginable from nine different locations throughout the stadium,” said Jon Stephens, founder of Stadiumlinks. “Targets for each tee box are positioned on greens that are landscaped into the field below, creating nine one-of-a-kind golf holes that you'll have to see to believe. By combining this with exclusive and intimate access to the stadium, we're excited to offer a unique experience for each and every participant.”
Tee times are offered across all days of the event starting at 7 a.m. and ending at 8 p.m. with the stadium lights illuminating the course as the evening progresses. Due to the logistics of the event, registration will only be offered in two-person and four-person bookings with prices that start at $75 per person.
A premium VIP upgrade will be offered during the registration checkout, giving participants the opportunity to stay after completing their round in one of FedExField's luxury areas overlooking the stadium at play (among other additional VIP perks that are included in the upgrade). Participation spots are extremely limited and are expected to sell out in advance of the event.
Saka dedicates VAT Wonder Goal Award to teammates
Ayo Saka who won the Match Day 20 VAT Wonder Goal Award was presented his prize at a brief ceremony on Sunday and he said the award is for his teammates, management of Rivers United and the club's fans.
Saka received the ceremonial cheque from Hamisu Mohammed Ibrahim, Tax Controller, LTO Port Harcourt of the Federal Inland Revenue Services (FIRS) shortly the start of the match day 24 fixtures against FC IfeanyiUbah at the Yakubu Gown Stadium in Port Harcourt.
“First of all, I dedicate the award to God Almighty. It is an award for all the players of Rivers United because without my teammates, I could not have scored.
I also appreciate the Management of Rivers United for their work which has made us the players to succeed so far and above all, there are the fans who have been wonderful. I dedicate this award to all of them”, Saka told www.npfl.ng.
He said the award will motivate him to get better as a striker but is not for personal glory.
“ The award means a lot to me. It is a recognition of the hard work of everyone in the team and for me personally, it will ginger me to keep improving to be the best”, declared Saka. Ibrahim, while congratulating the player on behalf of the FIRS charged him to work with his teammates to win more laurels for the club.
“First of all, I want to congratulate you on this award and to also advise that you all should work together to win for the team”, said the FIRS official.
He said that FIRS identifies with the passion of Nigerians for football and that the support for the league is to provide opportunities for the youths to find expression for their talent in football.
“We want to grow the next generation tax payers and when our youths find work for their talents, they will earn income and be able to pay their taxes”.
Saka got a prize of N150, 000 for the award, 50 percent of which will be donated to a charity of his choice in Rivers State.
The post Saka dedicates VAT Wonder Goal Award to teammates appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Tegan and Sara are accustomed to dividing their professional responsibilities as musicians, but sharing an acceptance speech for one of Canada's most prestigious arts awards is something new.
The twin sisters will give it their best shot on Friday when they receive the National Arts Centre Award at Ottawa's Rideau Hall. They will also be recognized on Saturday at the Governor General's Performing Arts Awards gala for the honourees.
Sara Quin, one half of pop duo, is still running through her mind what she'll say in her half of the speech.
“You have 300 words — so that's 150 for each of us,” she calculated in a recent interview.
“It's very scary. I'm not really sure what we're supposed to say.”
Quin is being modest.
While she might still be drafting ideas for exactly how to humbly acknowledge her pulsing activist heart, the singer and songwriter rarely lacks perspective on social issues.
Tegan and Sara's activism surrounding LGBTQ rights, and the lack of female representation in the music industry, are key reasons they're being honoured for standing at the crossroads of a successful music career and advocacy work for progressive social change.
Quin supposes her urge to speak out was borne from her “extremely political” mother's activism in Western Canada.
“We grew up going to marches,” she said. “We grew up with that language… But I also feel like we came in and out of being activated.”
After high school, the twins shifted their priorities to focus on forging an independent music career that led to successful songs like “Walking with a Ghost” and “Back in Your Head” in the mid-2000s.
It wasn't until years later, after the election of former U.S. president Barack Obama, that Quin believes she was “re-invigorated around queer politics.” She saw awareness of LGBTQ rights in the mainstream dominated almost entirely by the conversation over marriage equality in the United States.
“I worried that once that was secured no one would pay attention to all the other issues — and that's exactly what happened,” she said.
Producing a mainstream pop album offered the sisters an opportunity to use the platform as a bullhorn for queer issues and LGBTQ causes that didn't have as flashy of a narrative as marriage.
While their identities didn't play an overt role in lush pop hits like 2013's “Closer” and “I Was a Fool,” suddenly they were thrust into the conversation about queer identity — an opportunity they took on wholeheartedly.
“We can't judge everyone else for letting go of the fight, we have to keep promoting the fight,” Quin said.
“It's not a phase, it's just part of my life.”
After U.S. President Donald Trump was elected in 2016, they created the Tegan and Sara Foundation to raise money for various LGBTQ issues and organizations. Right now, they're focused on gathering donations to help send 100 kids to LGBTQ summer camps in the U.S. and Canada.
But despite the duo's activism, they've yet to write any songs with an overt political bent — whether it's about Trump or Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
“I'm not envious of people putting out albums right now because there is such a desire to be political,” Quin said.
“I don't feel like writing political music because my life is so political. Music is where I go to retreat, not to go deeper into the hellhole I see around me all the time.”
While Tegan and Sara have plenty of opinions about Trump, some which they shared when they launched the LGBTQ foundation, Quin said she believes too much attention is being dedicated to blaming the president for bigger social problems.
“To me it's not really about him — it's about humanity and what he brings out,” she said.
These days, Quin and her sister are feeling nostalgic for another time. They're working on a memoir that will reflect on memories of growing up in the 1990s, before they embarked on serious music careers.
“Our childhood wasn't always easy,” Quin said, “but there was something extremely cool about the time we came up in — the music, culture and specifically the group of people we were involved with.”
They hope to pair the book with a podcast that incorporates music — though it won't be new songs from Tegan and Sara, Quin promises.
The sisters are on a songwriting break, at least for now, she added.
The hope is that'll give them both enough time to focus on charity work as they plow into uncharted territory for LGBTQ musicians.
“I love our career,” she said. “We are in our own lane.”
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
This race is like a presidential election in miniature.
Tuesday's special election in Georgia's 6th Congressional District is drawing national media attention, fundraising donations from the left and right from across the country, along with the involvement major special interest groups, and increasing attention from the White House.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ossoff on Trump: I don't have admiration for the man 4:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The major players in politics are going all out to influence the vote that will be seen as an early indicator of more consequential elections to come, especially next year's midterms.
While candidates have tried to turn back to local issues, that hasn't been easy in the face of an astounding $14 million spent on advertising, countless magazine profiles and other major coverage, and the intervention of everyone from Samuel L. Jackson to President Donald Trump.
Signaling the significance of the contest, Trump attacked the leading Democratic candidate, Jon Ossoff, on Twitter Monday morning and robocalls featuring the president were launched as well.
"Liberal Democrats from outside of Georgia are spending millions of dollars trying to take your Republican Congressional seat away from you. Don't let them do it," Trump said in the recorded message. "Tomorrow there is a special election for Congress in Georgia. Only you can stop the super liberal Democrats and Nancy Pelosi's group, and in particular, Jon Ossoff. If you don't vote tomorrow, Ossoff will raise your taxes, destroy your healthcare, and flood our country with illegal immigrants."
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 18, 2017
Eighteen candidates — 11 Republicans, 5 Democrats, and 2 independents — will appear on the ballot Tuesday to compete for two slots in a June runoff election. That's unless one of the hopefuls can break 50%, in which case they win outright and will be heading to D.C.
Polls show Ossoff, who has shattered fundraising records and largely consolidated support on his side of the aisle, is almost certain to crush the rest of the field. It's remarkable position for a 30-year-old first-time candidate who can't even vote for himself because he lives outside the district (he has promised to move). There's no legal requirement that congressional candidates reside in the districts in which they are running.
But it may be a Pyrrhic victory if Ossoff doesn't cross the 50% threshold — and the latest polls show he is unlikely to reach that level of support — since a one-on-one runoff would be harder than the divide-and-conquer approach he's using now. In that case, Ossoff would likely be facing a Republican with the GOP united behind its candidate, not fractured as the party is now.
Former Rep. Tom Price, who vacated the seat to join Trump's Cabinet as Secretary of Health and Human Services, was the latest GOP occupant of a seat his party has held for nearly 40 years. Former Speaker Newt Gingrich once represented the district, as did Johnny Isakson, who went on to earn a promotion to the Senate.
RELATED: Trump blasts Ossoff as the president jumps into the special election
But Trump, as both critics and fans will agree, has changed politics in unpredictable ways. No one yet knows what elections in the Trump era will look like, and this race will provide one key — if imperfect — data point.
None of the special elections this year have been as nationalized to the extent as the race in Georgia, making it the closest approximation of the country's mood to be tested at the ballot.
Even though analysts caution special elections are just that, and thus not extremely predictive, the outcome will influence decision-making of officials in both parties about where to allocate resources, how to deliver messages, and which candidates they can recruit for upcoming contests.
Democrats have held three focus groups in the district to glean lessons for the 2018 midterms about key demographic groups, including voters who switched from Mitt Romney to Hillary Clinton, young people and African-Americans.
Democrats have been crushed in the past two midterm elections in large part because their core demographic supporters tend to turn out in lower numbers in midterms than presidential elections. Republicans' older and whiter base is more reliable.
RELATED: The Dems vs. Trump: Everything you need to know
Liberals think antipathy to Trump, which has pushed millions of people into the streets, will also get them to the ballot box, but they have no proof of that yet.
Republicans, meanwhile, are trying to figure out how much distance they should put between themselves and Trump, whose approval rating has bounced around low 40s and high 30s for much of his first months in office.
They're already worried after a race in Kansas last week. In a district Trump won handily, the Democratic nominee lost but outperformed his party's November showing by 20 percentage points,
Georgia's 6th Congressional District is not a perfect testbed of national politics. It's more Republican, whiter, wealthier, and more educated than the nation as a whole. But it may be especially instructive about one key demographic — affluent, college-educated Republicans, who trended away from Trump last year.
Wednesday is Flag Day and the Rotary Club of Wichita Falls is honoring it by making sure the flag is flying high.
Newschannel 6 went with one of the flag teams to learn more about why they do what they do.
Members of the club and airmen at Sheppard Air Force Base gathered early in the morning to line flags all over Wichita Falls.
It is something that is very important to each and every one of them.
"I think when you go down the streets and you see these flags waving on these holidays, it adds value, it adds patriotism," Larry Tegtmeyer, President of the Rotary Club of Wichita Falls said. "It gives you a good sense of feeling for the community."
In 1916 President Woodrow Wilson issued a proclamation to establish June 14 as Flag Day to commemorate the adoption of the United States flag in 1777.
Just over 100 years later, the Rotary Club is still honoring the red, white, and blue.
"Yea we have to get up early on five holidays out of the year," Tegtmeyer said. "But it adds value. It makes me feel good to do good things for the community and for the country."
The group also runs flags across the streets on Memorial Day, Veterans Day, 4th of July, and Labor Day, with the help of airmen from Sheppard Air Force Base.
"They are involved in any little thing they can get involved in," Jill Patterson, a member of the Rotary Club of Wichita Falls said. "And we are so appreciative that they have decided they are going to help the Rotarian's. I think they do that because they realize what we do for the community and they want to be involved."
Why is it so important for members to get up early and take part?
"Life is so good for most of us," Patterson said. "My goodness, how can you not want to give back? And that's just what I tell myself when I have to get up at the wee hours of the morning. I may be old and I may be decrepit, but I can do something to help my flag team."
Rotary members encourage the community to get involved in some of the events and programs that they do, just like this one.
The funds from this event go to youth organizations in Wichita Falls.
They said they're always looking for news members.
The club meets at noon on Thursdays inside Luby's Cafeteria.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ News All Rights Reserved
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester FC midfielder Tom Shaw says the late 3-2 loss at home to Woking left him ‘devastated'.
The Blues looked to be heading for their first win at the Lookers Vauxhall Stadium in four months when leading 2-1 with five minutes to go, but late goals from the Cards consigned Chester to their 14th defeat in 19 games and left them looking nervously over their shoulder in the Vanarama National League.
The Blues are four points above the drop zone and face a crucial trip to Sutton United on Saturday (3pm), but vice-captain Shaw says that their inability to see out a game effectively was their undoing once again, preventing them from securing their National League status with games to spare.
“It is devastating to be honest,” said the Chester midfielder.
“We were eight minutes from having 55 points, the season wrapped up and everybody happy. Maybe we showed a bit of naivety to give them any sort of chance. They have not really threatened us all half and all of a sudden they are on top of us. Maybe we have got to manage the game better and just kick the ball away.
“At that stage the best teams just kick the ball out of the stand or boot it up the other end of the pitch and see the game out. We have just been a bit naive and it has cost us.
“You are going have to defend some sort of attack late on when a team is chasing it. You have got to stand up and defend it and we just haven't. I'm just devastated, all the lads are.
“Tactics go out the window when it's that desperate and it is all about being tough and resilient and we just haven't been. We have let ourselves down and we have let the manager down. We have to win from that position.
Chester could secure safety for another season at Sutton on Saturday and Shaw is hoping to avoid any final day nerves when they entertain Boreham Wood seven days later.
He added: “You can either feel sorry for yourself and it all goes down to the last dayand everyone is nervous or you can go about your business professionally this week and get it all wrapped up and we can enjoy a day in the sun on the last day of the season. We just have to find a way to win a game of football.”
Stocks fell sharply in early trading Friday, putting the market on track for its worst week in two years, as several large companies sank after reporting weak earnings.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Heart attacks and strokes fell by more than 6 percent three years after some New York counties banned trans fats, researchers reported Wednesday.
A national ban on trans fats starts in 2018 and the study by a team at Yale University shows it may not only cut deaths, but non-fatal heart attacks and strokes as well.
Trans fats, found in oils used to make cookies, crackers, microwave popcorn and to fry fast food, stay fresh longer than liquid fats. But the chemical process used to make them solid like butter also makes them clog arteries just like butter or lard does.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Study: There's Proof That Reducing Trans Fat Intake Improves Health 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
New York cities and counties were among the first to start banning them in restaurants and fast-food outlets. "New York City was the first large metropolitan area in the United States to restrict trans fats in eateries, starting July 2007," the researchers wrote in their report in the Journal of the American Medical Association's JAMA Cardiology.
Related: FDA to Limit Trans Fats in Foods
Dr. Eric Brandt, of the Yale University School of Medicine, and colleagues checked medical records to see if it made any real difference. It did, they reported.
They compared counties where there were bans to counties where there were not.
"There was an additional 6.2 percent decline in hospital admissions for myocardial infarction (heart attack) and stroke among populations living in counties with vs without trans-fatty acid restrictions," they wrote.
"A nationwide trans fat ban is a win for the millions of people at risk for cardiovascular disease," Brandt said in a statement.
French fries that were made in trans fat-free cooking oil are poured from the fryer in Newark, New Jersey on Feb. 16, 2007. Mike Derer / AP file
The team did not measure deaths but lower rates of strokes and heart attacks have been shown in many studies to results in lower rates of deaths, as well.
The Food and Drug Administration has ruled that partially hydrogenated oils are no longer "generally recognized as safe" or GRAS. That means that after 2018, food manufacturers would have to ask the FDA for permission to use them in food products.
Trans fats are formed when liquid oils are chemically altered using a process called hydrogenization. This makes them similar to butter or lard. But the process almost makes these fats at least as unhealthy as, if not more unhealthy than, saturated fats.
The food industry and even health advocates at first thought they were better for health. It wasn't until the 1980s that medical research began to show clearly that they are not.
Related: What's So Bad About Trans Fats?
The debate confused the U.S. public, and many people still believe that butter is better for health than margarine. That may have been true of the old margarines made using hydrogenated oils, but it's less true now. Butter does raise bad cholesterol, but margarines made using unsaturated fats and polyunsaturated fats do not.
“ A nationwide trans fat ban is a win for the millions of people at risk for cardiovascular disease.”
The FDA estimates that 80 percent of trans fats are already gone from U.S. foods.
Good substitutes for partially hydrogenated fats and saturated fats are liquid oils such as olive oil, canola oil and safflower oil.
"Consumption of trans-fatty acids is associated with unfavorable physiologic changes, including reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL or 'good') cholesterol and increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL or 'bad') cholesterol levels, triglycerides, markers of systemic inflammation (C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and tumor necrosis factor α), and endothelial cell dysfunction," the team wrote.
Related: New York City Bans Trans Fats
In other words, they clog arteries and make blood vessels unhealthy and inflamed.
Studies have shown that when people eat even small amounts, they have a higher risk of stroke, heart disease and sudden heart death.
Just 2 grams of trans fats can raise a person's risk, the researchers said. And it's easy to get that much.
"For example, a large order of Popeye's Louisiana Kitchen cajun fries contains 3.5 g of trans-fatty acids per serving, Taco Bell's Cinnabon Delights (12-pack) contain 2.0 g of trans-fatty acids per serving, and multiple varieties of Pillsbury Shape sugar cookies contain 2.5 g of trans-fatty acids per serving," they wrote.
Lawks, when are you going to stop banging on about boring bargain blowers?
Not until our keyboards crumble out from under our very fingers. There's too many people out there who've gradually been wangled onto a top-whack contract and then been encouraged to forget that £60-a-month is a shipload of cash. We're coming for you, poppets! Stay afloat just a little while longer!
Bog off. I like my big phone, and so I pay the big money.
Oh, but the direct debit devil has his horns thrust deep into your essence. Cast off your contractual shackles for a moment and think on the ways you could spend a handful of tens extra every month.
You could have both Netflix and Amazon, or those guitar lessons, or a petrol-paid trip to the seaside. Or send it to a couple of worthy causes – just so can sail smugly past those High Street clipboard chuggers with your head held high. “Medecins Sans Frontieres” you can say, instead of your usual “I no speaky the Eenglish.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace have suffered a massive setback with the news that Mamadou Sakho is set for a spell on the sidelines.
The Frenchman hobbled off with a calf injury during the first half of the game with Bournemouth on Saturday, with manager Roy Hodgson fearing it could be "weeks rather than days" out.
And his worst fears have been confirmed, with the former Liverpool man set for a lengthy spell out of the side at a crucial time.
Hodgson said: "He'll be out a long time, how long a time, I don't know, they won't put a time on it, but it's a serious muscle tear in his calf so I don't know, but it's weeks not days, I couldn't say if it was months.
"We'll miss him, in this period he's played a decisive role, been captain, shown his qualities and when you lose a player like that you can't be anything other than disappointed and sad."
'It's not about Christian Benteke, it's about the team' - former Crystal Palace man hits out at striker
There was better news on Yohan Cabaye though, who was replaced in the second half of the game against the Cherries after taking a hefty kick to his leg.
Hodgson added: "He took a knock didn't he? He was doing well, as he always does and he took a nasty kick, was limping a little bit, plus we had worked hard, it was getting late in the game, so we thought it was a good moment to give Yohan a breather and get fresh legs onto the field.
"He's perfectly ok though, it was a kick, nothing more."
Joel Ward remains sidelined for the visit of Watford tomorrow night.
A woman is behind bars after a vehicle pursuit Monday night in Marion County.
It started around 8 p.m. on Country Club Road in Fairmont and ended in the vicinity of Muriale's, according to 911 officials.
The woman hit a police cruiser, according to officials. She is currently in the North Central Regional Jail.
Fairmont police are investigating.
This is a developing story. Stick with 12 News for the latest developments
Tonto Dikeh, Jon Ogah Set for Abuja All White Pool Party – National Accord
National Accord Tonto Dikeh, Jon Ogah Set for Abuja All White Pool Party
National Accord
Music Act and Big brother Housemate, Jon Ogah and Nollywood Divas, Tonto Dikeh set to be live at Abuja All White Pool Party as event promises to bring together all the Top Personalities within the capital city and its environs to celebrate in a white …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TULSA, Okla. — The Latest on a Tulsa teenager accused of fatally shooting a man in front of his children and raping an 81-year-old woman during a series of crimes committed on Sunday (all times local):
5 p.m.
A Tulsa teenager accused of fatally shooting a man and raping an 81-year-old woman has been formally charged as an adult in connection with the attacks.
Sixteen-year-old Deonte James Green was charged Friday with 17 counts connected to series of crimes on Sunday, including first-degree murder, rape, kidnapping and robbery. He remains jailed in Tulsa County.
The Tulsa World reported Green had previously been booked into the Tulsa Jail on Sept. 22 for several property crimes and released just three days before the attacks.
Police say Green broke into a couple's south Tulsa residence on Sunday, robbed them and sexually assaulted the woman.
After leaving the residence, police say he approached a woman and her two daughters with a gun and forced them inside his home, where he shot and killed her husband in front of the couple's children.
——
2:45 p.m.
A Tulsa teenager accused of fatally shooting a man and raping an 81-year-old woman had been released from jail just three days before the attacks.
The 16-year-old boy remained jailed Friday on complaints of first-degree murder, first-degree rape, robbery and other complaints in connection with Sunday's attacks.
The Tulsa World reported the teen had been booked into the Tulsa Jail on Sept. 22 for several property crimes.
Juvenile proceedings are typically closed to the public. The newspaper obtained a copy of the teen's earlier arrest report because it was filed for consideration as a youthful offender case, which allows the state to levy harsher penalties for serious offences.
The Tulsa County District Attorney's Office declined youthful offender prosecution in the previous case in favour of sending it to the juvenile bureau.
São Paulo — Police have searched the offices of Philips in Brazil and are executing arrest warrants for two people linked to the Dutch electronics company.
Wednesday's operation is part of an investigation into suspected fraud in the supply of medical equipment to the National Institute of Traumatology and Orthopedics and the Rio de Janeiro Health Department.
Prosecutors allege that several companies formed a cartel to win and inflate contracts. In all, 22 arrest warrants were issued and 44 addresses searched.
Prosecutors say two warrants are for people linked to Philips. The company says one had been an executive who has left the company, while the other works in sales. It says the current employee was brought in for questioning and that the company is co-operating with the authorities.
MINNEAPOLIS — Philadelphia Eagles starting defensive tackle Tim Jernigan returned to practice Friday after missing two days this week because of an illness.
The NFC champions had everyone participate as they continued preparations to face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl on Sunday.
Coach Doug Pederson gave a lengthy speech after practice, according to a pool report.
“Play loose, have fun, enjoy the moment,” Pederson said he told his players. “These opportunities, as you know, don't come around every year. Also, make sure just to reflect on this season, reflect on the journey that got us here. But just play for one another, have fun and enjoy it.”
Hall of Famer Brett Favre, who was backed up by Pederson in Green Bay, is scheduled to address the Eagles on Saturday morning and the team will hold a 30-minute walkthrough at U.S. Bank Stadium.
——
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
Sports News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: BBC
2017-08-14
Andy Yiadom
Barnsley boss Paul Heckingbottom says Huddersfield Town target Andy Yiadom will not be considered for selection while he is “in limbo”.
The 25-year-old Ghana defender, who arrived from League Two side Barnet in May 2016, was left out of Saturday's home defeat by Ipswich having started their two previous games.
Heckingbottom said talks with Premier League newcomers are ongoing.
“In my eyes, I don't have Yids until I'm told different,” he said.
Talking to BBC Radio Sheffield, Heckingbottom added: “It wasn't right for me to involve Yids in the game on Saturday and if it is still the same, it won't be Tuesday because it is not fair on the other players.
“We are all preparing for our game and obviously Yids is in limbo at the minute.
“Until it is resolved one way or another and I'm told, I'm not considering him.”
Heckingbottom added that negotiations for the player, who made 33 appearances for the Championship club last season, “can't go much longer” and that he “expects” Yiadom's future to be known by Thursday.
“I'm not thinking about it until after the game on Tuesday,” he said.
(AP Photo/Gabriele Facciotti). Breezy Johnson, of the United States, prepares to start an alpine ski, women's world Cup downhill training, in Garmisch Partenkirchen, Germany, Saturday Feb. 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Marco Tacca). Lindsey Vonn, of the United States, smiles at the finish area during an alpine ski, women's world Cup downhill training, in Garmisch Partenkirchen, Germany, Saturday Feb. 3, 2018.
By ERIC WILLEMSEN
Associated Press
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, Germany (AP) - Americans Breezy Johnson and Lindsey Vonn posted the fastest times in World Cup downhill training on Saturday, less than two hours before the race.
Johnson timed 1 minute, 39.52 seconds on the Kandahar course and was 0.29 seconds faster than Vonn, who has won the race in the last two years and three times in total. Sofia Goggia of Italy was 0.01 further back in third.
Training was canceled on the previous two days, forcing organizers to stage the mandatory session just before the actual race.
Another downhill is scheduled for Sunday in the last weekend of World Cup racing before the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — The Latest on an explosion at a UPS freight hub in Kentucky (all times local):
10:40 a.m.
Fire department officials say fire damage was minimal in an explosion that rocked a UPS freight hub in Lexington, Kentucky.
Lexington Battalion Chief Jason Wells says the Wednesday morning blast included a small fire in the facility.
Wells says eight people received medical attention, but says they are “extremely lucky” the injuries weren't worse.
Wells says two people taken to the hospital suffered from burns and possible concussions, and six others in the vicinity of the explosion were taken to the hospital for observation as a precaution.
Wells told news outlets that a truck and trailer with an acetylene tank exploded in the building. The cause of the explosion wasn't yet known, but the blast wasn't suspicious.
Fire officials say the facility has been evacuated and everyone is accounted for.
——
9 a.m.
Police in Kentucky's second-largest city say they're responding to a large explosion.
News outlets report that a business in Lexington has been damaged by the Wednesday morning explosion. The reports say that the back of a building appears to have been damaged.
Businesses near the site on Blue Sky Parkway reported a loud explosion shortly before 8 a.m. EDT. The blast was felt inside other buildings.
Lexington police urged people to avoid the Blue Sky Parkway area.
No other details were immediately available.
The Mayor of Elkins along with several community members started an online campaign which grew larger than they could have expected.
Forest Festival prices continue to rise and many Randolph County citizens are not able to afford to take their children. Mayor Van Broughton decided to sponsor a couple wristbands and challenged others to do that same.
“Within 15-20 minutes I had a couple hundred dollars and it kept growing and also families would say 'well, I've got a friend in church; they could use some help' or 'my kids go to school with a kid that could use some help, and we'll sponsor them.' After a couple days I got lucky,” said Mayor Van Broughton.
The funds raised paid for 107 wristbands and 75 children were sponsored through friends or family to enjoy carnival rides and festival attractions.
As for the ads, you'll still have to listen to those with the new personalized playlists, but you may get a video advertisement every now and then that'll let you jam out without any interruptions for 30 minutes. Ads are annoying, without a doubt, but that's a small price to pay to get access to some free music. With the overhauled app, one of the things Spotify said it also wanted to focus on was reducing the amount of data people use while they're streaming. This may not be important for users without mobile data caps, but it'll come in handy for those who do. As such, the new version of the app comes with a data saver feature that can save you up to 75 percent on mobile data -- Spotify says that's based on a 3G connection.
Other than these changes, the Spotify app feels largely the same, with a dark theme and big imagery that makes it easy to browse thorough playlists, artists, albums and podcasts. If you're a paid user, you likely won't notice much of a difference, but for those who enjoy the free service those personalized, on-demand playlists are probably going to make them quite happy.
Harvey Weinstein arrives for arraignment at Manhattan Criminal Courthouse in handcuffs after being arrested and processed on charges of rape, committing a criminal sex act, sexual abuse and sexual misconduct on May 25, 2018 in New York City.
TORONTO — This wasn't the kind of MLS Cup performance the Seattle Sounders were hoping for.
Far from it.
Jozy Altidore opened the scoring in the 67th minute and Toronto FC beat Seattle 2-0 on Saturday to become the first Canadian champion in league history, and deny the Sounders a repeat triumph.
Toronto avenged a penalty-shootout loss to Seattle last year in the title game.
“Lifting this trophy has been an obsession for the last 364 days, not just for me but for every single guy on our team,” Toronto captain Michael Bradley said. “There's no other word for it.”
Sounders coach Brian Schmetzer pointed to a single statistic, duels won, to illustrate the disparity between the teams. Toronto won 58 duels to Seattle's 24.
“We picked the wrong time to have a game that was below our standards,” Schmetzer said. “We put our best attacking lineup out there but we weren't able to keep the ball in any part of the game. That was not one of our stellar performances.”
In the 67th, Sebastian Giovinco's pass from just inside the Seattle half helped Altidore split a pair of defenders. Altidore took a few steps to his left and fired the ball over goalkeeper Stefan Frei, setting off a wild celebration among the 30,584 fans that left BMO Field shaking.
Altidore's goal snapped Seattle's lengthy streak of keeping opponents off the scoreboard. The Sounders had not been scored upon since a 2-0 loss to Philadelphia on Oct. 1, going six games without conceding.
Victor Vasquez made it 2-0 in injury time from close range after substitute Armando Cooper's shot rebounded off the post.
Altidore was selected MLS Cup MVP.
“To cap it off the way we did shows what this team is all about,” he said.
Altidore scored in Toronto's 1-0 victory over Columbus Crew in the Eastern Conference final. He had 15 goals in the regular season, second on the team to Giovinco's 16. Altidore, who injured his right ankle minutes after scoring against the Crew, was replaced by Nick Hagglund in the 86th minute.
Toronto won the title in its 11th season, TFC did not reach the playoffs until 2015, the first season it avoided losing more often than it won.
Toronto's 69 points this season are the most in league history, and the team won its first Supporters' Shield as regular season champion. Toronto also won the Canadian domestic championship, defeating MLS rival Montreal Impact in that final.
“In terms of seasons, I think we had the greatest season in the history of the league,” Toronto coach Greg Vanney said. “I don't think it's debatable.”
Seattle was seeking to become the fourth back-to-back champion in league history, joining D.C. United (1996 and 1996), Houston (2006 and 2007) and the Los Angeles Galaxy (2011 and 2012).
“The final game is what matters most and we didn't come to play,” midfielder Cristian Roldan said.
Toronto outshot Seattle 22-7 and had 11 shots on target compared to two for the Sounders.
“At some point, if you're going to rely on your goalkeeper that often and in that many critical moments, one of them is going to get through,” Schmetzer said.
Frei, who began his MLS career in Toronto, said he was “frustrated and disappointed” by Seattle's failure to match Toronto's desire and intensity.
“I'm disappointed in our performance,” Frei said. “Toronto deserves to win, there's no two ways about it. You can only weather the storm for so long.
“I felt like we were defeated,” Frei added. “That's what's disappointing. I feel like we accepted defeat. Before they even scored we accepted the way the game was being played and it's good for us, obviously.”
After going without a shot on goal in last year's MLS Cup, Seattle struggled to find the target in the opening 30 minutes Saturday, finally ending its dubious streak when defender Joevin Jones fired a tame effort into the arms of goalkeeper Alex Bono.
“When you don't have any rhythm to your game, you don't create a ton of chances,” Schmetzer said.
The sturdy 14½ ” x 14½” x 3½” hinged and burn-engraved wooden box enclosing vinyl Ashley Monroe album, CD, ¾-sleeve sweatshirt, and press kit that Warner Nashville sent out in 2013 may or may not go down in history as the last great ridiculous swag item mailed to susceptible tastemakers before record companies opted to drastically cut back on pre-email publicity stunts. That it was used to promote Like a Rose–Monroe's second album, and to my ears still her wittiest, most energetic and best—may just mean I took the bait, but I don't think so. Since then, she's avoided rib-ticklers like “Weed Instead of Roses,” “You Ain't Dolly (and You Ain't Porter)” and the devastatingly broke and pregnant “Two Weeks Late,” not to mention rip-roarers like “Monroe Suede,” and gravitated almost entirely toward the sad songs that she'd always said came naturally, and that in fact had dominated her barely released and rarely heard but totally moving 2006 teenage debut Satisfied in the first place.
That no track from Monroe's own four albums has done nearly as well on country radio as her phone-call cameos on old collections by Blake Shelton and hack-rockers Train may explain…something. And back in Pistol Annies' “Takin' Pills,” Hippie Annie admittedly did warn us about her antidepressant and pain-med dosage. Plus, there's of course the career-trajectory phenomenon, in recent decades, where critically acclaimed not-quite-alt country women tend to metamorphosize in the direction of sultry/smoky/torchy if often rather vague mood and atmosphere. That seems part of what's happening on, say, class-of-2013 breakout peer Kacey Musgraves' new Golden Hour (her least compelling set partly because it's her least humorous including her Christmas one, and still not bad); it happened ages ago with k.d. lang and later Shelby Lynne, whose turn-of-the-millennium Dusty in Memphis homage I Am Shelby Lynne (Best New Artist Grammy despite being her sixth album!) gets echoed somewhat on Monroe's new Sparrow. An even more recent template, beginning with Sparrow's gauzy/blurry long-blonde-hair-cascading-down-right-cheek profile-shot cover, has to be Lee Ann Womack's There's More Where That Came From, the record that made countrypolitan revivalism safe for Americana purists, an album so behind and ahead of It's time that it got a vinyl release in 2005, when almost nothing did. Sounded lovely, but had nothing a fraction as funny as Womack's legit 1998 country smash “I'll Think of a Reason Later.” See what I'm getting at?
Lest my ambivalence overshadow all, Sparrow is quite a beaut, too. Dave Cobb, best known for hugely respected if ponderous affairs by serious fellas like Jason Isbell and Chris Stapleton (and now, as of the same release date as Monroe, old-timey pretenders Old Crow Medicine Show), has supplanted Vince Gill on the producer's barstool. But it ain't what you'd call stodgy. There are way more souped-up swooping strings (almost Chic-disco in “Hard on a Heart”) than on Monroe's likewise pained but more generic 2015 The Blade, and a Southern gothic veneer to opener “Orphan” and missing-and-missed miss mystery “Rita” that reminds you Monroe allegedly shares real-life DNA with the Carter Family. Dusty/Shelby soul inflections abound as well, especially in yearning erotic regret single “Hands on You,” which I hope some randy country DJ manages to segue into Eric Church's comparably wall-defiling and R&B'ed “Like a Wrecking Ball.” And Monroe looks at parenting from both sides now, cooing in “Mother's Daughter' about how commitment issues run in the family (nifty juxtaposition of “sayin' forever” and “stayin' together”), sending a sweet sing-songy note in “Daddy I Told You” to the man who cancer stole when she was 13, and seemingly embracing a daughter in the ‘60s-girlpop-sunny “She Wakes Me Up.”
The album's also got a bit of light religion (in “Keys to the Kingdom” and maybe “Hands on Me” if you're a blasphemer), whirligig organ breaks flashing back to Muscle Shoals and rocksteady and acid psych, some welcome humming, and more slurring of lyrics than is strictly necessary—though again, it's not hard to see what Monroe's going for. Sparrow transcends its own tastefulness, and odds are excellent you'll find it gorgeous. But I still hope not-quite-alt-country real-live-wires Ashley McBryde and Sarah Shook give us a couple more wild years before they follow in its woozy footsteps.
Aaron Bunger's body has still not been recovered. (Source: Air 3, WAVE 3 News)
GHENT, KY (WAVE) - A man who died in a coal ash pond at the LG&E/KU generating plant in Carroll County has been identified.
The coroner says the worker was Aaron Bunger, 36, of Trenton, Ohio.
>> PREVIOUS STORY: Employee killed at LG&E generating plant
He was killed Thursday when he "slipped into a coal ash pond," according to LG&E/KU spokeswoman Natasha Collins.
It happened around noon. Emergency crews were called, but his body could not be recovered and he was declared dead at 1:45 p.m.
Bunger was employed at Tetra Tech, a global services company based out of Pasadena, CA, working at the facility.
As of Friday evening, his body has still not been recovered.
Officials are working on a plan to do so that is as safe as possible with his contractor and LG&E/KU engineers.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All Rights Reserved.
OMG! Is Miracle Trying To Dump Nina After BBNaija? Here's What He Said
Miracle Dumps Nina After BBNaija? Just few days after the Grand finale of Reality Television Show, Big Brother Naija #BBNaija, questions as to whether romantically involved couple, Miracle and Nina will continue their relationship. The BBNaija Winner has probably confirmed this in a new interview. Here's what Miracle said in an Interview. Fans of have been …
This super post – OMG! Is Miracle Trying To Dump Nina After BBNaija? Here's What He Said appeared first on MYNAIJAINFO. Read Full Post >> myNAIJAinfo!.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from myNAIJAinfo!. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
US agrees to sell $12bn worth of fighter jets to Qatar despite ongoing crisis
Despite the diplomatic crisis going on between Qatar and a number of its Gulf neighbors, the United States has agreed…
Read » US agrees to sell $12bn worth of fighter jets to Qatar despite ongoing crisis on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — A Conservative MP stung by the sudden death of colleague Gord Brown is handing out pill case keychains on Parliament Hill, urging everyone he sees to carry a couple of potentially life-saving aspirin.
Rob Nicholson says that after Brown's fatal collapse earlier this month in his Parliament Hill office, he felt the need to do something — so Nicholson went online and ordered hundreds of the keychains to hand out on the Hill and in his Niagara Falls riding.
Nicholson wants to encourage others to follow suit, arguing that people are more likely to carry the keychains than a bottle of pills from their medicine cabinet.
Nicholson announced the initiative today alongside Brown's widow, Claudine Courtois.
He says the idea is to have aspirin on hand at all times, to be chewed when the symptoms strike — a measure that's known to buy heart attack victims precious minutes before help arrives.
Nicholson says he was at a conference a few years back when he heard about others carrying aspirin keychains, and was inspired to carry one himself.
He also says it would be an “excellent idea” for the House of Commons to install defibrillators, something he's heard from others over the years.
Following his news conference, Nicholson handed a keychain to Liberal MP Celina Caesar-Chavannes.
“Love it,” she said, adding, “You always know where your keys are.”
You know what's exhausting? Dinner. Well, not eating it, but deciding what to have. In my household we can take hours tossing the question back and forth, “What do you want?” only to have the other one say “I don't know. What do you want?” And then polite society crumbles as the hungry inhabitants repeat this every 10 minutes until one of us gives up and searches out the cereal bowl or the take-out menu.
The dinner debate doesn't sound too bad, but when you factor in that we're all cranky from our lengthy commutes and the long work week — it's akin to poking a bear with a stick.
In an effort to skirt the dinner debate you could try this savory and gloriously cheesy recipe for Sun-Dried Tomatoes with Chicken Florentine Pasta. It includes chicken, pasta and veggies and the holy grail that is cheese. (Have I mentioned my love of cheese yet? No. OK, I love cheese the way picky toddlers without food allergies love peanut butter.) So it should work with even the fussiest eaters at your table. If you're trying to feed people who don't like cheese … well you might want to look at one of our non-cheese recipes online.
Did I mention that this sounds fancy? This recipe can trick people into thinking you know how to cook — and it takes less than half an hour to make.
Sun-Dried Tomatoes with Chicken Florentine Pasta
Serves 4
8 oz. ziti
1 lb. chicken (sliced into bite-size pieces)
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon all purpose seasoning for chicken
¼ teaspoon cayenne
7 oz. sun-dried tomatoes
3 cloves garlic/ tablespoons diced garlic
½ cup half-and-half
1 ½ cup milk
½ cup chicken broth
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
3 cups spinach
Boil a pot of water for the pasta. While waiting for the water, add the butter to a skillet on a medium heat. Add the chicken to the skillet with the seasoning and cayenne until the chicken is sauteéd (I used herbes de Provence but any basic seasoning works). While the chicken is cooking in the skillet, drain and rinse the oil from the sun-dried tomatoes. Cut them into smaller pieces if desired. Once the chicken is cooked through, add the garlic and sun-dried tomatoes to the skillet and sauté for four minutes. Add the pasta to the boiling water and stir until al dente. Add the milk, half-and-half, chicken broth and cheese to the skillet and stir until the cheese melts into the sauce and it's smooth. Once the pasta is done, drain the water and stir the pasta and spinach into the skillet. The spinach shrinks up to nothing, so if you're preparing the dish for people who enjoy spinach or Popeye the Sailor, feel free to add a few more cups. Once all the ingredients are stirred together it is ready to serve.
Two people were arrested following a traffic stop in McCracken County, Ky. on May 30 at 12:14 a.m.
According to the McCracken County Sheriff's Department, deputies stopped a vehicle going too slow on I-24. Deputies determined immediately that the driver, 25-year-old Calvin Bingham, was under the influence.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Bingham's license was also suspended from a previous DUI conviction. During a search of the vehicle, deputies found used hypodermic syringes and needles and a baggie of suspected Marijuana. A search of the passenger, 27-year-old, Christian Ringstaff, suspected marijuana and methamphetamine.
Deputies also found a loaded handgun with ammunition, more methamphetamine, marijuana, suboxone pills and drug paraphernalia. $221 was also found, which deputies believe to be related to illegal drug sales.
A total of 25 grams of meth was seized, which had a street value of $2,500.
Bingham was charged with Driving Too Slow for Traffic Conditions/Minimum Speed Limit, Careless Driving, DUI 2nd Offense, Driving DUI Suspended License – 1st Offense (Aggravated Circumstances), Possession of Marijuana, Trafficking Controlled Substance 1st Degree, 1st Offense, Possession Controlled Substance 2nd Degree (Drug Unspecified). Possession of Handgun by Convicted Felon, Tampering With Physical Evidence, Drug Paraphernalia and Failure to Produce Insurance Card.
Ringstaff was also charged with Trafficking Controlled Substance 1st Degree, 1st Offense (> OR = 2 grams Methamphetamine), Possession of Marijuana and Drug Paraphernalia – BUY/POSSESS
Both Bingham and Ringstaff were taken to the McCracken County Jail.
Copyright 2018 KFVS. All rights reserved.
A Southwest Airlines pilot was arrested on a weapons charge in New York Monday after airport security officers discovered a loaded handgun in his carry-on bag.
Erik Gibson, 55, was slated to pilot a flight to Chicago when Transportation Security Administration officials found the .380-caliber handgun during a routine screening, Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple said.
Gibson told authorities he forgot he was carrying the gun, Apple said. He had flown to Albany from New Orleans on Sunday but had gone through a crew line that did not have security screening.
“This incident highlights the importance of what TSA and its dedicated security officers do each and every day in protecting the flying public,” TSA Upstate New York Federal Security Director Bart Johnson said “I am grateful to the support that the Albany County Sheriff's Office provides to TSA on a daily basis.”
Apple said Gibson was charged with misdemeanor weapon possession and released on $200 bail.
It was the second gun found by Albany baggage screeners in four weeks.
Firearms, firearm parts and ammo are not allowed in carry-on bags, but they can be transported in checked bags only if they are properly stored and declared to the airline, according to CBS DFW.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The Latest on a fatal shooting captured on video and later shared on Facebook (all times local):
7:15 a.m.
A gun range owner says the suspect in a random Cleveland killing that was recorded and posted to Facebook had shot at his facility, and video shows he was warned for breaking rules by practicing “rapid fire.”
Owner Blake Frederick says suspect Steve Stephens visited Sherwin Shooting Sports within the past year. Frederick tells Cleveland.com he recalls Stephens as nice and jovial, not negative.
WEWS-TV reports that a video Stephens posted to Facebook last year showed him rapidly firing at targets at the range in Willoughby and being warned to stop by an employee.
Police say the 37-year-old Stephens had a permit to carry a concealed weapon.
The multistate manhunt for him stretched into a third day Tuesday. He's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the Sunday shooting death of a 74-year-old retiree.
___
1 a.m.
A multistate manhunt for the suspect in a random killing that Cleveland police say he recorded and posted to Facebook is entering its third day.
Authorities say it's now a nationwide search for 37-year-old Steve Stephens, who's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the shooting death of a 74-year-old retired man in Cleveland on Sunday.
Videos Stephens shared show him talking about his despair over gambling debts and trouble with his girlfriend.
On Monday evening, Facebook announced that it was launching a review for reporting harmful content following the killing. The company says it disabled Stephen's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the video of the fatal shooting and two hours after receiving any report. Facebook says, “we know we need to do better.”
The Dow Jones Industrial Average opened sharply higher on Monday after deescalating tension with North Korea eased pressure on markets.
With futures indicating a strong start to the week, the Dow quickly soared by over 140 points after the opening bell, with the S&P up by 14 points.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Guam, Japan prepares for possible missile strike amid North Korea tension 2:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"What we're seeing is a bit of a relief rally," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial, told CNBC. "The reason for that is the rhetoric has toned down, for the moment."
Over the weekend, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense James Mattis penned an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that sought to clarify the extent to which diplomatic solutions with Pyongyang would be pursued. The authors wrote of Donald Trump's administration's “peaceful pressure campaign” and “diplomatic approach” to North Korea's denuclearization, while noting the regime's “dishonesty” and “repeated violations.”
Although markets are constantly trying to anticipate, historically there is "relatively little volatility when it comes to stock market and North Korean provocations,” Kent Boydston, a research analyst at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, told NBC News.
Related: Wall Street Is Taking Note of Trump, Kim War of Words
The rebound in equities reflects renewed confidence in assets and the global economy in general, including data from Japan that showed economic growth at 4 percent, marking that nation's longest growth streak since 2006.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Students at Helsby High School took part in a range of activities with the theme All Different, All Equal.
The school held a non-uniform day when children and staff had to wear something blue to support the cause and raise awareness for anti-bullying week.
They raised £1,200 in donations, which will go to the charity Bullying UK.
Year 11 student leaders produced a video clip, which is hosted on the school's YouTube channel, which sees students from all year groups contributing.
This video clip was played in assemblies and in form time.
Students from all form classes held class discussions on four main questions:
1. What is bullying?
2. Who can you go to for help?
3. Why is it important to stop bullying?
4. Is there anything we could do at Helsby High School to help prevent it?
(Image: UGC)
Each form class was then given the opportunity to contribute to the anti-bullying board.
The next step is for this information to be collated and shared with the student leaders and pastoral leaders. A set of action points will then be created.
At Helsby High School, they take any reporting of alleged bullying very seriously. As a school community they do not tolerate any form of bullying.
Each and every member of the school community has a part to play in this by either reporting or helping to resolve any alleged bullying.
All students are expected to treat fellow students with respect and consideration by following the school's Code of Conduct.
The school strives that if a student is experiencing bullying or has witnessed bullying, they are able to voice their concerns without fear or prejudice.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The New York Giants have re-signed defensive end Kerry Wynn and added three other free agents, including a wide receiver who has returned kickoffs.
The Giants announced the moves Monday with the newcomers being receiver Cody Latimer, defensive end Josh Mauro and cornerback B.W. Webb.
Wynn has played in 49 regular-season games with 10 starts since making the team as a free agent out of Richmond in 2014. He has 91 tackles, three sacks, three fumble recoveries and one forced fumble. Last season, he played in 15 games with three starts.
Latimer played his first four seasons for the Denver Broncos, appearing in 45 regular-season games with three starts. He had 35 receptions for 445 yards and three touchdowns. Latimer also averaged 24.4 yards on 18 kickoff returns. He finished with a career-high 19 receptions for 287 yards and two touchdowns in 2017.
Mauro is being reunited with defensive co-ordinator James Bettcher. He played his four seasons for the Arizona Cardinals, the past three under Bettcher.
Undrafted coming out of Stanford, Mauro played in 47 games with 26 starts for the Cardinals. He had 92 tackles, two sacks, two forced fumbles and one fumble recovery. He started seven of the 13 games last season.
Webb did not play in a regular-season game last season. He was on the Cleveland Browns' roster for one game in December but was inactive.
A fourth-round draft pick out of William & Mary in 2013, Webb had played with Dallas, Pittsburgh, Tennessee and New Orleans.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and — http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester FC boss Jon McCarthy insisted his struggling side did not get what they deserved as they went down to a 'cruel' 3-2 defeat to Woking as their losing run at the Lookers Vauxhall Stadium stretched to seven games.
The Blues looked to be heading for their first home win of 2017 after Liam Davies, with his first goal for the club, and Elliott Durrell, with his ninth of the season, cancelled out Brian Saah's opener.
But relegation-threatened Woking snatched the points at the death through substitute Connor Hall and an injury-time penalty from Gozie Ugwu
And McCarthy said: "It was a very nervous, anxious first 20 minutes, which seems to have been building up around the place, and then there was a good response from my players.
"It felt like we dominated the second half to get into the position when we were 2-1 up. We were minutes away from getting what we deserved today,
"Football is a very cruel game. We are very low, very flat in there, but we'll pick them up and attack the next couple of games, but it seems like the footballing Gods didn't smile on us.
"We worked today, we performed today, and I think when people go away they will accept that in terms of a home performance of late, so to go away with absolutely nothing it hurts."
(Photo: Terry Marland)
You have to go back four months, to December 17, for the last time Chester won in front of their own supporters.
And since that 2-0 triumph over Aldershot Town they have lost 14 of their following 19 matches to slip from seventh in the table and six points off the play-off places to 16th and four points above the drop spots.
The Blues are not mathematically safe yet going into their final games of the campaign away to Sutton United and at home to Boreham Wood.
And McCarthy, who once again stressed his players had not let him down, said: "I'm aware of all the statistics. I know them better than you and everybody.
"We're working very hard, we're going to stick together, and some of the statistics would show we have 52 points and the best goal difference of all the other teams. There are quite a few teams below us who have a worse record than us so it can be spun around.
"We've done all right to get ourselves into this position, we would have liked to have finished it off and been away from it, and we are aware of the sitation.
"But actually we have still got 52 points, plus the best goal difference, and we put in a good performance today."
Youths Must Shun Corruption For Nigeria To Be Great – Osinbajo
For Nigeria to be great, children and youths must shun corrupt practices, and instead work hard and be honest citizens so that they too can make Nigeria great, according to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN. According to a statement by his spokesman, Laolu Akande ,Prof. Osinbajo said this during an event to mark the 2018 […]
The post Youths Must Shun Corruption For Nigeria To Be Great – Osinbajo appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Chance, the Vegas Golden Knights mascot, arrives in a Batmobile prior to Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Fans wait to get in for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights fans cheer outside T-Mobile Arena prior to Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Fans arrive for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights (all times local):
___
4:17 p.m.
Hours before Vegas hosted Washington in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final, fans filed in the plaza outside T-Mobile Arena on a 98-degree day in the desert.
Some of those gathered were holding the hottest ticket in town. Many planned to simply soak up the atmosphere while watching the game on big screens outside the arena with thousands of new friends.
The Golden Knights' logo was worked into hairdos of fans willing to make the commitment while others opted to have their face painted in black and gold.
___
2:13 p.m.
The Strip has hosted countless events over the years, featuring stars on stage and in the ring.
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list.
And, Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow.
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals, co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes.
There also were big hits, some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night.
Washington's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas' Jonathan Marchessault after he passed the puck in Game 1. Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Today, Avicii's “Levels” stands as one of the triumphs of the early EDM era, a single riff combined with an Etta James sample and built upwards into the clouds. The song doesn't sound produced so much as discovered, a ball of energy that could neither be created nor destroyed. Its success announced not just the arrival of a new star, but the ascent of a new genre: EDM, a post-recession sound that presented populist electronic music as a short-term fix for both music industry stagnation and millenial—sometimes millenarian—angst.
On Friday, April 20, the song's creator, Swedish DJ and producer Avicii, was found dead in Muscat, Oman, the cause of death not yet known. His real name was Tim Bergling, and he was 28 years old. In the seven years since the release of “Levels,” Bergling became the face of the mainstream embrace of EDM. Diplo called him “the best of this generation” in a post on Instagram, and at Coachella this past weekend, Kygo told crowd that “Avicii was my biggest musical inspiration and he was the reason I started making electronic music.” Nile Rodgers, the guitarist from the disco band Chic, said he was “one of the greatest, natural melody writers I've ever worked with” and referred to him as “my little bro.”
Bergling was born and raised in Stockholm, and honed his production skills on a message board administered by the DJ Laidback Luke as a teenager. In 2010, he scored a minor hit with “Seek Bromance,” which crossed over to pop radio in some of Europe. He followed with “Levels,” and the song went platinum in 11 countries—even the United States, where dance music had long struggled to reach a mass audience.
He would go on to release two studio albums, True and Stories, as well as four EPs. Sixteen of his singles went platinum in Europe and three (“Levels,” “Wake Me Up,” and “Hey Brother”) did so in the United States. As a DJ, he headlined festivals like Ultra, Electric Daisy Carnival, and Tomorrowland alongside established artists like David Guetta and Swedish House Mafia. He was the first major star that EDM created, and in the genre's instant feedback loop, it felt to many as though he was the star who had created EDM.
Avicii's quick rise made him both a posterboy of EDM's success and a target for the backlash against it. In 2013, a vicious yet well-received GQ profile condemned not just the artist but also his fans, branding them a mindless flock of “Oontz-a-Loompas.” To his fans, however, Avicii was an innovator and a fellow-traveler. “Levels,” save the Etta James loop, is just an instrumental, but when his songs included lyrics, they often returned to themes of loneliness and connection. Rather than tell stories, they voiced fleeting desires almost religious in content: the longing for connection and harmony, the hope of finding a purpose bigger than one's self.
The new lyrical mode dovetailed with a sonic structure that, like most of EDM's big hits, rose and fell, triggering endorphin release with almost exploitative regularity while never totally erasing the existential potency of that term loop. Songs like “Hey Brother” and “I Could Be the One” go round and round and round in the circle game, as Joni Mitchell once put it. They take the listener up and down, but don't end in fulfillment or resolution. Instead, they gesture outside themselves, implying a community, somewhere, of people who have the same fears and listen to the same songs. The resolution here, is not in the lyrics or melody but at the festival (or the Avicii show), where angsty millennials could go and, at the very least, be together, listening to Avicii.
Despite this emphasis on performance, Bergling retired from touring in 2016, and only recently began to open up about the toll that playing shows had taken on him. (At small gigs he would occasionally play a dance remix of the Miracles' “Tracks of My Tears.”) “The one thing that kept me from stopping was that I felt weird–like, ‘Why the fuck can't I enjoy this like all the other DJs?'” he told Rolling Stone late last year. Bergling realized—in fact, he experienced—one thing that EDM's critics got right: that, taken to the extreme, the genre's emphasis on pleasure could have devastating physical and psychological effects. It could pathologize those who felt the very boredom and dissatisfaction from which the music in part arose. (Not long after becoming a star, Bergling became dependent on alcohol and developed acute pancreatitis.)
Outside EDM, he is likely best known for his song “Wake Me Up,” a Top 5 hit on Billboard's Hot 100. His song “Silhouettes,” from 2012, had proclaimed that “we would never get back to / to the old school.” Less than a year later, he debuted “Wake Me Up” by inviting bluegrass musicians to join him onstage, again at Ultra Music Festival. The performance was excessive even by the excessive standards of EDM. It is, in retrospect, the only moment in the genre's strange history that felt genuinely shocking.
In fact, the most shocking part of the Ultra performance, Bergling's reverse Dylan, may be that it wasn't even a gimmick. Or at least that, for Bergling, it was much more than one. Ahead of the show, he had listened to enough bluegrass to request the involvement of a specific vocalist, Dan Tyminski, and completed a session with 71-year-old “In the Ghetto” songwriter Mac Davis, who was also joined him onstage. Later, he visited Nashville to collaborate with country artists like Kacey Musgraves and Thomas Rhett.
In interviews, Bergling's collaborators emphasized his extraordinary talent for creating music that many still mistake for simple. Nile Rodgers went so far as to call Bergling “the John Coltrane of FruityLoops,” the person who finally convinced him that digital beatmaking is a serious art. Yet Rodgers also saw the effect alcohol was having on the DJ. On Friday, he recalled the heartbreak he felt the last time he saw him, at a show both where both artists were performing: “It was a little bit sad to me because he had promised me he would stop drinking, and when I saw him he was drunk that night. And I was like, ‘Whoa. Dude. C'mon. What are you doing?'”
If Avicii was a symbol of EDM, he suffered a sort of symbolic death in Mike Posner's “I Took a Pill in Ibiza,” a 2016 hit thanks to a remix from the duo Seeb. The song begins with Posner taking the pill of the title in order to impress Bergling, who thus becomes the accidental vendor of the very lifestyle he had grown to distrust. It's a song about trying to move forward, both personally and musically, and in it the name “Avicii” stands for a decadent past.
Still, Bergling was uniquely positioned to survive the end of EDM. He never seemed comfortable being the genre's symbol and would insist that people call him not Avicii, but by his first name Tim. The Avīci (01) EP, released last August, showed that he was still searching for new sounds and still writing some of the sweetest melodies in pop. “Lonely Together,” his final single, used soft, unsteady synths to express the desire for connection that has always felt like the heart of his music.
Everybody remembers the chord progression of “Levels,” and the optimistic Etta James sample, but the song has another element that's often forgotten. Two minutes into the radio edit, tucked quietly in the trough between two big hooks, it seems to have been forgotten even by the song itself. Yet for ten seconds, melancholy strings take hold of the melody in ambiguous counterpoint, whispering a secret message soon swept up by the beat. When I listen now I hear a bit of sadness lost in the rave, a small premonition of what's to come.
WASHINGTON — Congressional Democrats — Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Elizabeth Warren among them — along with the Democratic National Committee are starting to give charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan Harvey Weinstein.
Weinstein and his family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
The party's effort to separate itself from the 65-year-old film executive came after The New York Times reported that he has settled sexual harassment lawsuits with at least eight women.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Harvey Weinstein takes leave of absence amid sex harassment allegations 0:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Weinstein's contributions are tiny compared to the biggest political donors, not even placing him among the top 100 funders. But he's been a fixture among Democratic supporters for decades, making the revelations especially embarrassing for a party that touts itself as pushing progressive policies for women.
The biggest recipients of Weinstein's largesse were the Democratic National Committee, the party's senatorial and House campaign committees, and Hillary Clinton, the party's 2016 presidential candidate and former senator, the Center's data showed.
The DNC says it will give "over $30,000" of Weinstein's donations last year to Emily's List, Emerge America and Higher Heights.
The GOP jumped on the episode, happy to force Democrats to return the funds or associate themselves with Weinstein.
"Returning this dirty money should be a no-brainer," said Republican Party Chair Ronna McDaniel.
Schumer, D-N.Y., is donating thousands of dollars to several charities supporting women, said spokesman Matt House.
Warren spokeswoman Kristen Orthman said the senator is giving $5,000 to Casa Myrna, Boston's largest provider of services to domestic violence victims.
Another possible presidential contender, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., will not accept any future Weinstein contributions, said senior adviser Glen Caplin. He said Gillibrand will donate $11,800 to RAINN, an organization that helps survivors of sexual violence.
"Kirsten invites the right-wing activists using this terrible story as a political tool to join her in actually working to combat sexual assault and sexual harassment in our society," Caplin said.
Other Democratic recipients of Weinstein contributions who say they're donating to charitable groups include Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey — another possible presidential hopeful — as well as Sens. Al Franken of Minnesota, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut.
Demands to return campaign dollars are a staple of Washington politics practiced by both parties.
Republicans pressured Democratic candidates in 2011 to return donations from former Rep. Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., who had resigned when his lewd online behavior became public.
Democrats did the same after former House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., was sentenced to prison last year in a hush-money case that stemmed from decades-old sexual abuse during his years as a wrestling coach.
The report on Weinstein came almost exactly a year after the election-campaign release of audio from 2005 in which now-President Donald Trump made offensive, lewd comments about women.
Sunderland's League One rivals are busy preparing for the new campaign, with plenty of transfers already completed.
Jack Ross is yet to seal his first signing as Sunderland - although our sister title, the Scotsman, exclusively revealed his interest in a top flight striker.
Here's the League One transfer news hitting the headlines today:
Sunderland have been thwarted in their attempts to sign striker Florian Kamberi. The Swiss attacker, who spent the second half of last season on loan at Hibernian, had caught the eye of Ross after a successful loan spell north of the border. The Black Cats had hoped to seal a deal ahead of Hibernian, who have until 14 June to make his loan move permanent. But with parent club Grasshoppers demanding a fee close to €2 million, Sunderland have turned their attentions elsewhere (The Scotsman)
Meanwhile, Black Cats midfielder Didier Ndong could be handed another shot at the Premier League with Cardiff City. Reports claim that the Bluebirds are keen on the 23-year-old, who is also attracting attention from France (Watford Observer)
Charlton Athletic have seen young prospect Regan Charles-Cook leave the club. The midfielder, who came through the youth ranks at the Valley, has turned down a new contract with the Addicks to sign for League One rivals Gillingham (Kent Online)
Recently-relegated Barnsley are eyeing up a move for Plymouth defender Sonny Bradley. Hailing from Hull, Bradley is keen to return to nearer his hometown and will not be short of admirers after an impressive 2017/18 season (Yorkshire Post)
Barnsley midfielder Stevie Mallan is interesting three League One clubs - Coventry, Shrewsbury and Luton (The Daily Record)
Defender Omar Beckles has been linked with a move away from Shrewsbury, but the play-off finalists claim they have received no approaches (Shropshire Star)
Waslall midfielder Ehrun Oztumer - nicknamed the 'Turkish Messi' is drawing plenty of admirers, with Bradford City the latest side to express their interest (Yorkshire Post)
With only hours to go before the first of seven death row inmates were scheduled to be executed, the Arkansas Supreme Court halted the procedures, putting yet another legal roadblock in the state's plan to conduct an unprecedented number of executions before the end of the month.
Monday's move grants stays for Bruce Ward and Don Davis.
Lawyers for the men wanted the stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a case on access to independent mental health experts by defendants.
The Supreme Court is set to hold oral arguments in the case on April 24 – putting a serious time constraint on Arkansas, which is trying to fast-track the lethal injections before one of the three key execution drugs expire on April 30.
There was a flurry of activity over the executions this past weekend.
A federal judge on Saturday temporarily blocked plans by the state to push through the executions, claiming that Arkansas' rush to execute is reckless and unconstitutional. In response, state Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said all the issues being raised previously had been dealt with and claimed it was a stalling tactic.
“Appellees have had multiple opportunities to challenge their convictions, sentences, and – critically – their method of execution,” Rutledge said in a court brief. “Their guilt is beyond dispute.”
The inmates are all convicted murderers, including one found guilty of raping and murdering a mother of two and another convicted in the torture-killing of a 15-year-old boy.
The unprecedented pace of executions sought by the state stems from a practical dilemma – its supply of midazolam, one of three drugs used in its lethal injection procedure, is set to expire at the end of the month. Since 2013, at least four botched executions have been traced back to midazolam.
The executions had originally been expected to start on Monday. But even before the federal judge decision over the weekend, a state judge on Friday blocked the use of one of the drugs used in the three-drug lethal cocktail after a complaint from a drug distributor — though the company said Saturday it was withdrawing its complaint due to the federal order.
ARKANSAS EXECUTIONS: WHO'S ON DEATH ROW
The ongoing court battles are part of a remarkable push; no state has tried to execute so many people in such a short period – or with so much controversy over how the punishment is carried out.
Robert Dunham, president of the Death Penalty Information Center, told Reuters that midazolam is an “inappropriate drug under any circumstance and carries an inherent risk of something going wrong.”
Arizona, Kentucky and Florida have abandoned the use of the drug.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson, a Republican, is pushing back on criticism and says the state has waited long enough – in some cases, more than two decades, for justice.
During a press conference in February, Hutchinson defended his actions, saying it wasn't his “choice” to schedule the executions so close together.
“I would love to have those extended over a period of multiple months and years, but that's not the circumstances that I find myself in,” he said.
Initially, eight men were on the calendar to die in 11 days but a federal judge on Thursday ordered a stay for Bruce Ward following a recommendation from the Arkansas Parole Board that he be granted clemency. Ward was set to be put to death on Monday.
The death row inmates scheduled for execution are all men — four are black, three are white and all were convicted of murder.
Arkansas has not had an execution in more than a decade. If the state gets its way, it could perform three pairs of dual executions, though critics warn this increases the chances of something going wrong.
Defense attorney Jeff Rosenzweig, who represents three of the men the state is looking to execute, argues Arkansas' rush to complete the executions is unconstitutional and “reeks of an assembly line.”
“The kindest word I can say is that it's unseemly,” he told Fox News during a phone interview.
The race for the state to beat the drug expiration deadline has set off protests from corrections officers, human rights groups and religious leaders, as well as last-minute legal challenges from the inmates and pharmaceutical makers.
Protesters started flooding the state capitol in Little Rock on Friday to urge Hutchinson to block the executions.
The acting director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement told the head of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus that last week's immigration arrests were a "a broader effort that can be aimed at anyone with a criminal record or is suspected at criminal activity."
Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham said she spoke with ICE acting director Thomas Homan Tuesday after the agency canceled a meeting that was planned with several members of the caucus. ICE told Grisham, D-N.M., it wanted to open the meeting to others and allow it to be bipartisan.
Grisham said she persisted for details on who was arrested by ICE fugitive operations teams that conducted sweeps last week in several cities around the country.
"He confirmed ... that unlike other actions in the past that this is a broader effort that can be aimed at anyone that has a criminal record or is suspected of criminal activity, which meets the language of course of broader discretion to Homeland Security and I'm very concerned about that because that's a shift," Grisham said.
ICE had insisted it was carrying out immigration operations as it had always done. NBC News reached out to ICE Tuesday for comment on its guidelines and the arrests, but did not get a response.
ICE officers detain a suspect as they conduct a targeted enforcement operation in Los Angeles, California, U.S. on February 7, 2017. HANDOUT / Reuters
However, the executive orders that President Donald Trump issued greatly expand the immigrants who are priorities for arrest than who were priorities under the Obama administration.
RELATED: Will Trump's 'Deportation Force' Differ from Obama Strategy?
"Instead of dealing with dangerous criminals who we can certainly understand and expect that based on public safety would be individuals that would be a priority of any administration in any of our communities, this appears — based on that conversation I just had and the fact they canceled the meeting and the fact that we don't have that data —that this was a different effort in its entirety," Grisham said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Deportation raids: Routine or ramping up? 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
She said ICE has scheduled a new meeting with members of Congress on Thursday. Grisham said Homan "made it clear" to her that the cancellation of the CHC meeting came from higher up and "I believe I'm accurately reflecting his statement when he said Kelly and the White House."
Grisham and other congressional members said they don't know whether ICE agents have been given any new guidelines for arrests, despite reports that a memo has been issued. The members said they've gotten different reports from different agents and districts on whether they have guidelines for following Trump's executive orders, which give immigration officers wide discretion on who to arrest.
"The discretion does not look like it is effectively administered so that it is uniform ... and there's broad discretion region to region, state to state, which is also problematic," Grisham said.
The Obama administration set priorities for who to arrest and deport and its operations teams increasingly targeted those immigrants.
Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham, D-N.M., speaks as members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus hold a news conference to speak out against the House Republican budget and its impact on the Latino community on Tuesday, March 24, 2015. Bill Clark / CQ-Roll Call,Inc.
Rep. Zoe Lofgren, D-Calif., said that under Obama the target was dangerous criminals, but if the nanny lived next door, agents didn't also go after the nanny, if she had not committed serious crimes.
"It looks like, if the dangerous criminal is there and there are random other people there, they are picking up those people too," Lofgren said.
She said there has been a press report of a guidance memo and members of Congress would like to see it. "It's not secret. This is a country of laws and we think the public should know what's in that memo and we will ask for that as well as any guidance that has been given to field staff."
But Grisham said a Los Angeles ICE director told her there has been no guidance or memo, there have been no efforts "to do this" across the country. "It's all being done verbally," she said.
Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill. said members don't know if ICE agents are acting on their own interpretation of Trump's executive order.
During the Bush administration, fugitive operations teams also went after a wider target and a Migration Policy Institute study found that from 2003 to 2008, some 75 percent of the people they were arresting were not criminals. The operations team' budget and personnel increased during that time.
Rep. Judy Chu, D-Calif., said her constituents are "freaked out."
Residents in her district told her that last Thursday, six armed vehicles came into their neighborhood with men "with all kinds of weapons and they were hunting down undocumented men."
ICE last week pushed back on reports of raids or traffic stops or random arrests, accusing advocates of spreading panic with false information.
But Rep. Nanette Barragán, D-Calif., said she called her local ICE agent and learned more than half a dozen of her constituents were picked up. She said she could not get information on what crimes they committed.
"I did get an answer that they were no longer following the Obama memos," Barragán said.
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
A spirited, white-and-black-spotted mix is the featured dog of the week at Fannin County Animal Control. She was picked up May 21 off of First Street in McCaysville.
The previously viewed female dog is spunky, light-hearted and yearning for some human playtime.
She is currently up for adoption from Animal Control if not reclaimed by her owner. Her animal control number is 109-17.
The officers at Animal Control took in four dogs this week but three were reclaimed by their owners.
Adequate identification on dogs is encouraged to help officers locate animal owners. Be cautious when letting pets run loose. If concerned about an unmarked, roaming dog, call Animal Control.
Pet owners should provide adequate living space and health care during the summer months.
Hours of operation at Animal Control are Monday through Saturday, from 9 a.m. to noon, at the facility. After hours, the officers follow up with community concerns and respond to stray dog calls.
For information on any of the dogs at Animal Control, or to check to see if a lost family pet has been picked up, call 706-632-3845.
Dogs currently available may also be viewed at www.petfinder.com. In addition, you can find listings and pictures on Fannin County Animal Control's Facebook page.
Seven stories in the news for Monday, Dec. 11
——
VOTERS IN FOUR FEDERAL RIDINGS CHOOSE NEW MPS TODAY
The Trudeau government will get to test its popularity today in four federal byelections. The most heated race is the B.C. riding of South Surrey-White Rock where the Liberals are hoping to steal the seat from the Conservatives. The Conservatives have tried to stir up voter anger there over the Liberal's tax reforms. The Tories are favoured in the Saskatchewan riding of Battlefords-Lloydminister, which has voted for right-wing parties since the 1990s. The other two ridings, in Newfoundland and Labrador and Toronto, are considered safe Liberal seats.
——
MORNEAU TO MEET WITH PROVINCIAL COUNTERPARTS
Finance Minister Bill Morneau can expect a lot of provincial hands to reach for the federal purse strings when he meets with his counterparts in Ottawa today. The issue of who should get the lion's share of revenue from legalized cannabis is likely to be a major bone of contention. The provinces and territories say they'll be covering most of the costs of legalization, and so should get most of the revenue. Among the expenses the provinces are likely to face are beefed up policing, increased road safety efforts, busier court systems and public awareness campaigns.
——
CANADIAN COMPANIES FUNDING GLOBAL COAL PLANTS
Environmentalists say Canada's national pension fund manager is one of six Canadian companies that are undermining Ottawa's anti-coal efforts by investing in new coal power plants. Friends of the Earth Canada joined with Germany's Urgewald in releasing a report today that lists the six companies among the top 100 investors in new coal plants in the world. Together, Sun Life, Power Corporation, Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec, Royal Bank of Canada, Manulife Financial and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board have pledged $2.9 billion towards building new coal plants overseas.
——
B.C. PREMIER TO ANNOUNCE DECISION ON SITE C DAM
B.C. Premier John Horgan will give his government's decision on the future of the controversial Site C hydroelectric dam this morning. The New Democrat government has been debating whether to continue construction of the $8.3-billion dam or cancel the work midway through the job. The dam has been marked by deeply divisive approaches to environmental, economic, technological and Indigenous concerns that have become the front lines of political battles in British Columbia.
——
COMPANIES MUST SEE CYBER-ATTACKS AS INEVITABLE
Companies facing the growing threat of cyberattacks need to know one basic fact — there is no foolproof way of stopping criminals bent on breaching their systems. Benoit Dupont, professor of criminology at the University of Montreal and the Canada Research Chair in Cybersecurity, says “everyone is hacking into everything” — even the world's top intelligence agencies. Benoit says systems need to undergo a radical overhaul to deal with the role human error plays in breaches.
——
CRYPTOCURRENCY SCAMS SOAR TO $1.7 MILLION
Canadians have been swindled out of than $1.7 million via scams involving cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin so far this year — more than double the amount during all of 2016. The Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre says that's more than five times the amount people lost to these types of scams in 2015. As bitcoin becomes more popular with investors, sending the price above US$17,000 mark last week, criminals are increasingly turning to cryptocurrencies to extort payment from their victims.
——
TORONTO FC HOLDING DOWNTOWN VICTORY PARADE
Toronto FC will hold its victory parade through the downtown core of the city today, two days after winning its first MLS Cup. Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field Saturday night, becoming the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup. The parade is scheduled to start outside the Air Canada Centre around noon ET and wrap up with a fan rally at Nathan Phillips Square. TFC was the best team during the regular season, setting an MLS record with 69 points.
——
ALSO IN THE NEWS TODAY:
— Initial meeting for the project team that will build the proposed Maritime Launch Services' Spaceport development in Canso.
— Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil hosts a meeting of the Council of Atlantic Premiers.
— Trial of Christopher Calvin Garnier, charged with second-degree murder in the death of off duty Truro police officer Catherine Campbell.
— Former Amaya CEO David Baazov and others face trial in Montreal related to insider trading charges.
— Federal Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor makes an announcement in Montreal on research related to opioids.
— Commons international trade committee gets an update from Global Affairs Canada on certain international trade agreement negotiations.
— Winnipeg trial for Guido Amsel on murder and explosives charges in connection with three explosive packages mailed in July 2015.
By IVAN MORENOAssociated Press
MILWAUKEE (AP) - A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack pleaded not guilty Monday to federal charges accusing him of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins entered his plea in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged him and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where he was going to board a flight to his home in Ilfracombe, England. He had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins' attorney, Marcia Hoffman, said after Monday's brief hearing that Hutchins will fight the charges and that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated."
"Marcus Hutchins is a brilliant young man and a hero," Hoffman said.
Hutchins left afterward in a white SUV with tinted windows and did not talk to reporters.
He is free on $30,000 bail, but with strict conditions. His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins' current work wasn't detailed at Monday's hearing.
The next hearing in the case was set for Oct. 17, with an Oct. 23 trial date, though the latter was expected to change due to the case's complexity.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero he enjoyed four months ago when he found a "kill switch" to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $300 to $600.
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim he created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015, but the court document doesn't offer any details about the number of victims. Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin. The name of Hutchins' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment.
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A white former Connecticut university student accused of smearing body fluids on her black roommate's belongings is expected to ask for a probation program that could result in criminal charges being erased.
Eighteen-year-old Brianna Brochu is set to appear Tuesday in Hartford Superior Court. Her lawyer, Tom Stevens, expects her to apply for accelerated rehabilitation.
The Harwinton resident is charged with misdemeanor criminal mischief and breach of peace.
Police say the former University of Hartford student wrote on Instagram in October about rubbing used tampons on her roommate's backpack and putting her roommate's toothbrush "where the sun doesn't shine." Her roommate says she developed throat pain.
Civil rights advocates have called for hate crime charges.
Stevens says the roommates had a falling out and Brochu's actions were not racially motivated.
Yesterday was Easter, the candy-eating holiday that isn't Halloween. Kim Kardashian has been sharing a few photos from her family's Easter celebration, but two of them particularly stick out, because they feature Kanye West dressed up as the damn Easter Bunny. Awwww. Check it out below.
Dadye A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:15pm PDT
A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:16pm PDT
“Dadye.” Once again: Awwwww. Think about Kanye, one of the greatest rappers of all-time, struggling to get into that tight, sweaty suit just to amuse his daughter and her friends for a photo op… it's good as hell.
The Father Ted actor is moving to Saint Marie – but just how different will his detective be compared with Kris Marshall?
“I've always wanted to play a detective,” says actor, comedian and occasional novelist Ardal O'Hanlon. “Always loved detective shows, right back to Columbo, The Rockford Files, Starsky & Hutch.” Still, joining the cast of Death in Paradise is a huge move for the man we last saw as the public face of Channel 4's Tree of the Year.
Advertisement
His character, Detective Inspector Jack Mooney, is “a sad-sack Met officer working in a dank basement who gets this gig looking after visiting Caribbean officers,” says the 51-year-old.
DI Jack Mooney with a classic British combination of red wine and pork scratchings. #DeathInParadise pic.twitter.com/lgje8Cjzul — Death in Paradise (@deathinparadise) February 4, 2017
Although, before long, Mooney finds himself the resident detective on Saint Marie. “I'm as crippled with doubt as the next actor,” says O'Hanlon. “For most of us, even the apparently very confident ones, doubt is a big part of life. But I'm of a certain age now, and this kind of things don't plague me the way they might have ten years ago, I embrace the challenge.”
Crucially for the Irishman, the public loved the change of leads from Ben Miller to Kris Marshall in 2014, something O'Hanlon attributes to the format of the show – which he calls “cheerfully hokey” – staying largely the same.
Ben Miller as DI Richard Poole in Death in Paradise series one
“There's no real jeopardy in the plots,” he says. “No real peril for the detectives, but that is part of its appeal. It's light, fluffy drama, meant to entertain people in the cold nights of winter. The murders aren't gruesome, there's no gore-splattered screen. The attraction really is in the puzzles – the ingenious mystery at the heart of it.”
A lot of the appeal for the viewer is also in the location, the Caribbean island of Guadeloupe where, as well as rum, there may be biting insects (“You spend a lot of time plastering yourself with ointments,” says O'Hanlon), regular tropical downpours and the occasional hurricane.
Islands have book-ended O'Hanlon's television career. He first came to notice in the useless priests comedy Father Ted in the mid-1990s, playing Father Dougal McGuire, the resident idiot on wet, cold Craggy Island off the west coast of Ireland.
He didn't expect it to become a huge hit. “We thought Father Ted was destined to be obscure late-night Channel 4 fodder and then it works and you don't really know why.”
Was he also surprised to be picked for Death in Paradise? “Ben's character was uptight. Kris's was more clumsy and, I suppose, with me, they're going for something a little bit quirky on the island,” he says.
“I've tried to bring a certain kind of warmth to it. Mooney is quite friendly, quite genial and slightly underestimated because of it. Maybe there's some of the naivety that I've brought to other characters before.”
No TV character will ever be quite as naive as Father Dougal, who once enquired of the long-suffering priest, “Do you believe in God then Ted?” But does O'Hanlon believe Irish people should be figures of fun on British television?
“From day one working in TV, I have been very conscious of the way the Irish are represented,” he says. “In every show I've been involved in I read the script, take out the Irishisms right away and say, ‘I'll supply those'.
“Father Ted was written by Irish people, so that was fine, but around the time we were shooting it EastEnders went to Ireland and represented it as this terribly backward society where people were going around with one eye and drunk. That outraged people in Ireland. But that will happen from time to time, we were brought up with that.”
O'Hanlon will leave his wife Melanie and children Emily, Rebecca and Redmond at home in Dublin. Though he has Skype and they will visit him, he says that as soon as his plane lands in the sunshine, it's mainly “very hard work”.
Advertisement
It seems a pity, though, not to be able to relax, have a swim or go for a drink. “Well, we did go swimming in the sea. And do you know, we did manage to squeeze in a rum on one or two evenings.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the idea in Congress of banning "bump stocks" like the device used by the Las Vegas shooter (all times local):
6:30 p.m.
President Donald Trump says his administration is considering whether "bump stock" devices that allow semi-automatic rifles to perform more like fully automatic weapons should be banned in the wake of the Las Vegas massacre.
Trump says ahead of a dinner with senior military leaders at the White House Thursday evening, "We'll be looking into that over the next short period of time."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said earlier Thursday that the president welcomed a review of U.S. policy on the devices, which were apparently used by the Las Vegas shooter to make his weapons more deadly.
The National Rifle Association has said the devices should be "subject to additional regulations." And House Speaker Paul Ryan says a ban is "clearly something we need to look into."
___
6 p.m.
The National Rifle Association says "bump stock" devices that allow semi-automatic rifles to perform more like fully automatic weapons should be "subject to additional regulations."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders is praising the announcement, saying, "We welcome that and a conversation on that."
House Speaker Paul Ryan is adding his support, as are other top Republicans.
___
2:32 p.m.
The National Rifle Association says the "bump stocks" device that the Las Vegas shooter used to turn semi-automatic rifles into fully automated weapons should be "subject to additional regulations."
In a statement on Thursday, the NRA says the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives should immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law.
The organization which holds a powerful sway over members of Congress dismissed some of the initial response from lawmakers who have pressed for more gun control.
Said the NRA: "Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks."
The statement came from NRA leaders Wayne LaPierre and Chris Cox.
____
2:30 p.m.
The White House says President Donald Trump welcomes a review of U.S. policy on so-called bump stock devices that legally make semi-automatic rifles into faster-firing automatic weapons.
Presidential spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters Thursday that "we're certainly open to having that conversation."
Her remarks are part of a growing bipartisan chorus of calls to take a step in the direction of regulating guns in the wake of the Las Vegas massacre. The killer in Las Vegas apparently used the legal bump stock devices on legal rifles, essentially converting them into automatic weapons, which are banned. That allowed him to spray gunfire into the crowd below much more quickly. At least 58 people were killed and hundreds were injured when he opened fire on an outdoor country music festival.
____
12:25 p.m.
The top Republican in the House says he's open to considering a possible ban on "bump stocks," the device the shooter in Las Vegas apparently used to make semi-automatic rifles perform more like fully automatic weapons.
Speaker Paul Ryan said in an interview with MSNBC that aired Thursday it's "clearly something we need to look into."
The comments from lawmakers including No. 2 Senate Republican John Cornyn of Texas mark a surprising departure from the GOP's general antipathy to gun regulations of any kind.
The devices are known as "bump stocks," among other names. They're legal and originally were intended to help people with limited hand mobility fire a semi-automatic without the individual trigger pulls required.
___
4 a.m.
Senior congressional Republicans say they are open to considering legislation banning "bump stocks" like the shooter in Las Vegas apparently used to make semi-automatic rifles perform more like fully automatic weapons.
The Wednesday comments from lawmakers including the No. 2 Senate Republican, John Cornyn of Texas, marked a surprising departure from GOP lawmakers' general antipathy to gun regulations of any kind. But they were far from a guarantee of a path forward for the new legislation by California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, especially with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan making clear their priorities are elsewhere.
Cornyn said as a hunter and sportsman he doesn't understand the use of the bump stock and wants to have a hearing on it.
Patriots Day? It was more like Kenyan Day at the Boston Marathon.
But it wasn't a bad day to be an American, either.
Geoffrey Kirui and Edna Kiplagat — both making their Boston debuts — ran to victory in Monday's 121st running of the race.
Kirui outran Galen Rupp of the U.S. to take the men's race in an official time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds. Rupp, also running his first Boston, trailed by 21 seconds.
Kiplagat opened up a big lead heading into the dreaded Newton hills, and won in an official 2 hours, 21 minutes, 52 seconds.
But Jordan Hasay, racing her first ever marathon, finished third, and fellow American Desi Linden was fourth.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Maryland's Kevin Huerter declared for the NBA draft thinking that it was going to be an exploratory mission, one that might prepare him to go pro next season.
Turns out, he's ready now.
Huerter said Wednesday that he is forgoing his final two seasons of college eligibility and staying in the draft, after a strong showing at the pre-draft combine in Chicago earlier this month and some subsequent workouts and interviews with NBA clubs. Wednesday was the deadline day for underclassmen to say whether they're staying in the draft or going back to school.
In the end, he decided to not risk losing this opportunity.
“This year is guaranteed,” Huerter said from his parents' home in Clifton Park, New York. “Next year is not.”
It's widely believed he will be a first-round pick.
The 6-foot-7 wing impressed scouts at the combine not just with his ability to shoot the ball, but also his passing and athleticism. He was near the top of the charts in several testing categories at the combine.
He averaged 14.8 points on 50 per cent shooting for the Terrapins this past season, shooting 42 per cent from 3-point range.
“This was pretty tough,” said Huerter, who wavered several times on the decision in the past couple of days. “Everything happened pretty fast. When I declared I didn't really expect to be leaving. This was a pretty tough decision and when things started happening there came a time when I actually had to start really thinking about things.”
This has been a rapid ascent for Huerter. In 2015, he led Shenendehowa High to a New York state basketball championship. A year later, he led Shenendehowa to a state title in baseball.
And now he's going pro.
“I never expected to be here,” Huerter said.
——
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Four people found dead in a South Carolina home Sunday evening were killed in an apparent murder-suicide, local authorities said.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher identified the victims in a statement as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of her children, 4-year-old Elijah Chavez and 1-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
The coroner said the bodies were found at around 8 p.m. Sunday.
The Lexington County Sheriff's Office initially said that Jorge Luis Chavez was a person of interest in the murders and circulated a photo of him on social media. Early Monday, however, the sheriff's office said the deaths were likely a murder-suicide and they were no longer searching for Chavez.
Fisher said Reynoso had an older child who wasn't at the home at the time. The investigation is ongoing.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
DALLAS — A tentative settlement agreement has been reached in a civil rights lawsuit in which attorneys for inmates at a Southeast Texas prison said sweltering summer heat was endangering the inmates' health, both sides announced Friday.
The agreement would call for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice to guarantee air conditioning for 1,400 inmates of the Wallace Pack Unit covered by the lawsuit, said Jeff Edwards of Austin, the inmates' attorney. Temporary arrangements would be made for air conditioning this summer and a permanent solution thereafter, he said.
Prison system spokesman Jason Clark said the deal would provide additional safeguards for Pack Unit inmates susceptible to extreme heat. He said the specifics haven't been finalized and he declined to comment further.
U.S. District Judge Keith Ellison plans a hearing next month in Houston to approve the settlement, Edwards said.
Although the guarantee is limited to the Pack Unit, about 95 miles (153 kilometres) northwest of Houston, Edwards said he hopes the criminal justice department will see that heat-sensitive inmates at other prisons could obtain the same results in court.
“Inmates in any unit in Texas that lacks air conditioning or climate control are going to be in danger,” especially those with cardiovascular issues, diabetes or mental problems, Edwards said.
Attorneys for the inmates who filed suit seeking emergency relief argued the intense heat violated their constitutional right against cruel and unusual punishment. Evidence showed the heat index at the prison, the combination of temperature and humidity, topped 100 degrees Fahrenheit (38 Celsius) during 13 days in 2016, and was between 90 and 99 degrees on 55 days.
Last summer, Ellison, after a nine-day hearing on the emergency request, found that conditions in the housing area of the Pack Unit subjected inmates ” to a substantial risk of serious injury or death” and that the risk was “significantly higher” for heat-sensitive inmates.
Prison officials had argued that they provide the nearly 1,500 Pack Unit inmates with showers, fans and ice water, other ventilation, unlimited rest periods in air-conditioned areas and education concerning heat precautions. Some parts of the prison are air conditioned. Housing areas are not. The prison system was “deliberately indifferent” to the heat risks, the judge concluded.
Figures presented in court last summer showed 22 inmates have died of heat stroke since 1998, although no heat-related deaths had occurred at the Pack Unit.
Ellison ordered the prison system to lower prison temperatures to 88 degrees Fahrenheit (31 Celsius) for 500 “heat-sensitive” Pack Unit inmates, prompting the prison system to move about 1,000 heat-sensitive inmates to cooler prisons temporarily.
Oppressive summer heat has become an increasing issue in prisons across the South. On Wednesday, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans struck down a lower-court order that Louisiana state prison officials keep death row heat indices below 88 degrees Fahrenheit (31 Celsius) for the benefit of three ailing condemned killers. The three-judge 5th Circuit panel ruled that while a “temperature trigger” may be used in deciding when to implement heat-abatement measures, a “temperature ceiling” was impermissible.
Fashion is what you make of it, and half the battle is trying. The other half knows the right tips and tricks of the trade. Whether you research online, look at magazines, read books, or something else, you can stay ahead of the fashion game. Consider the following tips to help you with your personal fashion.
If you are used to dressing down but you would like to spruce up your style, try buying some sparkly accessories. These will make your outfit look brighter and you will not have to change your entire style. You can make a plain outfit fit for any occasion by changing the style of accessories.
Fashions are constantly changing, so look for some basic items of clothing that you can add to and create a new look. A great fitting pair of black pants are the basic look you can dress up or dress down, as well as wear in summer or during the winter months.
A good fashion tip is to start experimenting with your style if you've become very bored with your wardrobe. You can do this by simply trying out a new type of clothing that you've never worn before such as a scarf or certain kind of dress. This will definitely freshen up your wardrobe.
Clumps of makeup are not an attractive look for female. In fact, recent polls taken by men find that the fewer makeups, the better. This does not mean that you have to avoid makeup altogether; try to use warm tones and put on just one layer of mascara and eyeliner.
If you are a plus sized woman, do not think you cannot be as fashionable as thinner women. It is what you wear that makes the difference. Stay away from baggy clothing, as this can make you appear bigger. Wear clothes that have a perfect fit and try to get clothing that is true to your size; very tight clothing is not the way to go either.
When you are at a makeup store, it is vital that you are constantly thinking about what you want your makeups to do for you. This will help you find the right makeup for your style and will help you buy the correct thing. For example, you should consider upcoming events and what is the style you want to portray.
Don't be afraid to wear the look you love. It can often feel a bit scary to sport a look that is a bit out of the norm. However, if you really want to wear it, just do it! It makes good sense to allow your true inner fashion diva to come out, even if she's on the quirky side.
A very important fashion tip is to make sure that your pants are the correct length. This is important because having pants that are too long or short can be a critical mistake in looking good. Be sure to plan for the type of shoes that you will be wearing because it will make a huge difference.
Use a lip pencil followed by blending the edges with a sponge applicator to get fuller lips. Apply a sheen with petroleum jelly or gloss. Finish off by emphasizing your upper lip with extra gloss towards the center to achieve a pouty look. Eye shadow can also be used to add highlight to your lips that works with your lip shade. Give a small smudge on both lips, right in the middle.
Staying warm and fashionable in the wintertime is difficult, but possible. You just need to find a fine balance between the two. For instance, you could wear long, sleekly-fitted coats with a pair of high-heeled boots. If you decide to go with the look, be sure the fabric touches your calf.
Many men do not understand how long a tie should be. Many wear ones that sit too high or too short. Too avoid this horrible fashion mix up, you should try to make sure that the tip of your tie comes to your belt line. This is the best way to avoid ruining your look.
If you wear leather, take care of it. When you buy a leather garment, ask the salesperson what kind of animal was used for it and what the tanning process was. Find out the specific care steps you need to take both right after purchase and over the lifetime of the garment.
As you can see from the advice above, you just need to be smart if you want to project a sense of fashion. It works well when you understand how to help people appreciate the appearance you are trying to project. Then, people will see your great sense of fashion.
Under the initiative, announced on Dec. 11, economy class passengers will be able to buy snack boxes.
Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways will continue offering complimentary meals in economy class, but is to add buy-on-board drinks, snacks and amenity kits as the airline continues to experiment with new products.
Under the initiative, announced on Dec. 11, economy class passengers will be able to buy snack boxes, champagne ($8) and cold-brew coffee ($4), as well as amenity kits ($22) and sleepwear ($35) on board.
“Etihad Airways is always looking at new ways to give our guests more power and control over their experience, through options to customize and personalize their journey. In addition to providing extra comfort and choice in the air, some of the items are great gift ideas, particularly in the run up to the holiday season. We will monitor guest satisfaction and aim to expand the range of items for sale in the future,” Etihad Airways VP-guest experience and delivery Linda Celestino said.
As part of the product revamp, Etihad recently began offering chauffeur transfers, hand-luggage only fares, paid lounge access, neighbor-free and extra-legroom seats for economy passengers.
These initiatives form part of Etihad's drive to tap digital, increase customer choice and diversify revenues.
Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com
PENSACOLA, Fla. (AP) - A nurse's Facebook rant about the "cesspool of funky flu" in emergency room waiting areas is getting a lot of attention.
"Wash your stinking hands," Katherine Lockler says in a six-minute video that's been viewed 4.8 million times since she recorded it in frustration after a 12-hour shift during this particularly nasty flu season. The mother of four works in several emergency rooms in the Pensacola area in Florida's Panhandle.
She said 25 to 30 people often sit for hours in hospital waiting rooms as the worst cases get treated first.
"Some of them are not true emergencies, but they're waiting along with the flu right next to them. So guess what? Five flus came in, 15 flus walk out. It's great," she said sarcastically. "They'll be back."
Lockler told the Pensacola News Journal her intent was not just to vent, but to offer a constructive message from a health care professional's perspective.
"The biggest problem for me was seeing people come in to visit, and not only being exposed to this awful flu virus, but not taking the correct precautions to get themselves disinfected before going out in the world," Lockler said.
She said she's getting responses from around the world to the video she titled "After Work Thoughts." In it, she says the flu is spreading like "wildfire," and offers suggestions for staying healthy. She demonstrates the "magic trick" of sneezing or coughing into the crook of an arm to avoid getting germs on your hands. Then she repeats it, in slow motion.
"My sleeve got the germs, my hands didn't," she said, holding up her hand. "It's amazing to watch how many people come through the emergency room, sneeze in their hands and - I watch - no one grabs the hand sanitizer."
Lockler shares ER horror stories, like the father who let his baby crawl on the floor, and the softball coach who brought his whole team.
"If you have a team member from your softball team who is sick or injured, you do not bring the entire softball team in to check on them. Because guess what?" Lockler said. "You just got 15 new vectors, or carriers of the flu by them all walking in. Which I watched them all walk in last night, see their friend, and not touch the hand sanitizer. Not once!"
In fact, if you aren't sick, just stay home, she advises.
"So, don't bring bring your team in. Please don't bring your healthy children, especially your newborn babies, into the emergency," she said. "If you don't have what I call a true emergency, this would not be the time to come to the emergency room."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rotorua Boys' High School has won the overall honours at the New Zealand Secondary Schools Touch Championships, beating Hamilton Boys 4-3.
The scores were tied up at half-time, but Rotorua came back to win by one point.
It took less than 10 seconds for Hamilton Boys' High to score, but Rotorua Boys' High School were quick with their return.
Hamilton were unsuccessful in their second try with a basic error. But moments later, they made sure to get it right.
Rotorua struck back with double force, to even the scores at half-time, 3-3.
Rotorua returned with pure tenacity, their passion put them out front, gaining bragging rights for 2017.
Details are emerging about the much-anticipated visit by former United States president Barack Obama to Aotearoa this week and a group of Maori women are lucky enough to have secured a meeting with the global leader.
Iwi leader Rangimarie Hunia is part of the Wahine Toa Network who will sit down and chew the fat with Mr Obama.
Hunia is a leader in her own right, but even she feels starstruck thinking about her upcoming meeting with Barack Obama.
“I wanna scream,” chuckles the Ngāti Whātua-o-Ōrākei, Whai Maia chief executive.
“No, pretty excited...look, I think he is probably one of the most phenomenal leaders of our time.” says Hunia.
The rare opportunity is the handiwork of the Wahine Toa Women's Network founder, Nancy Gilbert.
“I can't wait to see what he gleans from these Māori women because they have a lot to say and they are not shy and they are super accomplished and have done extraordinary things- and many extraordinary things yet to come,” says Gilbert.
The focus of Obama's post-presidency is emerging leadership around the world.
Gilbert says Māori Women leaders tick all those boxes.
“Yeah I know, but we rock right?!” says Hunia, chuckling.
“I think this has come about because of the role that we are playing in our communities. Not just the twenty women that have the opportunity to meet with him. But there are many wahine Māori who are doing some pretty outrageous things in their communities, in their homes, and in their places of work”.
The women will also dine with Obama, and of course, the question of what to wear is paramount.
“I don't want to wear the same as any other women!... oh my gosh, I'm not sure yet,” says Hunia.
The dinner will be held on Thursday night at an undisclosed venue, followed by talks on Friday.
A Māori language web series has tackled sensitive issues with humour and a Māori world view.
Rere Te Whiu, a web series funded by Te Māngai Pāho is gaining momentum with over 17,000 views. The show targets Māori language speakers and addresses topics that in english could be considered taboo.
Matai Smith (Rongowhakaata) says, “Here we are in the digital age our children know how to use Facebook, internet in order to access these things that would only be my worry. Besides that, a big mihi to Kristin for creating such an entertaining show.”
But producers of the show say the series has been created from a Māori world view.
Kristin Ross (Ngāti Kahu) says, “ the series has been created from a Māori world view. Don't let english concepts guide our thinking, you need a Māori world view to really appreciate it.”
Smith says, “For entertainment, Rere Te Whiu is right up there. Personally its very entertaining and educational at the same time.”
Rere Te Whiu is a web series that teaches speakers and learners of the Māori language how to negotiate the subtleties of Māori idioms and colloquial phrases in the appropriate context.
Ross says, “It is different when you are referring to "intercourse" in Māori as opposed to English so the nature of what you mean will be lost in the translation but the main point is that the language is being used.”
Hōhepa Tuahine (Te Arawa, Tūhoe) says, “I want those who are Māori speakers to be able to judge this show.”
This is the second series of Rere Te Whiu. It can be accessed via their Facebook page.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Why don't elephants get cancer?
A new genetic study shows they have genes with special powers to fix mutated DNA — and humans have slightly different versions of the same genes.
The report, published in the journal Cell Reports, could open the door to helping people fight cancer better in the future.
And the team at the University of Utah found a batch of other animal traits that shed light on human genetics.
For instance, a stretch of DNA that gives bats their distinctive pointy ears can, when mutated, cause an ear deformity in people called Stahl ear. Another mutation can also cause fused fingers in people, but may have helped bats evolve their unique wings.
And humans share genes that give ground squirrels their distinctive stripes. In people, mutations of those genes can cause Noonan or Leopard syndrome, marked in part by distinctive freckle-like spots.
Geneticist Christopher Gregg and colleagues were not looking for anything in particular in their study.
"We were working on the elephant as a positive control in our study and we discovered parts of the genome that were important for nose development," Gregg said.
"I thought that's very funny to find in elephants, since they have these long noses."
He chatted with a colleague at Utah, Dr. Josh Schiffman, who is a pediatric oncologist and who suggested that Gregg take a different tack.
"He had been studying why elephants don't get cancer," Gregg said.
"This is a master regulator of DNA repair." "This is a master regulator of DNA repair."
It's a question that has bothered biologists for years. Cancer is linked with extreme body growth. Very tall people have a higher risk of some cancers, and tumors are formed by the out-of-control growth of some cells.
But elephants are far less prone to cancer than humans are, even though they are much bigger and live very long lives.
In 2015, Schiffman found that elephants have 20 copies of a gene called p53, well known for its ability to fix damaged DNA, which can lead to cancer. Humans have only one.
Now Gregg's study showed a possible way to discover more.
"He said, 'Chris, why don't you check in your data to discover if there are any more secrets that explain why elephants don't get cancer?'" Gregg said of Schiffman.
Gregg's team found a big one.
It was a network of genes that all mammals, including humans, have called the Fanconi anemia pathway.
"The elephants had just radically changed it," he said.
"This is a master regulator of DNA repair," Gregg said. "People with mutations in that gene pathway have very high rates of cancer."
Elephants appear to have extra elements in their genetic complex. The team tested elephant immune cells, zapping them with radiation and looking to see which genes became active. Elephant immune cells quickly repair damage to other DNA — an important mechanism for preventing cancer.
Studying these genes further in humans might lead to new ways to fight cancer, the team proposed.
"They were good candidates for why the elephant has this superpower of getting very low rates of cancer," Gregg said.
Humans share much of their genetic code with other animals, from fruit flies and worms to dogs and apes. And sometimes the precise genetic function doesn't have much to do with evolutionary similarities.
For instance, many of the genes that cause diseases in humans can be found in macaque monkeys but not in chimpanzees — the nearest living relative to humans.
Gregg's team had a formula for making good comparisons among the genomes of humans and other animals, finding regions that have taken markedly different paths in certain species.
"Once we recognized that the method worked, we started applying it to other animals that have really interesting and distinctive traits," Gregg said.
They did what's called a genome wide association study — sequencing all the DNA — in a bunch of animals, including elephants, bats, orcas, squirrels, dolphins and naked mole rats.
They looked for stretches of shared DNA that different species had in common with each other and with people that might provide insights into health and development.
"We looked at bats, which are the only mammals adapted for flight," Gregg said.
"We discovered new parts of the human genome that bats have changed that are candidates for developing these wings."
And the ear finding was intriguing, too. "None of us knew what Stahl ear was. We had to all get on Google and figure out what is Stahl ear and then it all makes sense, because it causes those funky ears," he said.
Naked moles rats live underground in big colonies and are blind, and changes in their vision genes might point researchers to how the visual system developed, Gregg said.
"Once we recognized that the method worked, we started applying it to other animals that have really interesting and distinctive traits." "Once we recognized that the method worked, we started applying it to other animals that have really interesting and distinctive traits."
They also looked at dolphins and orcas — mammals that have evolved to live in water. "They can do deep dives underwater and hold their breath for very long periods of time," Gregg said.
"They must have some way of carrying more oxygen in their blood," he hypothesized.
If humans try holding their breath for too long, they can change the blood chemistry and develop blood clots.
It turns out orcas and dolphins have changes in the genes involved in the production of erythropoietin, a hormone that stimulates production of red blood cells, which carry oxygen. "We are interested in following that up," he said.
Now it will take years of hard laboratory work to see if the genes really do what the team thinks they do.
"We need to do real functional studies in the lab with human cells and animal models to test these elements," Gregg said. "Do they really prevent cancer? Do they really shape ear morphology?"
How Apple's Face ID Facial Recognition System Works
In mid-September, Apple unveiled its new Face ID facial recognition system, which is due to debut with the iPhone X on Nov. 3. The system lets users unlock their phones just by glancing at them, but has also raised privacy questions and some anxieties over whether someone could force you to unlock your phone by pointing it at your face.
On Wednesday, Apple offered some in-depth explanations about the pains it's taking to protect your privacy in an update to its website.
Here's what you need to know about how Face ID works and the precautions Apple has taken for privacy and security.
How Does Face ID Work?
Face ID captures both a 3-D and 2-D image of your face using infrared light while you're looking straight at the camera. Apple then compares that information to images you took while setting up Face ID; that comparison is done using a "neural network" that lives on the iPhone X's new A11 chip.
Five unsuccessful attempts at Face ID will force you to enter a passcode -- which you'll need anyway just to set up facial recognition. That requires you to come up with a secure string of digits -- or, for extra security, a string of letters and numbers -- to protect your privacy.
Does It Work?
It didn't during Apple's Sept. 12 event -- at least initially, when senior vice president Craig Federighi tried and failed to demonstrate Face ID for the crowd before switching phones. Apple explained that handlers mistakenly set off Face ID attempts prior to Federighi's presentation, which caused the phone to revert to a passcode lock before he took the stage.
While Face ID won't face an acid test with ordinary users until November, Apple says it should work just fine.
Is Apple Going To Store My Face in the Cloud?
Relax, Apple says. Your face isn't leaving your device.
The iPhone X will store representations of your face in its "secure enclave," a hardware-based enclosure designed to be resistant to spying and tampering. The phone-based neural net processing means the image representations never have to go anywhere.
The iPhone X allows does allow third-party apps to let you sign in via Face ID, but these outside developers only receive notifications from Apple that you've been authenticated or not. Other apps "can't access Face ID or the data associated with the enrolled face," the company said in its security white paper.
The only time your images can leave the phone is when you call Apple's support service, AppleCare. If you're having trouble with Face ID, you can select which images you want to send for diagnostics, the company said.
Can a Border Guard/Jealous Spouse/Traffic Cop Unlock My Phone by Pointing It at Me?
Maybe -- although Face ID only works if you're looking at it. So turning away is one emergency measure you could take.
Apple has also provided a panic button feature. Simultaneously squeeze the iPhone X's power button and either volume button for two seconds, and it will temporarily disable Face ID by turning the phone off. Just as with Touch ID, the phone requires a passcode after a restart. The process essentially turns your phone into a brick for anyone who doesn't know your passcode.
Suppose I Shave My Head or Grow a Beard? Will My Phone Still Know Me?
Apple says its algorithms learn to adapt to appearance changes over time. The system keeps recent images and uses them to allow unlocking if they are close enough to the registered image.
But if you undergo a sudden changes in appearance -- like shaving a beard, for instance -- the phone will only add the new image to its library if you follow a failed Face ID attempt by immediately entering your passcode.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Apple.
Bull Sessions. Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know.
Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Submit
The Findlay, Ohio company Fresh Encounter Incorporated, announced Wednesday that it will take on managing 15 Marsh Supermarkets stores beginning June 22.
Fresh Encounter, Inc. has decided to do this on behalf of Generative Growth II, LLC. and manages 44 stores in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana
Marsh Supermarkets once lead the industry in grocery innovation but filed for bankruptcy in May. As a result, 19 stores closed throughout Indiana and Ohio.
The Ohio stores are located in Troy, Van Wert, Middleton, and Eaton.
"Marsh has been a noble contender in the grocery retail arena for over 86 years. We look forward to continuing their legacy of serving the customer with the best in fresh offerings and excellent customer service, and returning the stores to a community focused, family owned organization,” said Michael Needler, Jr. CEO and President of Fresh Encounter, Inc.
The newly acquired retail stores will be rebranded on a regional basis in the coming months. The combined companies will now operate 59 stores in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana and employ over 3600 people.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2016 WTOL. All rights reserved.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford's left knee has so far responded well to two weeks of rest, raising the possibility of a return for the next game at Chicago.
Bradford said Friday he is “definitely feeling better” after practicing with the team on a limited basis Thursday. That was his first work on the field in two weeks. He has missed the last three games because of soreness and swelling from an injury that occurred in the season opener.
Bradford declined to divulge the specific diagnosis, but said he's experiencing a residual effect of ACL surgeries he had in 2013 and 2014. Case Keenum has filled in, while the Vikings have lost two of three. They play Monday against the Bears.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Trump quoted Gowdy as saying, "There are a lot of good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!"
Trump then added, "And I wish I did!"
Trump's tweets came just hours after The New York Times reported that Trump had, in March 2017, asked Sessions to reverse his decision to recuse himself from all federal investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Sessions' decision to recuse himself ultimately resulted in the appointment of former FBI Director Robert Mueller as a special counsel to oversee a probe that includes investigating possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.
The Times' report Tuesday also described Sessions as a "key witness" in the probe into whether Trump had attempted to obstruct justice.
Trump has repeatedly attacked his attorney general in public and private for giving up control of an investigation he claims is a partisan "witch hunt" — and said previously that he regrets hiring Sessions.
In July 2017, he told The Times that "Sessions should have never recused himself, and if he was going to recuse himself, he should have told me before he took the job and I would have picked somebody else."
The barrage of criticism marks a stark fall from grace for Sessions, who was once one of Trump's staunchest allies on the campaign trail and who had been the first sitting senator to endorse Trump's presidential bid.
The president has also, in recent weeks, accused the Department of Justice of having inserted a “spy” inside his campaign — even nicknaming the alleged situation "spygate."
But Gowdy, who also sits on the House Judiciary and House Intelligence Committees, also pushed back on that particular Trump claim Wednesday — and said he had seen no evidence to support it.
"That is not a term I've ever used in the criminal justice system. Undercover informant, confidential informant, those are all words I'm familiar with, I've never heard the term 'spy' used," he told “CBS This Morning.”
When asked specifically whether he's seen any evidence of a spy having been “inserted into the campaign,” Gowdy replied, "I have not."
"That's an espionage term, that's not a law enforcement term," he added.
"Based on what I have seen, I don't know what the FBI could've done or should've done other than run out a lead that someone loosely connected with the campaign was making assertions about Russia,” Gowdy continued, after being asked whether he felt the FBI had “acted properly.”
“I would think you would want the FBI to find out whether or not there was any validity to what those people were saying,” Gowdy said, adding that he's never met or talked with Trump.
Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., said on CNN that he was "grateful" to Gowdy for publicly debunking Trump's spy theory.
"Frankly, this undermines the United States around the world. It suggests that we have a national leader who traffics in conspiracy theories," Coons, a member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, said. "So, I'm frankly grateful to Congressman Gowdy that he has stepped forward and made such a clear and forceful statement."
TORONTO — Tim Hortons will pilot all-day breakfast in a dozen Ontario locations and look to introduce a kids menu, delivery and loyalty program, in a bid to regain the trust of franchisees and customers.
The fast-food giant's president Alex Macedo told The Canadian Press that the all-day breakfast experiment will begin at a handful of Hamilton and Burlington, Ont. locations later this summer and include all of the menu items typically available at the store in the morning. If it is successful, he said the company would consider rolling it out further.
“The demand is loud and clear,” he said. “Any time we bring up the idea of breakfast at any time, the response is very favourable and very strong.”
Macedo's announcement came as the company has publicly been struggling to fix its strained relationship with some franchisees, who have been sparring with the company in recent months over everything from cost-cutting measures made in the wake of Ontario's minimum wage hikes to delays in supply deliveries to a $700-million renovation plan that they say will cost store owners $450,000 per restaurant.
Last month, Macedo admitted that “we could have done a few things better” and started touring the country to meet with franchises and promise them that he would fix the relationship.
This week, he said the visits had concluded and added that “it can take some time to get exactly where we want to be, but right now, I think things are looking much better than they were at the beginning of the year.”
His attempt at easing the tensions have coincided with an intensification of Canada's breakfast wars. In early May, McDonald's, one of Tim Hortons' biggest rivals, announced it had begun serving bagels across the country and in recent years. A&W, Taco Bell and Burger King have all upped the ante with breakfast offerings to compete with Tim Hortons, Starbucks and Country Style.
Macedo said Tim Hortons' all-day breakfast launch wasn't triggered by the McDonald's bagel announcement, adding that “something as big as this would never be a reaction to anything a competitor would do.”
The company, he said, had done a market test on all-day breakfast in 2013 and found it was “generally successful,” but ultimately chose not to roll it out, in part because “the guests weren't asking for it as much as they are now.”
Since then, he said consumer interest in breakfast has grown, as evidenced by research companies NPD Group and Nielsen calling it the fastest-growing part of the day for restaurants since 2012.
In addition to all-day breakfast, he revealed that the company would also be looking to a kids menu, new packaging, kiosks, loyalty programs and delivery to entice customers and regain franchisee confidence, but he said he wasn't prepared to share more details on any of those plans yet.
“I don't think there is one answer to driving brand love,” Macedo said. “My only concern is to work with franchisees all over the country. … I think they are very willing to work with us to get the brand where we want it to be.”
Among those franchisees is Aron Burch, who will offer all-day breakfast at five of his seven locations. He said he was eager to get on board with the pilot because he owns a handful of locations near McMaster University in Hamilton and finds most of his customers are students who like to sleep in, often making it to his restaurants just as breakfast is winding down for the day.
He said the months of tension between Tim Hortons and the franchisees, and the rise in the cost of living, had caused his stores to see “a little bit” of a decline in transactions in same-store sales, but he was confident that all-day breakfast would help them lure more customers.
“Being able to offer all-day breakfast definitely is going to help us go to the customer who might have gone somewhere else or have it at home because of the convenience,” he said. “The busier the stores are, the better the day goes.”
TORONTO — A Toronto woman with a love of volunteering, an 80-year-old grandmother, a Jordanian man visiting relatives, a college student and two South Korean nationals were among those who died in a horrific van attack that sent shock waves through Canada's largest city.
Ontario's chief coroner said it would take days for the names of the deceased to be officially released, noting his office wanted to be careful to get things right.
But portraits of some of the victims of Monday's attack started to develop as those who knew them began speaking out.
Anne Marie D'Amico was identified as one of the victims by a Toronto city councillor who said he had spoken to the woman's father to express his condolences.
“It was clear that part of his life is gone,” said Coun. Cesar Palacio. “He's living the worst nightmare ever of his life.”
Tennis Canada said D'Amico had volunteered at its marquis Rogers Cup tournament every summer since the age of 12, starting out as a “ball girl” and eventually heading its stadium control committee. The organization also said she worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices near the scene of the attack.
D'Amico was a cheerful and familiar presence at Rogers Cup, said Gavin Ziv, vice-president of national events for Tennis Canada.
Over the years, the young woman rose through the ranks and was eventually assigned to helping the elite athletes competing in the annual event, largely because of her patience and friendliness, he said.
“She was a really friendly, warm person … always caring for other people ahead of herself,” he said.
He recalled one incident in which a top female player lost the keys to her locker and D'Amico was recruited to help smash the lock.
“I remember Anne Marie going into the locker room and helping her pry open the locker to get all of her stuff out there for her because she had to catch a plane that night to leave town,” he said.
Volunteering was a family activity for the D'Amico clan, and over more than 15 years of involvement with the tournament, they became part of a tight-knit group of returning volunteers, Ziv said.
“We got to see her as a young kid and kind of blossoming and grow up,” he said.
Abdullah Snobar, who attended Ryerson University with D'Amico, said she had been known as an active student leader with top grades, a wide social circle and an indelible smile that could brighten up any hallway.
“Whether you kept in touch with her very closely or you didn't talk to her for this past year, it just felt like you saw her smile yesterday,” he said.
MP Julie Dzerowicz said in a statement Tuesday that she was saddened to learn D'Amico was a resident of her Davenport riding.
“My heart breaks for Anne Marie's parents, Rocco and Carmela, and for all of her friends and family,” Dzerowicz said.
Meanwhile, the grandson of Dorothy Sewell confirmed on Facebook that she was one 10 people killed in the attack.
Elwood Delaney of Kamloops, B.C., described his grandmother as an avid sports fan who “almost had as much love for the Blue Jays and Leafs as she did for her family.”
“(She was) the best grandmother anyone could have asked for,” Delaney told The Canadian Press.
Seneca College said a female student was also among those killed, but didn't provide further details.
“She was, along with nine others, an innocent victim of this tragic act of violence,” college president David Agnew said in a statement. “I want to extend our deepest sympathies to her family and friends.”
Another victim of the van attack was identified by Jordan's state-run Petra news agency as Munair Najjar, who was in Toronto visiting family.
The Jordanian embassy in Ottawa confirmed one of its citizens had died but did not provide further details. The news agency said the embassy was helping arrange for Najjar's body to sent back to Jordan.
A South Korean news agency cited government officials as saying two Korean nationals were also among those killed.
Major business and economic events scheduled for Wednesday:
Boeing Co. reports quarterly financial results before the market open.
Twitter Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market open.
Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market close.
Facebook Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market close.
Ford Motor Co. reports quarterly financial results after the market close.
Visa Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market close.
Valentino is another brand jumping on the chunky sole trend, this time offering up a sneaker that will cost you a pretty penny — lots of pretty pennies.
The new Bounce Runner is a beauty to look at, boasting a colorful camouflage design that incorporates suede and plastic panels that both blend in perfectly on the mesh upper. Orange and yellow accents add a pop of color to the otherwise black, white and grey you see throughout the shoe's design, with Valentino branding on the heel to add the perfect touch of steez.
If you're balling, the Valentino Bounce Runner sneaker is available right now for $1,050 AUD (a little over $793 USD) over at Sneakerboy. Peep more pics below:
Easter is almost here, and it's shaping up to make retail history.
According to the National Retail Federation's annual Easter survey, Americans will spend $18.4 billion on Easter this year — 6 percent more than they did last year. It's an all-time high in the NRF's 14-year history conducting the survey. Plus, it's more than the NRF predicted shoppers would spend on Valentine's Day ($18.2 billion). So long, cupid. We're all about that Easter bunny now!
Chocolate Easter bunnies by Swiss company Lindt (L) and Austrian company Hauswirth (R). REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
Part of the reason behind the surge in spending for Easter this year lies in the timing: It's a bit of a late bloomer, arriving three weeks later than it did in 2016, giving consumers more time to shop. But beyond that, brands and retailers seem to be upping their game around this eclectic holiday, giving shoppers more incentive to buy in.
"Easter has turned into a popular gift-giving occasion, which equals a major opportunity for retailers," said Courtney Jespersen, a retail expert at NerdWallet. "We're seeing lots of retailers with Easter gift departments online and in their stores."
Here are some of the best Easter items out there:
Chocolatey Peeps, Sour Patch Bunnies, and Retro Candy Tins
Easter is all about the candy! And while you can count on most any big box retailer to be vending the traditional fare like Peeps and Cadbury Eggs, there are a lot of other cute confections to consider, some of them just released.
Wait, did we just knock Peeps as traditional? We take it back. Just Born Quality Confections, the makers of Peeps, actually got pretty creative with famed foodie Katie Lee to create Peeps Filled Delights, which launched just in time for this Easter. These chocolate-dipped marshmallows sport a rich filling and come in Triple Chocolate, Vanilla Caramel Brownie, and White Fudge-Dipped Raspberry. They're currently on sale at Target for $1.66 a pack.
Related: This Is How Peeps Are Made
Hi-Chew, the chewy fruit-flavored candy is sort of a novelty in itself, given that it is most popular in its native Japan, and it isn't sold everywhere. This year the brand launched Hi-Chew Fizzies, available in Cola and Orange Soda flavors. Sold on Amazon, you can get a six-pack for $14.77. Not cheap, but a fun addition to an Easter basket for an older child who may roll his eyes at Hershey's.
Earlier this year Hammond's launched Mellow Fluffs, marshmallow snacks available on the Hammond's site in several flavors including Dusted Chocolate, Vanilla, and Peppermint. They go for $8.99 a box, and given the high price-point and the sleek look of the packaging, they may be best gifted to a grown-up, especially one watching his or her waistline (one of the selling points is that these snacks are just 100 calories — less than a cup of marshmallows).
Sour Patch Kids are great, but Sour Patch Bunnies are better! You can buy a box at Target for just a dollar. Also — Easter shopping or not — you should probably know that a new line of Sour Patch Kids dropped this year. It's called Sour Patch Kids Tropical, and a bag of 12 goes for $24.77 on Amazon.
You may also want to consider a nifty tin of candy to add a little something special to that Easter basket. Check out the vast selection over at Boston America Corp — they've got everything from Minion Fart Gun tins (the candies are cloud-shaped) to Nintendo Wii Controller Gum. To find where you can buy the product, enter your zip code here.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The Best Easter Chocolate, As Decided By A Toddler 3:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Now, if you're looking to fill a basket to the brim, you're probably not going to want to focus just on these unique but fairly pricey candies. Brent Shelton, online shopping expert at FatWallet recommends that those looking for mass bargains check out Dollar Tree which is touting "Build a Basket" Bulk Easter Candy for $1. Also, if you download Target's Cartwheel app, you can access some great deals on a variety of candy.
Kendal Perez, savings expert for CouponSherpa.com, notes some other timely deals including $5 off purchases of $30 or more at See's Candies with this printable coupon, through April 16. At Jet.com, save 15 percent off Snickers, Oreo, Hershey's and Lindt purchases for Easter through April 16 using the promo code EASTERCANDY15.
Coloring Books, Legos, and Happy Salmon Cards
If you want to avoid filling your kids' Easter baskets with sugary treats — or at least even it out with a toy or an activity book, you have plenty of options.
The popular game Minecraft has inspired several activity books including An Awesome Minecraft Coloring Booking For Kids, available at Barnes & Noble for $6.95. And while the insane fervor surrounding "Pokémon Go" last year may have cooled somewhat, plenty of kids are still into it and you can encourage them to think outside the app with something like the Pokémon Go Coloring Book for Adults and Kids: Coloring All Your Favorite Pokémon Go Characters, which is only $5.98 on Amazon. For a newer activity book that's perfect for a child who loves fashion and/or animals, the Victoria Beckham for Target collection has some adorable choices starting at $6, available at Target stores and online through April 30 or until supplies last.
Last February the American International Toy Fair in New York displayed some pretty cool toys that would be hitting shelves this year. Some of them are already out and they may make for mighty fine Easter gifts. And surprisingly, not all of them are out of budget. One of the most talked about toy lines debuted was the Hatchimals Colleggtibles, which would be awesome for Easter as they are priced starting at just $2.99 a pack, but darn it, they're not available for purchase yet. One reasonably priced brand-new toy that is available is the card game Happy Salmon. This card game, both absurd and absurdly fun is on sale at Amazon for $11.99, down from $14.99.
For the kid who loves to build — and is a fan of the hit movie Moana, Disney Princess Moana's Ocean Voyage by Lego is a tough gift to beat. Made for ages 6 and up, this 307-piece set is actually on sale at Target for $27.99, down by 30 percent from its list price of $39.99. If you like the idea of Lego but want something simpler, cheaper, and Easter-themed, Boscov's is selling the Lego Easter Chick for $9.99, more than 35 percent less than what the same product is retailing for on Amazon, where it holds the status of bestseller.
Kids' Clothing
Kids are notoriously not psyched to get clothes as presents, but don't let that stop you: Easter is a prime time to buy children's apparel at a great price.
"The biggest Easter purchases are children's clothing, as kids have likely outgrown the finery they wore last year," said Ben Glaser, features editor with DealNews. "OshKosh B'Gosh is cutting 50 to 60 percent off children's Easter apparel, with an additional 25 percent off orders of $40 or more via coupon code OKBG3263."
Sears is also touting some significant savings on clothing, for both kids and adults, Glaser added. Use the coupon code EASTER, for an extra 15 percent off your order up to $49, or 20 percent off orders of $50 or more. CouponSherpa's Perez adds that The Children's Place is touting free shipping plus 60 percent off sitewide (no exclusions) through April 16.
If you're willing to dish out a little more for something Easter-themed, check out these adorable bunny suits for toddler girls, priced at $38, and these darling bunny collared tops for girls for $15, both by Victoria Beckham for Target, available online and in-store through April 30, or while supplies last.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The regeneration of Winsford as a place to live and work took another step forward with plans to expand the employment opportunities at the town's Industrial Estate off Road One.
Up to 1,500 jobs could be created at the site after the council's partnership with Public Sector Plc, entitled ‘PSP CWaC LLP', submitted a planning application to deliver a further 350,000 sq ft of new employment floorspace on land next to the existing site.
The council, Public Sector Plc and Cheshire and Warrington Local Enterprise Partnership have been working in partnership over the past 12 months to develop this important and strategic employment site. The five year scheme will boost economic growth and help the town to prosper.
A dedicated project team has been put together to deliver this project, including officers from the council, PSP CWaC LLP, and National Architects Corstorphine + Wright.
The scheme is set to greatly enhance the site and improve the facilities on offer for the people who work there. There are also plans to build complementary uses including a petrol station, a pub and a hotel.
Cllr Brian Clarke, cabinet member for economic development and infrastructure, said: “In November 2005, Winsford was the first industrial estate in the UK to become a Business Improvement District.
“It is an important location for employment activity and its significance extends beyond the local area.
“Some 4,000 people are employed on the Estate in a wide variety of businesses in a range of different properties.
“Despite its size and role, it currently offers only limited services for users and visitors with no cafes, restaurants or hotel accommodation.
“PSP CWaC LLP completed extensive feasibility work which revealed the site's development potential.
“This scheme will unlock that potential and create more jobs in the town and highlight the fact that Winsford is a great place to live and work.”
Vital public funding assistance has been secured in the form of £3.8m Local growth funding from the LEP, matched by £1.2m from Cheshire West and Chester Council to help unlock the site by investing in new road access and services.
Paul Brown, regional director at Public Sector Plc, said: “We are excited to be working in partnership with Cheshire West and Chester Council to help deliver investment to this site.
“This is a great example of private-public working together to the benefit of a wider regeneration strategy which will create new jobs for the community as well as other social-economic benefits.”
Christine Gaskell, chair of the Cheshire and Warrington Local Enterprise Partnership, said: “The expansion of the Winsford Industrial Estate will make an important contribution to the LEP's objective to double the size of the Cheshire and Warrington economy.
“We were therefore delighted to provide the funding necessary to build the roads and other infrastructure to enable the expansion to take place.”
Lee Mansfield, Director at Corstorphine + Wright's Manchester office, said: “Our proposed designs, as part of the wider regeneration strategy for Winsford, aim to transform the area.
“We are excited to be part of the team working to revitalise and reinvigorate the town, creating a destination people want to visit, dwell and return to.”
A decision on the planning application is expected in July 2018.
LONG BEACH, Calif. — TJ Shorts II made a running 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds remaining in double overtime to lift UC Davis past Long Beach State 105-104 on Saturday night.
Deishuan Booker drove the paint and floated his jump shot off the glass to give Long Beach State a two-point lead with 6.9 seconds left. Following a time out, Shorts took the ball at midcourt and dribbled the floor before lifting his game-winning shot that hit nothing but net. Booker's desperation 3-point shot was off at the buzzer.
Shorts finished with a career-high 31 points. Siler Schneider added 27 points for UC Davis (16-7, 7-2 Big West), which entered the game tied with UC Santa Barbara atop the conference standings.
Gabe Levin scored a career-high and program-best 45 points for Long Beach State (12-14, 6-4). He was 10 of 20 from the field and 24-of-28 shooting from the line, and surpassed Ed Ratleff, who scored 43 points against Pacific in 1972.
Chima Moneke, a senior forward who averages 18.4 points and 9.6 rebounds per game for UC Davis, was suspended indefinitely shortly before the game for violating team conduct rules at the team's hotel.
CANBERRA, Australia — An American seabed exploration company said Friday it has offered to take the financial risk of conducting a renewed search for missing Malaysia Airlines MH370.
Ocean Infinity's offer comes after victims' families have been urging the Malaysian government to agree to a private-sector hunt for Flight 370's wreckage.
After nearly three years, Malaysia, Australia and China suspended a 46,000 square-mile search of remote seabed in the southern Indian Ocean. They failed to find any trace of the Boeing 777.
Ocean Infinity said it remained hopeful Malaysia would accept its offer to continue the search using a team of advanced, fast-moving deep-sea drones fitted with sonar equipment.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Never-Before-Seen Maps of Indian Ocean Seafloor From MH370 Search Data 0:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The terms of the offer are confidential, but I can ... confirm that Ocean Infinity have offered to take on the economic risk of a renewed search," the company said in an email.
"We're in a constructive dialogue with the relevant authorities and are hopeful that the offer will be accepted," it added.
Voice370, a support group for families of the 239 people on board, said Ocean Infinity "would like to be paid a reward if and only if it finds the main debris field" according to the terms of the offer made in April.
"Why hasn't Malaysia accepted this win-win offer?" Voice370 asked in a statement.
Malaysia did not immediately respond to the families' question Friday.
The missing Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 that went missing in March 2014 flies over Poland around a month earlier. Tomasz Bartkowiak / Reuters
An international board of experts concluded the flight most likely crashed in a 9,700-square-mile area of ocean on the northern boundary of the last search zone, far southwest of Australia.
But Malaysia, Australia and China agree that the newly identified area is too big to justify resuming the publicly funded search, which has already cost $160 million.
Australia has coordinated the search on Malaysia's behalf because Flight 370 crashed in Australia's zone of search and rescue responsibility. It came down on March 8, 2014, after flying far off course on a journey from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to Beijing.
Transport Minister Darren Chester declined to comment on the possibility of a private search.
"Malaysia, as the state of registry for the aircraft, retains overall authority for any future search and any questions regarding possible future search efforts should be directed there," his office said in a statement.
"Australia stands ready to assist the Malaysian government in any way it can," it added.
Enterprise organizations often require a global Active Directory footprint to support their Windows based workloads. This session will describe best practices for deploying Active Directory on AWS. Starting with a single VPC we will expand to many VPC's in many Regions, thus demonstrating AWS capabilities to support a global Active Directory environment.
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
HUBER HEIGHTS — The Huber Heights Police Division is hosting their Citizen Police Academy beginning Wednesday April 4, 2018. The Academy is open to all persons 21 years of age who live in, or work in Huber Heights. Citizens must apply and successfully pass a background check performed by the Huber Heights Police Division.
The Citizen Police Academy (CPA) is an instructional program designed to provide Huber Heights citizens with an understanding of the science and art of policing. The comprehensive program is designed to provide information on the law enforcement industry and its government principles.
The CPA will expose citizens to a number of current law enforcement issues and the latest Huber Heights Police Division procedures. It is not our intention to train citizens to take police action or perform law enforcement duties, but to provide them with an overview of the training received and functions performed by our officers. An optional ride-a-long is included in the program. Training is provided by Huber Heights Police Division officers who have expertise in the related subject areas.
Some of the topics will include criminal investigation, crime scene investigation, traffic laws, patrol operations and many other classes of interest. Tours of the Police Division building and Montgomery County Municipal Court Eastern Division are included. The participants will be performing traffic stops, searching buildings and even handcuffing suspects, they will meet many of the officers that are assigned to the R.E.R.T Team (Regional Emergency Response Team), Bike Patrol, and K-9 Units.
At the conclusion, a graduation dinner will be held and the participants will receive a certificate of attendance.
The CPA is offered in the evenings over an eight week consecutive period, with classes once per week beginning Wednesday April 4, 2018. Classes begin at 6:30 pm and conclude at 9:30 pm.
The CPA is limited to fifteen participants and classes are expected to fill up quickly. You can pick up your application and program packet at the Huber Heights Police Division, 6121 Taylorsville Road, between the hours of 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Applications must be returned no later than March 28th, 2018.
The interaction that takes place during the Citizens Police Academy benefits both the citizens of the Huber Heights Community and the Huber Heights Police Division. Get in on the action and apply now.
If you have questions please contact Sergeant Charles Taylor of the Huber Heights Police Division Public Affairs Unit at (937) 237-3556 or ctaylor@hhoh.org
http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_HHpolicelogo.jpg
Applications accepted until March 28
Staff report
If you have questions please contact Sergeant Charles Taylor of the Huber Heights Police Division Public Affairs Unit at (937) 237-3556 or ctaylor@hhoh.org.
If you have questions please contact Sergeant Charles Taylor of the Huber Heights Police Division Public Affairs Unit at (937) 237-3556 or ctaylor@hhoh.org.
The Trump administration's drive to wean poor people from government benefits by making them work has been slowed by a federal judge framing a fundamental question: Are poverty programs meant to show tough love or to help the needy?
U.S. District Judge James E. Boasberg in Washington last week halted Kentucky's first-in-the-nation experiment with Medicaid work requirements, ruling that the Trump administration glossed over potential coverage losses. He sent the state's plan back to federal authorities for a harder look.
The debate goes well beyond Medicaid, the federal-state health program for low-income and disabled people.
This spring, President Donald Trump signed an executive order directing cabinet agencies to add or strengthen work requirements for programs including subsidized housing, food stamps and cash welfare. The government's biggest assistance program for low-income people — the Earned Income Tax Credit — is already designed to supplement earnings from work.
Boasberg found that "medical assistance" is by law a "central objective" of Medicaid. While work requirements might be allowable if that's what a state wants, "there may be limits to how much (coverage) loss is too much," he wrote.
Kentucky's Republican Gov. Matt Bevin wanted to impose work requirements on some 428,000 state residents who got Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act's expansion. Optional for states, the expansion passed under former President Barack Obama covers about 12 million people nationally, mainly adults.
Kentucky expanded Medicaid under a Democratic governor. Bevin argues that the cost is unsustainable for his state, even with Washington paying at least 90 percent of the bill, because many more people signed up than initially expected. The state estimated that work requirements would save money, reducing the Medicaid rolls by about 95,000 people over five years.
That number got the judge's attention.
Boasberg ruled that the federal Health and Human Services department didn't dig deeply enough into the potential coverage losses. The department "paid no attention to that deprivation," he wrote, and "this oversight is glaring," amounting to rubber-stamping the state's request.
Although state and federal officials contend that many people leaving Medicaid would find private coverage, Boasberg said there was no hard analysis, no "bottom-line estimate."
The ruling seemed to catch the Trump administration unprepared.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, called it "disappointing." The administration may appeal, or it may re-run its evaluation of the Kentucky plan to meet the judge's concerns. Medicaid work requirements in a few other states are unaffected.
However, the ruling may make it much harder to approve work requirements in states that have not expanded Medicaid. In such states, Medicaid recipients would face a high risk of losing health care because even paltry earnings could make them ineligible for continued coverage.
Verma said the administration won't be deterred from nudging the poor to go to work.
"We will continue to support innovative, state-driven policies that are designed to advance the objectives of the Medicaid program by improving health outcomes for thousands of low-income Americans," she said in a statement. Work improves health, the administration argues.
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that about 60 percent of adults with Medicaid are already working, and among those not working, most either have health problems, are taking care of home or family or are students.
Advocates for low-income people say they feel like a corner has been turned, even if the issue is far from settled.
"What's particularly significant is that the judge basically said you have to look at the purpose of Medicaid, which is to provide coverage," said Judy Solomon of the nonprofit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Work requirements "were outside the core objectives of the Medicaid program, and he basically said you can't ignore the core objectives."
Others point out that the judge stopped short of deciding the merits of the case, focusing instead on problems with the process that HHS followed in approving Kentucky's request.
Matt Salo, executive director of the nonpartisan National Association of Medicaid Directors, said work requirements may serve the purposes of Medicaid in some states, particularly if that helps convince conservative lawmakers to expand coverage to more uninsured people.
"There's a broader issue at play here about maintaining political support and the sustainability of the program," said Salo. "Does the inability to do a work requirement lead to a scenario where Kentucky is going to get rid of the entire expansion?"
So far that hasn't happened, but Bevin did cut Medicaid dental and vision coverage in response to the judge's ruling.
The case is Stewart vs. Azar.
Yoyow.org – the blockchain version of Facebook, Quora and Zhihu
yoyow.org is a Blockchain-based social media platform that developed by senior members of China Bitshares community. The team estimates to release the first version of yoyow within the next 3-4 months and the Initial Coin Offering (ICO) of yoyow.org will be held on May 5 on major Chinese ICO platforms, more details regarding the crowdfunding … Continue reading Yoyow.org – the blockchain version of Facebook, Quora and Zhihu
The post Yoyow.org – the blockchain version of Facebook, Quora and Zhihu appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES — Joseph Bologna, an actor, writer, and director known for his role in 1982's "My Favorite Year" and for his long collaboration on stage and screen with wife Renee Taylor, has died after a three-year battle with pancreatic cancer. He was 82.
Bologna died Sunday morning at City of Hope in Duarte, Calif. Just last month, Bologna attended a 35th anniversary screening of "My Favorite Year" in Los Angeles. Bologna played the explosive TV star King Kaiser in the backstage comedy inspired by Mel Brooks' experiences as a young TV writer on Sid Caesar's legendary "Your Show of Shows."
Renee Taylor and Joseph Bologna attend the "Actor's Fund Benefit" on Sept, 12, 1987 in Beverly Hills, California. Ron Galella, Ltd. / WireImage
Taylor said Bologna had "a beautiful life and a beautiful death." Bologna died just two days after the couple celebrated their 52nd wedding anniversary.
Bologna and Taylor co-wrote and starred in the Broadway show "Lovers and Others Strangers" in 1968. The pair then earned Oscar nominations for their screenplay adaptation for the 1970 film starring Gig Young and Bea Arthur. Taylor and Bologna also won a Writers Guild Award for their 1971 movie "Made For Each Other," in which they also starred.
In all, the couple co-wrote some 22 plays and collaborated on numerous film and TV projects, including the Marlo Thomas TV special "Acts of Love and Other Comedies," and such series as CBS' "Calucci's Department," HBO's "Bedrooms," and PBS' "American Dream Machine."
Bologna and Taylor were introduced by their mutual manager, Buddy Allen. The couple's wedding was held on the stage of "The Merv Griffin Show" and featured on the talk show. Taylor noted that they renewed their vows five times over their half-century together, each time in a different religious ceremony.
Joseph Bologna attends the 23rd annual "Night Of 100 Stars" black tie dinner viewing gala on Feb. 24, 2013 in Beverly Hills, California. Tommaso Boddi / WireImage
A native of Brooklyn, Bologna grew up in a working-class Italian-American family and went on to serve in the Marine Corps. He then entered the advertising business in the "Mad Men" era. He directed numerous commercials before turning his focus to the stage with Taylor.
Bologna's other film credits include 1976's "Woman of the Year," 1984's "Blame It on Rio" and "The Woman in Red," 1985's "Transylvania 6-5000," and 1989's "It Had to Be You." More recently, he lent his voice to 2006's "Ice Age: The Meltdown."
Bologna also logged dozens of TV credits over the years, from telepics to sitcoms to dramas. Among the notable made-fors were the 1986 miniseries "Sins" and 1983's "One Cooks, the Other Doesn't." Bologna appeared opposite future "Friends" star Matt LeBlanc in the 1991 "Married With Children" spinoff "Top of the Heap" and also in the 1987-88 dramedy "Rags to Riches." His last TV roles included guest shots on "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation," "According to Jim," and "Everwood."
Bologna's final project was the upcoming film "Tango Shalom," a comedy directed by his son, Gabriel. The elder Bologna co-wrote the screenplay with Claudio and Jos Laniado and stars alongside Taylor. The couple's daughter, Zizi, served as music supervisor.
The family has said that funeral services are being arranged at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills.
Moon Alert
Avoid shopping or big decisions from 2 AM until 5 PM EST today. After that, the Moon moves from Virgo into Libra.
Aries (March 21-April 19)
Because you are energized talking to others today, you will be effective dealing with groups. Yup – you're leader of the pack! You might energize younger people or vice a versa they will energize you. This is an excellent day to think about your future goals. What are they?
Taurus (April 20-May 20)
You will be effective talking to bosses and parents today. People in authority will listen to you because of your enthusiasm. When you firmly believe in something, it's easy to convince others to jump on your bandwagon. You are also quick to defend your ideas.
Gemini (May 21-June 20)
This is a fabulous day to study and learn something new because you have lots of mental energy. You will be enthusiastic about pursuing psychology, philosophy, religion and discussions about astrology or other esoteric subjects because you want to expand your mind through study and conversation with others.
Cancer (June 21-July 22)
You will be vigourous about defending your rights when it comes to shared property, inheritances or insurance disputes. You might also speak up on behalf of someone else. You can use your intellectual enthusiasm to wrap up loose details.
Leo (July 23-Aug. 22)
Conversations with others are lively and off-the-wall today! Not only are you intellectually enthused about something, you will attract someone to you (probably younger) who is lively and talkative as well. It's a great day to schmooze with partners and close friends. Enjoy your gabfest!
Virgo (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Rule up your sleeves because today you have lots of energy to dig in at work – in a hands-on, practical way. Furthermore, whatever you achieve will be satisfying to you. Discussions with colleagues will be lively. Look for ways to make improvements.
Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Your creative vibes are hot today. This is also a busy day with kids, sports events, social occasions and invitations to fun events. Expect people to make demands on your time. Use your Libran skills to juggle all this and still enjoy yourself. Of course, you can do this.
Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
You have lots of energy to tackle home repairs today. You might tear down something to the studs so you can start all over again. You mean business! Likewise, family discussions will be lively and productive. Spontaneous entertaining at home might also occur. (Stock the fridge.)
Sagittarius (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
Your mind is alive and alert today, which is why this is a great day to write, teach, edit, act, sell or market. Short trips will appeal. Let's face it – this is the kind of day where you are trying to do everything with one hand while you ride a unicycle.
Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You will be aggressive in financial discussions today. You will defend your own best interests. Many of you will have exciting, moneymaking ideas, while others will be enthusiastic about buying something or shopping in general. It's an energetic, money day!
Aquarius (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
You are extremely busy today. You're full of ideas and working hard mentally to advance any project that interests you. You won't hesitate to take charge and run things. You're also ready to convince others to agree with you because you have lots of mental energy today. Oh yeah.
Pisces (Feb. 19-March 20)
Research of any kind will go well today because you are focused, intent, energetic and persevering. You intend to keep digging for answers until you find what you're looking for. This is the classic day for some secrets to come out as well. (Be discreet.)
If Your Birthday Is Today
Barrister Amal Clooney (1978) shares your birthday today. You have an active mind. You value your freedom, especially your intellectual freedom. You are very compassionate to others. It's time to get a better understanding of who you are. Explore meditation, yoga or other disciplines. This is also a year of teaching and learning. What you learn this year will be crucial for your progress and success next year.
BISMARCK, N.D. — The Latest on a sexual harassment proposal for the North Dakota Capitol (all times local):
3 p.m.
Lawmakers say a proposed policy establishing procedures for handling sexual harassment complaints in North Dakota's Capitol is a good start but needs more work.
Lawmakers, legislative employees, lobbyists and reporters could bring complaints to designated officials including legislative majority leaders and Legislative Council leaders, who would then look into the matter or hire an independent investigator. All of them also would designate a person of the opposite sex who could take complaints.
Members of the Legislative Procedure and Arrangements Committee say they want more clarification on potential punishments for lawmakers, and more thought given to how a complaint would be resolved. Some also question whether the list of people who handle complaints should be expanded, possibly to include minority leaders and neutral third parties.
The committee will continue work on the proposal in June.
——
12 p.m.
A proposed policy would establish procedures for handling and resolving reports of sexual harassment in North Dakota's Capitol.
Existing policy bars harassment but provides no process for the reporting of complaints. The new proposal is being studied by the Legislative Procedure and Arrangements Committee.
Lawmakers, legislative employees, lobbyists and reporters could bring complaints to designated officials including legislative majority leaders and Legislative Council leaders, who would then look into the matter or hire an independent investigator. All of them also would designate a person of the opposite sex who could take complaints.
Legislative leaders have said they aren't aware of any sexual harassment allegations in the Capitol, but they decided to update policy amid a wave of complaints in the political and entertainment worlds and the rapid spread of the #MeToo movement.
It applies to medication abortions, which do not require surgery and are available only in the early stages of pregnancy. Patients are given a pill in a doctor's office and take a second one at home a few days later.
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said in a statement that as the state's top law enforcement official, "I have fully defended this law at every turn and applaud the Supreme Court's decision against Planned Parenthood today."
"Protecting the health and well-being of women and the unborn will always be a priority. We are a pro-life state and always will be as long as I am attorney general," Rutledge said.
The Arkansas law, the Abortion-Inducing Drugs Safety Act, requires doctors providing medication abortions to have a contract with another doctor, who must have hospital admitting privileges. Its sponsors described it as a safety measure helping to assure that complications arising at home could be quickly treated.
Planned Parenthood sued to block the law, calling it medically unnecessary. In the rare case when complications arise, the group said, patients are at home and typically seek treatment at a hospital emergency room. And it said because its clinics could not find any doctors willing to accept a contract with a Planned Parenthood-affiliated physician, clinics in Little Rock and Fayetteville would stop offering abortion services if the law went into effect.
"Arkansas is now shamefully responsible for being the first state to ban medication abortion. This dangerous law also immediately ends access to safe, legal abortion at all but one health center in the state," Dawn Laguens, Planned Parenthood's executive vice president, said in a statement. "If that's not an undue burden, what is? This law cannot and must not stand. We will not stop fighting for every person's right to access safe, legal abortion."
The state countered that the procedure is not common, with just 14 percent of Arkansas abortion patients opting for a medication abortion, and that those who seek it are more likely to experience complications.
Arkansas also called the law "a carefully targeted response to medication abortion's unique risks profile" and said it would impose a system similar to one adopted earlier by Texas which required abortion providers to have a working arrangement with a doctor who had hospital admitting privileges.
A federal judge in Little Rock blocked enforcement of the law, finding it similar to a Texas law declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court two years ago. It required doctors providing abortion services to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals.
But the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals ordered the lower court's stay to be lifted and sent the case back to the trial judge for further proceedings to find an estimate of how many women would be burdened by the contract physician requirement. The appeals court allowed the stay of enforcement to remain in effect until the Supreme Court decided whether to hear the case.
Aaron Brooks went through a wicked slump during most of December, but he's starting to find his shot again.
Brace yourself for these stats. Aaron Brooks shot 25.0% from the field throughout the first 12 games of the month of December. He also shot 11.1% from deep, averaging just 2.7 points per game.
Your team is automatically at a disadvantage when your backup point guard is putting up numbers like that.
Thankfully, for the Indiana Pacers, Brooks has gotten it going as of late. He broke out of his slump big time in the Pacers' loss to the Chicago Bulls in Chicago on December 26th. Brooks scored a season-high 19 points against his former team.
Over the last four games, Brooks has shot a much better 62.5% from the field. He's also knocked down 7 of 11 from 3-point land, good for 63.6%.
His most recent performance was much needed for the Pacers, especially with Jeff Teague tweaking his ankle. The Pacers got a victory over the Orlando Magic as Brooks scored 14 points on 6 on 9 shooting in 18 minutes.
Brooks gets buckets in a variety of ways. He may be small, but he can score the ball. Brooks has consistently used a hook shot when he gets in the paint, and he even made a floater from 3-point land at the buzzer at the end of the first half during their win over Orlando.
[embedded content]
Getting productive play from your bench is huge — from any position — so Brooks playing well is huge for the Indiana Pacers.
He will look to keep it up on Tuesday, as the Pacers face off against the Detroit Pistons in the last ever game between the two at the Palace of Auburn Hills. A lot of history has happened in that very building between the two teams — to say the least.
More from 8 Points, 9 Seconds
This article originally appeared on
When is Strictly Come Dancing back on TV?
BBC's celebrity dance-off will return for a 15th series in Autumn 2017. It's far too early for the exact schedules to be confirmed, but traditionally the launch show is in early September followed by a two or three week break for the dancers to train alongside their professional partner before going live on Saturday night's near the end of September.
Who are the judges for 2017?
As we all know, Len Goodman has now left the British version of Strictly Come Dancing after being head judge on the show for 14 years since it began on the BBC.
It is largely expected that the three remaining judges, Craig Revel Horwood, Bruno Tonioli and Darcey Bussell will return to the show, but there is currently no word on who will replace Len Goodman or if indeed anyone will replace him.
The biggest rumours for Len's spot on the famous panel include professional dancers from the show Anton Du Beke, Karen Hardy and Brendan Cole or perhaps a return of former judge Arlene Phillips? The guessing games will for now have to continue...
Who are the presenters?
Although there has been no official confirmation, it seems likely that the BBC will stick with their winning weekend all-female formula of Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman fronting their shiny floored show.
Who's going to be in the celebrity line-up?
This is where the real fun begins, as it's of course very early days and the producers of the show will not yet have decided their celebrity cast.
However, it's never too early to start speculating, so here are some names that the bookies are favouring, have been rumoured in the past, or simply sound like a good fit...
Jessica Ennis-Hill
What's next for one of Britain's greatest ever Olympians now she's announced her retirement from professional athletics and been made a Dame? Well, there's no question that the public would love to see our ‘golden girl' following in the footsteps of other great Olympics stars and competing for the glitter ball trophy – and the bookmakers think there's a good chance Jess will say “yes” too!
Current bookies' odds on joining the Strictly 2017 cast: 2/1
LOS ANGELES -- Now, we wait.
While we wait, however, there is plenty to discuss.
The Eagles' season was potentially turned upside on Sunday in the team's 43-35 win over the Los Angeles Rams, when quarterback Carson Wentz went down with a knee injury.
While initial reports suggest Wentz might have suffered a torn ACL, the Eagles have yet to give any official word on the injury. Head coach Doug Pederson is expected to give an update on Wentz during his Monday afternoon press conference.
Until then, you should listen to our latest podcast.
7 QBs Eagles could sign to backup Foles
In the latest episode of The No-Huddle Show, Eliot Shorr-Parks and Matt Lombardo discuss the injury to Wentz, it's potential ramifications, and what this means for the Eagles' season going forward.
Also, what can be expected of backup quarterback Nick Foles going forward -- and does this potential season-ending injury to Wentz change the outlook for his career?
All of that and more is discussed in the latest episode of The No-Huddle Show, recorded from the radio booths of the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
If you haven't already, please make sure to subscribe and leave us a five-star review!
EPISODE INFO:
* Episode No. 128
* Hosted by: Eliot Shorr-Parks, Matt Lombardo
* Recorded: From radio booths at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum
SUBSCRIBE:
* iTunes
* Stitcher
* SoundCloud
* iHeartRadio
* Google Play
* Spreaker
ABOUT:
The No-Huddle Show is a Philadelphia Eagles podcast produced by NJ Advance Media. New episodes air every week.
Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @EliotShorrParks. Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook.
By Bongani Mthethwa | Sunday Times |
Jacob Zuma's son Edward says the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) has embarked on a witch hunt against his father after it reinstated a case against the former president. The charges include corruption‚ fraud‚ money laundering and racketeering.
In a statement issued in his personal capacity on Monday‚ Zuma junior questioned the “impartiality” of the NPA and accused the prosecuting authority of being used to “clamp down on those who speak the truth to white monopoly capital.”
He vowed that they would defend the former president in every way possible and that those who despise him “will regret” the NPA decision to recharge his father.
“The National Prosecuting Authority has taken a decision which even a child can see that it is based on a witch-hunt and very suspicious and thought-provoking reasons which as a citizen of this country one would feel very much that state institutions are being used to clamp down on anyone who stands and speaks truth to white monopoly capital and its offsprings‚” he said.
He also lashed out at the country's judiciary‚ saying it was not making it “easier for us to trust it … hence the uncertainty on their impartiality in the matter of the former president Jacob Zuma.”
“I know some will say but the so-called charges emanate from long time ago‚ I will respond to say the battle to tarnish and get rid of Jacob Zuma is more than 20 years‚ hence he is still being crucified till this day and by the look of things this isn't going to stop any time soon.”
He said Zuma would continue to be a champion of the poor.
“We shall however radically and vigorously rally behind and push for land expropriation without compensation and radical economic transformation and those that stole our economy and hiding in Stellenbosch and London shall be exposed by the masses as the NPA is afraid of prosecuting such as they are said to be in charge of the country indirectly.”
EVERETT, Wash. — A man was convicted Wednesday of killing his former neighbours and hiding their bodies in the woods northeast of Seattle after one of them told authorities he was squatting at the house he sold following a devastating landslide.
A jury found John Reed, 55, guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Patrick Shunn, 45, and second-degree murder in the death Monique Patenaude, 46, and the Daily Herald reported . He faces life in prison.
Prosecutors said Reed killed Patenaude and then fatally shot Shunn several hours later as he arrived home on April 11, 2016, near Oso, a small community that was the site of the nation's worst landslide in 2014.
Reed had an ongoing feud with the couple and threatened to shoot them after they cut brush next to his property in 2013, according to prosecutors. Deputies described Reed as an aggressive neighbour.
After the landslide, Reed sold his property to the county under a flood-mitigation program. Several weeks before Patenaude was killed, she reported that Reed had been illegally squatting, according to charging documents.
Reed testified last week that he shot Patenaude and Shunn in self-defence after the couple confronted him at his former property. He claimed he “panicked” and had his brother, Tony Reed, help him bury the couple's bodies and stash the couple's vehicles.
The brothers fled to Mexico after the slayings. Mexican authorities arrested John Reed more than two months later.
Tony Reed had already turned himself in and led detectives to the couple's gravesite. He was sentenced to 14 months in jail after pleading guilty to rendering criminal assistance.
Prosecutors decided not to seek the death penalty against John Reed. He also was convicted of unlawful possession of a firearm after a trial that lasted over two weeks in Snohomish County Superior Court.
——
Information from: The Daily Herald, http://www.heraldnet.com
NEW YORK — Just days before the Super Bowl, John Mellencamp sank to his knees in support of the Black Lives Matter movement after performing a political ballad on the “Late Show With Stephen Colbert.”
The singer-songwriter sang the violin-and-piano dirge “Easy Target,” with the lyrics “In the street and the gutters/ The cotton fields in this land/ Here's an easy target.” At the end, he knelt and lifted his right fist into the air.
The song comes from Mellencamp's album “Sad Clowns & Hillbillies,” which came out late last year.
Former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick started the kneeling movement at the national anthem to protest racial inequality and police mistreatment of black males. The protests prompted President Donald Trump to say players should be fired for not standing during the anthem.
“Taking the knee started purely and simply as a protest of racial and social injustice,” Mellencamp told The Associated Press. “Sadly it was politicized by the current administration. The song is simple and the protest is pure.”
NEW YORK — Tusculum pitcher Tim Hardy has been selected in the 18th round by the Houston Astros in the 2017 Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft announced officials Wednesday afternoon.
Hardy was the 541st overall pick in this year's draft and becomes the 29th player during the Coach Doug Jones' era to be drafted or sign professionally.
I am very happy for Tim. This is a story of determination and desire. He arrived at Tusculum as an average high school pitcher and we challenged him to get in shape and work harder than he ever has,” said Coach Jones. “He met those challenges head on and outworked those around him to get to this point in his life. Tim has a “Get To” type of approach to life and that will allow him to be successful in everything that he does.”
Hardy, a 6-7, 250-pound sophomore left-hander from Monroe, North Carolina, boasted a 9-3 record with a 3.91 earned run average last season with the Pioneers. His 94 strikeouts were third in the league, 33rd in NCAA Division II, and the fourth-most in a TC single season. His nine victories (2nd in SAC/29th in NCAA II) are tied for the eighth most in a season by a Pioneer and earned All-South Atlantic Conference second team accolades.
He opened the season going 7-0 in his first nine appearances, including eight starts. He accounted for wins against Lynn, Coker, Mars Hill, Newberry Brevard, Anderson, and Bluefield State along with victories against two nationally-ranked opponents in 18th-ranked Belmont Abbey and sixth-ranked Tampa. He recorded eight or more strikeouts on five occasions, including a season-high 10 strikeouts in back-to-back wins over Mars Hill and Newberry.
During his two seasons at Tusculum, he finished with a 10-4 record with a 3.82 ERA. In his 32 mound appearances, he made 13 starts, including three complete games, one shutout and two combined shutouts. He pitched in 96.2 innings where he recorded 111 strikeouts against just 27 walks and limited the opposition to a .265 batting average.
Hardy majors in sport management at Tusculum and is a member of the Athletic Director's Honor Roll.
Tusculum finishes the season with a 30-20 record for the program's 17th consecutive winning season and 15th straight 30-win campaign.
– TC –
Tusculum Major League Baseball Selections
(Since 2004)
Name Pos. Club
Adam Beacham C Kansas City Royals (FA)
Robbie Bouman SS Tampa Bay Rays (FA)
Eric Butler P Arizona Diamondbacks (FA)
Alexi Colon OF San Diego Padres (32nd Rd.)
Sean Cotten C/1B Washington Nationals (FA)
Rob Currie P Milwaukee Brewers (12th Rd.)
Brandon Dickson P St. Louis Cardinals (FA)
Maikol Gonzalez INF Colorado Rockies (35th Rd.) / Los Angeles Dodgers (FA)
Kevin Hammons P Miami Marlins (24th Rd.)
Tim Hardy P Houston Astros (18th Rd.)
Tio McLean P Houston Astros (FA)
Christian Rosa C St. Louis Cardinals (FA)
Raymond Ruggles P San Francisco Giants (43rd Rd.)
Ben Swaggerty P Kansas City Royals (FA) / Atlanta Braves (FA)
Placido Torres P New York Mets (8th Rd.)
Brandon Tuten P Los Angeles Dodgers (FA)
Devan Watts P Atlanta Braves (17th Rd.)
Two days after a controversial red card shown to Kaka as a result of a Video Review conducted in the closing stages of a 3-1 loss to the New York Red Bulls on Saturday night, Orlando City SC issued a statement explaining the club's position on the matter.
The complete statement follows below:
In the closing minutes of Saturday's match between Orlando City and the New York Red Bulls at Red Bull Arena, Orlando City captain Kaká was issued a straight red card following a playful interaction with former teammate Aurélien Collin.
Immediately following the Video Review of the incident, several Orlando City players and Collin approached the referee to explain the friendly nature of the situation.
After much deliberation, which included conversations about the global attention this incident is receiving from fans and media alike, the Club will respect the decision made by the Video Assistant Referee, the Professional Referee Organization and Major League Soccer to avoid further unjustified consequences that may come from appealing the decision made on the field.
Though Orlando City SC fully supports MLS, PRO and the new Video Review system, the Club does not support the notion that Kaká — a role model known around the world for his upstanding character and demeanor— is guilty of violent conduct, defined as an attempt to use excessive force or brutality against an opponent when not challenging for the ball. Moreover, we also do not believe he deliberately “struck” an opponent or any other person on the head or face with his hand or arm during the match.
Kaká has only received two straight red cards in his illustrious club career, both of them in MLS.
The Captain will accept the one-game suspension and help our Club and fans focus on the next task - the first home game in nearly a month for the Lions against a strong Eastern Conference opponent, Columbus Crew SC, at Orlando City Stadium this Saturday.
Explain reports of Chinese road construction in Dokalam, Rahul asks Modi
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 20:01 IST
Rahul Gandhi tweeted a message asking Modi to explain how China can make roads in Dokalam after he was done with his chest-thumping. PTI file photo.
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi took a swipe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi today and asked him to explain reports of road construction activity by China in Dokalam if he was done "thumping" his chest.
Gandhi's comment comes a day after sources said China maintained a sizeable presence of troops near the site of the Dokalam standoff with India and had started widening a road, around 12 km from the area of conflict.
"Modiji, once you're done thumping your chest, could you please explain this?" Gandhi tweeted, tagging a news report headlined, "With 500 Soldiers On Guard, China Expands Road In Doklam".
Troops of India and China were locked in a 73-day standoff in Dokalam that began from June 16 over road construction activity at the India-Bhutan-China trijunction.
The tension eased after talks between top officials of both the countries.
Logistics firm unveils platform to connect SMEs globally
A LOGISTICS company, Red Star Express, has unveiled plans to connect Small and Medium-scale Enterprises (SMEs) in the country and empower them to operate on global standard.
Group Managing Director of the company, Mr Sola Obabori, launched the project in Lagos as part of activities to mark the firm's 25th anniversary. He said that the initiative tagged, “SME 1000”, is meant to help entrepreneurs, especially upcoming ones, get firmly rooted, grow and possibly compete with favorably with competing brands globally. According to Obabori, “SMEs have always being there but it is the ability to grow into a business that has been the problem. In Nigeria we have failed in succession planning unlike in foreign countries,
Global business
That is why RedStar is focused on helping entrepreneurs become big and push them to the global market. Various governments have tried in pushing SMEs. Take for instance in Abia State, the government has tried to push products made in Abia State to the global market and try to promote commerce.”
“Red Star chose to embark on this SME 1000 project in order to promote and create a platform to connect these SMEs globally, because RedStar is a global business which can connect with any part of the world in 72 hours. We want to bring 1000 SMEs together to partner with them and create opportunities and network for them in order to enable them understand the process of running an SME. We understand that some of the challenges of coming up with an SME is infrastructure, inconsistency, succession plans, lack of focus, amongst others. Subscription for the SME 1000 is already on, and there is a large crowd of people interested. We have gotten calls and we partnered with the chamber of commerce. There is also a large network of people. To participate, interested entrepreneurs should just visit our website, fill the forms, and someone will be with them to discuss through an engagement.
Obabori further stated that Red Star has a target to mentor and monitor the SMEs so that by the year 2020, the company can showcase some of these SMEs that have grown and established themselves in Nigeria as a success story. “We realized that many companies have packed up as a result of economic recession, and that's why Red Star decided to embark on this SME project. We also realized that in starting up a business, the first five years are the most critical time but once the company gets to 10 years, it begins to stabilize and the public can begin to trust it,” he added.
The post Logistics firm unveils platform to connect SMEs globally appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES — Relievers Pedro Baez and Ross Stripling are on the Los Angeles Dodgers' roster for their NL Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Outfielder Joc Pederson and utility player Tim Locastro didn't make the lineup announced by Los Angeles manager Dave Roberts on Friday before Game 1 at Dodger Stadium.
Arizona made two changes to its roster from the wild-card game against Colorado, adding Game 1 starter Taijuan Walker and Pacific Coast League MVP Christian Walker while dropping outfielder Rey Fuentes and catcher Chris Herrmann.
Baez made a team-leading 66 relief appearances this season, but was a target of derision for Dodgers fans while posting a 2.95 ERA. After two dismal appearances in early September, he didn't allow a run while striking out seven over four scoreless appearances to end the regular season.
Roberts has been a firm supporter of Baez, who has pitched for the Dodgers since 2014. The 29-year-old Dominican right-hander has a career 6.52 ERA in 11 post-season appearances.
“I'm definitely confident that he has worked out his issues,” Roberts said this week.
Stripling was busy all year for the Dodgers, working 74 1-3 innings in a season that included two starts. But he also hits the post-season with questions after posting a 6.08 ERA in his final 13 appearances.
The Dodgers kept 12 pitchers, including eight relievers, at the expense of the speedy Locastro, who could have been a pinch-running specialist. Los Angeles also kept Kyle Farmer as a third catcher behind Yasmani Grandal and Austin Barnes.
Pederson, the Dodgers' slugging outfielder, also was left off the roster after batting .071 with no homers after July. Roberts instead went with Farmer, who played in only 20 games for Los Angeles this season.
Taijuan Walker will make his post-season debut in Game 1 for Arizona against Clayton Kershaw, stepping up after Arizona was forced to use presumptive Game 1 starter Robbie Ray in relief against Colorado.
Christian Walker batted .309 with 32 homers for Triple-A Reno, but he has only 39 career at-bats in the big leagues. He will provide a right-handed power threat off the Diamondbacks' bench.
Infielder Chris Owings also was left off Arizona's roster. He broke his right middle finger in July, but is close to returning.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The future of the Canadian Forces counterterrorism base in Ottawa could be decided in the next several months as senior defence officials consider whether it makes sense to follow through on plans to move it out of the nation's capital.
Joint Task Force 2 was supposed to relocate to a new facility at the base at Trenton, Ont., but that move has been stalled for almost a decade. Top defence officials have been briefed about various options for JTF2 and its base at Dwyer Hill, a farming community within the City of Ottawa.
Maj.-Gen. Mike Rouleau, Canada's special forces commander, declined to outline the options presented to the senior leadership, but said much has changed since the federal government first decided to move the unit.
“The situation is not the same today as it was in 2007,” Rouleau said. “The nature of threats is changing. The nature of what we're being asked to do in relation to other partners in government has obviously matured.”
In 2008, the Conservative government of the day announced JTF2 would relocate to CFB Trenton, but in 2014 Department of National Defence officials said the unit would remain at Dwyer Hill until at least 2019.
The Conservatives had authorized spending $346 million to build a new facility at the Trenton base and relocate the unit. However, special forces command added requirements for more capabilities at the proposed site, expanding it beyond its original scope and significantly driving up costs.
The situation is not the same today as it was in 2007
Chief of Defence Staff Gen. Jon Vance was previously warned the project was facing major risk in “cost and scope,” according to documents Postmedia obtained under access-to-information law.
Last year the Liberal government announced it would boost the size of Canada's special forces by 605 personnel, although it's unclear how many of those would be assigned to JTF2.
At the same time, some of Canada's allies have been rethinking the value of having counterterrorism forces situated in their capital cities, allowing for quick responses to any incidents. In January Germany announced that its Bonn-based GSG 9 counterterrorism unit would set up a new base in Berlin.
The JTF2 move to Trenton is still officially on the government's books. But, said Rouleau: “I think there has been enough changes around the issue to warrant a sober second look and to make sure decision makers are comfortable where that circa 2006 decision stands in 2018.”
The military has been talking about the need for a new base for the unit since 2005. Among the options considered in the past were expanding the existing Ottawa site or relocating the unit to Garrison Petawawa, Ont., also home to other special forces units.
In a controversial move in 2012, the Conservative government expropriated a 90-hectare farm near the Trenton base for the JTF2 facility. The farm had been owned by Frank Meyers and had been in his family for more than 200 years. A bid to stop the expropriation failed.
The military took over the property, tore down barns and built a berm and some access roads. However, with plans for the site unclear, Meyers' supporters have asked the Liberals to return the property. They have so far declined.
Canadian Special Operations Forces Command, or CANSOFCOM, oversees JTF2 in Ottawa; the 427 Special Operations Aviation Squadron and the Canadian Special Operations Regiment, both in Petawawa; and the Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit, a Trenton, Ont.-based organization that deals with weapons of mass destruction.
The Liberals' defence plan also calls for new infrastructure for the Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit, which will be adding personnel. Some existing buildings will be remodelled while other new facilities will be constructed at Trenton.
If JTF2 vacates its Dwyer Hill installation, the site will be offered up within DND and then to other federal departments. After that it could be offered to provincial and municipal governments. “If there is no interest at these levels, the property will be sold on the open market through an open and fair process,” a DND spokeswoman has said.
• Email: dpugliese@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidpugliese
Emergency officials responded to a wreck Friday night on I-12 E involving four to five vehicles.
Officials say the incident happened just before 8 p.m. on Friday, February 2 on I-12 E near Exit 22 (Livingston/Frost). One person reportedly sustained critical injuries and was transported via AirMed. Officials also say a grass fire started on the side of the road due to spilled fuel.
I-12 East is closed at Livingston (MM 22) due to an accident. Traffic is being diverted off I-12 East at Satsuma (MM 19). Congestion has reached 5 miles in length. Please use alternate route. — Baton Rouge Traffic (@BR_Traffic) February 3, 2018
Details are limited at this time. We will update the story when we know more.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Prince's family has filed a lawsuit against the Illinois hospital where the late singer was treated for an overdose a week before his death from another overdose, the New York Times reports. News of the lawsuit comes days after a Minnesota prosecutor announced that no criminal charges related to the death would be filed.
On April 15, 2016, Prince's plane made an emergency landing in Moline, Illinois, and the musician was treated for an overdose at the nearby Trinity Medical Center. The suit alleges the hospital's failure to properly diagnose the overdose was a “direct and proximate cause” for Prince's death six days later. Nicole F. Mancha, one of the doctors who treated the singer, was also named in the lawsuit as was an unnamed pharmacist and Walgreens, which the lawsuit accuses of improperly “dispensing narcotic prescription medications.” From the Times:
Dr. Mancha, in an interview with those investigating the musician's death, said Prince told her he had taken two Percocet, though she believed he was lying, she added, because the amount of that prescription drug would not have required two shots of Narcan. The singer refused all testing, including having blood drawn and undergoing a urine toxicology report, in what his friends later said was an effort to conceal his addiction to painkillers from the public. Prince, who was known for his privacy, left the hospital without further treatment and returned to his Paisley Park home in Minnesota, according to investigators.
As the Times notes, one of the pills Prince told Mancha he took was inscribed with the imprint Watson 853. The pill was identified by the hospital's pharmacy as hydrocodone, the opiate in Vicodin, though it was never tested. Investigators later found dozens of counterfeit pills labeled Watson 853 in a bottle by Prince's nightstand, all of which contained fentanyl, the powerful synthetic opioid fentanyl that the CDC says was responsible for 20,000 overdoses in 2017.
Last week, Dr. Michael Schulenberg, a doctor who prescribed Percocet to Prince not long before his death, was ordered to pay a $30,000 federal civil settlement for violating the Controlled Substances Act by allegedly prescribing the pills to the musician under the name of his bodyguard Kirk Johnson “for Prince's privacy.” Schulenberg has denied those allegations.
“What happened to Prince is happening to families across America,” the legal team for Prince's family in a statement to the Times. “The family wishes through its investigation to shed light on this epidemic and how to better the fight to save lives. If Prince's death helps save lives, then all was not lost.”
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - On August 21, 2017, the sky will go dark during the early afternoon over parts of Western and Southern Kentucky and dim over WAVE Country.
MORE ON KENTUCKY'S DARKEST DAY:
+ Kentucky Science Center to host week of eclipse events
+ Where to buy legitimate eclipse glasses
+ Amazon issues recall on some solar eclipse glasses
As the moon passes across the sun on Kentucky's Darkest Day, it's important to have either a pair of eclipse viewing glasses or an eclipse pinhole projector handy.
Below is a link to download a pinhole projector sheet that you can print out at home for viewing a projected image of the solar eclipse.
Please read the safety and instructions presented below before downloading and printing your eclipse projector.
SAFETY: DO NOT look at the sun with the naked eye, even during the maximum point of a partial solar eclipse like we'll have here in WAVE Country. Even the smallest sliver of sunlight peeking out from around the sun can cause permanent eye damage in seconds.
INSTRUCTIONS: Simply print out the eclipse pinhole projector sheet at the link below, cut it in half along the dotted line to make two projectors (give one to a friend!), poke a small hole in the center of it each half sheet, then hold one of the half sheets a few feet above the ground or another piece of paper. Make sure your back is facing the sun. You'll see a projected image of the sun below the pinhole sheet. DO NOT under any circumstance look at the sun directly through the hole of the eclipse projector, let it project an image on another surface instead.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Is one of Detroit's Big Three for sale to the Chinese?
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles has reportedly rejected an acquisition bid by a Chinese automaker — but a variety of analysts and observers within the auto industry believe it could be just a matter of time before FCA is given an offer it would be willing to accept.
FCA was formed by the merger of Italy's Fiat and Chrysler shortly after the Detroit carmaker emerged from its 2010 bankruptcy with the help of a massive federal bailout. Over the last several years, however, FCA Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne has made it clear he is looking for another partner and might alternately consider the sale of all or part of his company.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New Technology Is Center Stage At Detroit Auto Show 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“The only one who would have the money (and reason) to take over Fiat Chrysler Automobiles would be China,” said analyst David Sullivan, of the consulting form AutoPacific. “The Chinese seem more enthralled” with opportunities presented by key FCA brands like Jeep, Sullivan added, “than anyone else.”
Related: Why We Are Facing an Automotive Revolution
One of the big questions is how a Chinese takeover of the third-largest U.S. automaker would play out with the Trump administration, especially as President Donald Trump threatens to take action against China over a lopsided balance of trade.
Who Was Behind the Reported Bid?
Word of a bid by an unspecified Chinese automaker first appeared in the trade publication Automotive News on Monday morning. Sources told NBC News the bid may have come from Guangzhou Automobile Group, or GAC, which is based in a region traditionally known as Canton, in southern China.
GAC already has a relationship with FCA. Under Chinese law, foreign manufacturers must partner with a local company to produce vehicles in the country, and the Jeep Renegade began rolling off an assembly line operated by GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in April 2016.
Related: Big Changes for the Big Three
Early this year, John Murphy, an analyst with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, said he believed FCA could be purchased by a Chinese company within three to five years, with GAC being one of the more likely bidders.
But FCA officials also met with representatives of Great Wall Motors at the American maker's suburban Detroit headquarters in May. Meanwhile, Michael Manley, a senior FCA executive who, among other things, oversees the Jeep brand, skipped a major media event he was supposed to attend last month to fly to China. It is not clear whether that trip was related to a purchase offer, normal business involving Jeep production in China or, perhaps, both.
A request for comment from FCA has not yet been returned.
The Biggest Market in the World
China's automotive market is now the largest in the world, and carmakers have struggled to keep up with demand that has grown by double digits every year since the turn of the millennium. But that rate of growth has been slowing and is likely to run at less than 7 pecent for all of 2017, according to Chinese analysts and trade groups.
As things have slowed, local manufacturers have become more interested in finding new markets abroad. But homegrown Chinese carmakers have so far had only marginal success expanding abroad under their own names, in part due to concerns about the quality, reliability, and safety of their products. Zhejiang Geely has had arguably the biggest success by acquiring Volvo. The Swedish-based company now operates two assembly plants in China and is taking the lead in developing new products for the Geely brand. It is also expanding the export of Chinese-made Volvo products.
Vovlo CEO Hakan Samuelsson speaks during presentation of the new Volvo XC60 car during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland, March 7, 2017. Denis Balibouse / Reuters file
The same approach could work for GAC or another Chinese carmaker with deep enough pockets, suggested Joe Phillippi, head of AutoTrends Consulting. “We could see a mad scramble among the top three of four players in China to tie up with an American partner and FCA is the one most open.”
Marchionne has been openly looking for another partner and has approached a variety of potential Western allies, notably including General Motors, which turned him down flat. While Marchionne has most often suggested his goal is an alliance, he has not ruled out the sale of his company and, during a recent conference call with industry analysts acknowledged he would even consider selling off specific FCA brands.
What's for Sale?
The primary focus likely would be on the company's two crown jewels, Jeep and Ram. Light truck sales are booming worldwide and, in the U.S. now account for almost two-thirds of the new vehicle market. Jeep sales have slid slightly this year, but only because of production issues related to a planned expansion of the brand. An all-new version of its iconic Wrangler model, for example, will soon start rolling off a completely refurbished plant in Toledo, Ohio. An assortment of new models, including a Jeep pickup and the reborn Wagoneer flagship model are in the pipeline, as well.
Related: Is FCA About to Sell Off Jeep and Ram?
“The timing couldn't be better for a sale,” said analyst Sullivan. “While every other automaker is struggling with declining sales and bloated inventories of passenger cars, that's not something that FCA has to deal with since they have a much less car-centric line-up.”
The question is what would be left if either Jeep or Ram — or both — were sold off. The two remaining U.S. brands, Chrysler and Dodge, have seen their product line-ups largely scaled back over the last several years, reflecting the rapid decline in sedan and coupe sales. The Fiat brand continues to struggle, especially in the U.S. And the planned, $6 billion revival of the Italian Alfa Romeo brand is still in the early stages.
For his part, Marchionne has said he also sees great potential for Alfa and the even more upscale Maserati brand in China.
Chinese Ownership After a Billion-Dollar Bailout?
How a Chinese acquisition of FCA would play out is far from certain, especially in today's political climate. There could be strong opposition to the sale of a company saved only with the help of U.S. taxpayers — though FCA ultimately paid back the U.S. Treasury, unlike rival General Motors.
Related: Why You Should Watch this Move About the Auto Bailout
China, on the whole, is facing the threat of trade sanctions by the Trump administration because of a lopsided trade balance. In March, National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro declared “unacceptable” China's policy on imports of foreign-made autos. The country has a 25 percent tariff on American-made vehicles. It also requires foreign companies such as FCA, Ford, and General Motors to enter an alliance with local Chinese companies if they want to produce vehicles in that country.
China hasn't been the only target. In January, the new president warned Toyota it could face a “big border tax” if it didn't shift more production to the U.S.
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017
During his presidential campaign, Trump also repeatedly went after Ford for planning to shift small car production from an American plant to Mexico. Curiously, he was essentially silent when Ford more recently said it would, instead, build its compact Ford Focus in China.
“The Ford decision shows how flexible multinational companies are in terms of geography,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross responded to that announcement.
Nonetheless, with the president now putting Chinese trade back in the spotlight, anything that might boost the trade imbalance — and high-dollar cars could do that quickly — might trigger a sharp rebuke. But by acquiring FCA and retaining — and perhaps even expanding — its U.S. production base, some observers believe a Chinese automaker could enter the market without stirring up trade frictions.
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) - Malik Monk had 20 points and a career-high eight rebounds, Derek Willis had 16 points and No. 13 Kentucky made 10 3-pointers in the first half to roll past Tennessee 83-58 on Tuesday night.
Seeking to stay atop the Southeastern Conference, the Wildcats avenged last month's 82-80 road loss to the Volunteers with their best performance in a while. Long-range shooting provided the biggest lift as Kentucky (21-5, 11-2) made 11, its first double-digit effort from behind the arc in a month, as Monk and Willis each made four in the first half alone.
The Wildcats held Tennessee (14-12, 6-7) to 35 percent shooting and led by as many as 28 points in handing the Volunteers their third loss in four games.
De'Aaron Fox had 13 points and six assists and Bam Adebayo grabbed 12 rebounds in Kentucky's third straight win.
Admiral Schofield had 17 points and Jordan Bone 15 for Tennessee, which was outrebounded 33-29.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
JAMES ANDERSON is urging England's chastened players to block out the ‘outside noise' from a growing bandwagon of critics ahead of Friday's pivotal Second Test against Pakistan at Headingley.
England head north with criticism still ringing in their ears following a nine-wicket loss in the series opener at Lord's against the impressive tourists, who will clinch a first series win on these shores since 1996 if they avoid defeat in Leeds.
England coach Trevor Bayliss (left) chats with Yorkshire director of cricket Martyn Moxon during nets ahead of the second Test Match. (Picture: Stu Forster/Getty Images)
A miserable performance at the home of cricket saw England lose their first Test of a home summer for the first time in 23 years, but also – rather more worryingly – extend their sequence without a Test win to eight matches.
Opener Mark Stoneman was the first casualty of the insipid events at Lord's, losing his place to Lancashire's Keaton Jennings.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan went much further by making the bold suggestion that either James Anderson or Stuart Broad – who have taken a combined 946 Test wickets between them – should be dropped.
Vaughan, who said that England's problems have “gone beyond just changing the opening batsman” later went onto state that Broad should be the one to make way if the hosts elect to start with Nottinghamshire team-mate Chris Woakes in Leeds.
England batsman Keaton Jennings in action during nets ahead of the Headingley Test. (Picture: Stu Forster/Getty Images)
That such a respected voice in cricket such as Vaughan should openly state that one of England's star two bowlers from the last decade should be axed is indicative of the deep sense of disquest at the side's recent Test slump.
Acknowledging that criticism will always come with the territory when a team is on such a disappointing run, record England Test wicket-taker Anderson, who turns 36 at the end of next month, said: “It was not our best performance and when you suffer a heavy defeat, there is always a lot of noise around that.
“Lots more opinions come out and say ‘this has got to be done and that has got to be done.' There is not a lot as players that we can do about that.
“If the managers and selectors think that feathers have got to be ruffled, all we do as players is concentrate on our job and train hard and when Friday comes around, be prepared to put in a better performance than last week. The outside noise is always something that is there.
“We (Anderson and Broad) have got 950 wickets and are doing the best we can for this team and trying to perform well enough to turn this team around.”
Should they lose in Leeds, England will slip to sixth in the Test rankings, but Anderson believes that there is no fundamental problem and feels that the squad for the second Test represents the ‘best 12 in the country' currently available.
What Anderson does acknowledge is that England need a catalyst to kickstart their Test form, with the onus being on the likes of himself and Broad, captain Joe Root and Jonny Bairstow to provide some special contributions.
Anderson and Broad did exactly that in England's last victory at Leeds back in 2016 with the former recording splendid match figures of 10-45 to help defeat the touring Sri Lankans by an innings and 88 runs.
The eye-catching personal haul enabled Anderson to cast aside his Headingley hoodoo, a ground where he has previously toiled, in fine fashion, with England needing similar levels of leadership and authority now.
Anderson said: “It is quite easy for the confidence of the team to take a hit when you have a defeat like the first Test. It is going to take some special individual performances this week. There is a lot of quality in the squad, not just me and Stuart and there are lots of players who can put their hand up and put in some some match-winning performances.”
Among that number is Root, who will be desperate to set an example on his home ground.
Anderson said: “When the team performs badly, one of the first people who comes in for criticism is the captain. I think he has managed it brilliantly.
“He would probably admit he is not in the best rhythm with the bat, but he showed his quality and grit the other day with the 68 he got even though he was not as fluent as he normally would be. But he has been great so far (as captain).”
NEW YORK (AP) — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year as New York topped the Houston Astros 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2. Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series, with the home team winning all seven games.
If these budding rivals meet again this year, it will be in October.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning his sixth consecutive decision. The ace right-hander, who hasn't lost since April 10 at Boston, threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for his first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2.
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for his 12th save in 13 chances. Stassi, subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann, hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer to end it.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped his third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York, including three postseason starts.
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning, and center fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton.
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2.
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius' single through a drawn-in infield that chased Keuchel. Aaron Hicks looped an RBI double off Collin McHugh later in the inning that got past a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field.
Severino retired his first 11 batters, striking out seven of his first nine, before AL MVP Jose Altuve bounced a single through a wide-open right side.
New York (35-17), which has won 17 of its last 21 at home, matched a season high at 18 games above .500. The Yankees are 14-4 against left-handed starters and have won 10 of their past 11 completed series.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Astros: Slumping SS Carlos Correa was back in the lineup after a night off, and Springer took his turn receiving a rest. Springer struck out as a pinch hitter with two on to end the seventh and stayed in the game to play center field. ... OF Derek Fisher (gastrointestinal discomfort) had a scheduled day off on his rehab assignment at Triple-A Fresno, manager AJ Hinch said. ... The team was awaiting an update on McCann (sore right knee) after he was examined by doctors in Houston.
Yankees: RHP Adam Warren, on the DL since April 21 with a back strain, threw 41 pitches over three scoreless innings in a rehab start for Double-A Trenton. He allowed one hit and struck out three. ... 1B Greg Bird was rested, leaving Gregorius as the only left-handed batter in the starting lineup against Keuchel.
UP NEXT
Astros: Return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. RHP Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game series Thursday night against LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
Yankees: An 11-game road trip that takes them to four cities, although they finish up in New York against the crosstown rival Mets at Citi Field. RHP Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98 ERA) tries to rebound from his latest disappointing start Thursday night in Baltimore. RHP Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07 ERA) goes for the last-place Orioles.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Folks in power wheelchairs may get a charge from a decision out of Barrie City Hall. Council on Monday night voted to have staff start figuring out how to install wheelchair and mobility scooter charging stations at key city-owned locations. Staff will study the feasibility of installing these devices at locations such as City Hall, the libraries, and city recreation centres, and report back in the coming weeks.
HELENA, Mont. — The Latest on the dispute over grizzly bear hunt quotas in Wyoming and Montana (all times local):
4:30 p.m.
A Wyoming Game and Fish Department official says he may have misstated that Wyoming was taking a portion of Montana's grizzly bear hunt allocation to set its own quotas.
Large carnivore section supervisor Dan Thompson says if he did so he was wrong.
Centre for Biological Diversity attorney Andrea Santarsiere says Wyoming officials told the audience in an April 12 public meeting that Montana agreed to reduce its allocation so Wyoming could set its quota using whole numbers.
Conservation groups said the claim was repeated at more than one meeting.
Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks spokesman Greg Lemon said Tuesday there was no such agreement with Wyoming, and the issue of rounding up is unaddressed in a new three-state agreement for managing grizzly bears in and around Yellowstone National Park.
Wyoming's proposed hunt sets quotas of two female and 10 male grizzlies.
——
1:09 p.m.
Conservation groups say Wyoming proposed to round up the fractional number of grizzly bears it can hunt this year after Montana officials agreed to reduce its own allocation.
Wyoming's proposed hunt sets quotas of two female and 10 male grizzlies. The state was allocated 1.45 females and 9.86 males under a formula used by Wyoming, Montana and Idaho to decide hunting quotas.
Centre for Biological Diversity attorney Andrea Santarsiere says Wyoming officials told the audience in an April 12 public meeting that Montana agreed to reduce its allocation so Wyoming could set its quota using whole numbers.
Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks spokesman Greg Lemon said Tuesday there was no such agreement with Wyoming, and the issue of rounding up is unaddressed in a new three-state agreement for managing grizzly bears in and around Yellowstone National Park.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
(AP File Photo). FILE - In this April 23, 1972 file photo, actor Robert Wagner and his former wife, actress Natalie Wood, pose at the Dorchester Hotel in London, England. Investigators are now calling Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of ...
(AP Photo/File). FILE - A Dec. 1, 1981 file photo shows actress Natalie Wood. Investigators are now calling 87-year-old actor Robert Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of his wife Natalie Wood. Mystery has swirled around Wood's death. It w...
(Photo by Todd Williamson /Invision/AP). FILE - In this Dec. 1, 2013 file photo, Robert Wagner attends The Caucus for Producers, Writers and Directors 31st Annual Awards in Beverly Hills, Calif. New witnesses have emerged in the 1981 drowning of actres...
(AP Photo/Paul J. Harrington, File). FILE - This Nov. 30, 1981 file photo shows the "Prince Valiant," the inflatable dinghy used by Natalie Wood, moored at the harbor in Avalon, Calif., after it washed up on the rocks on Santa Catalina Island. Patrolme...
By BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured for nearly four decades as the investigation has ebbed and flowed like the tides off a California island where her body was found floating on Thanksgiving weekend 1981.
Renewed interest came this week when the lead detective in the case said her widower, actor Robert Wagner, now 87, is considered a person of interest.
Here's a look at what's known about the death and the investigation over the years.
ALL ABOARD
The body of Wood, 43, was found off Catalina Island, a scenic getaway about 30 miles south of the Los Angeles-area coastline. The three-time Academy Award nominee who starred in "West Side Story" and "Rebel Without a Cause" couldn't swim. She was wearing a red down jacket and nightgown.
She had been drinking heavily aboard a yacht with her husband and with actor Christopher Walken, who was filming the thriller "Brainstorm" with Wood. The only other person aboard was the boat's captain.
Wagner, who was starring at the time in the TV drama "Hart to Hart," has denied any involvement in his wife's death, and no charges have been filed.
THEORIES FROM TWO KEY WITNESSES
Wagner wrote in a 2008 memoir that he and Walken argued that night. Walken went to bed and Wagner stayed up for a while, he wrote. When he went to bed, he noticed his wife and a rubber dinghy that had been tied to the yacht were missing.
"There are only two possibilities," Wagner wrote, "either she was trying to get away from the argument, or she was trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened."
Walken has said little publicly over the years about the incident and has offered brusque replies at times when pressed. However, he told Playboy in 1997 that he thought Wood was probably half-asleep and slipped, hit her head and fell from the dinghy.
"Anybody there saw the logistics - of the boat, the night, where we were, that it was raining - and would know exactly what happened," Walken said. "You hear about things happening to people - they slip in the bathtub, fall down the stairs, step off the curb in London because they think that the cars come the other way - and they die. You feel you want to die making an effort at something; you don't want to die in some unnecessary way."
CHANGING INVESTIGATION
Authorities initially ruled the death an accidental drowning, but that changed. They reopened the investigation in 2011 after the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, said he heard the couple arguing the night of her disappearance.
The Los Angeles coroner's office amended Wood's death certificate in 2012 to include "drowning and other undetermined factors."
The change was due in part because investigators couldn't rule out that some of the bruises and marks on Wood's body happened before she went into the water, according to the report. Wood wasn't wearing a life jacket, had no history of suicide attempts and didn't leave a note.
The report also revealed that investigators hadn't preserved Wood's fingernails to determine if she had tried to claw her way back into the dinghy. Scratch marks were found on the craft's hull.
When the case was reopened, Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina said Wagner was not a suspect.
This week, Corina told CBS News that he didn't believe Wagner had told the whole story about what happened and called him a person of interest in the case.
Initially, a sheriff's spokeswoman downplayed the report Thursday and said there was nothing new in the case. But later, the department issued a statement confirming that Wagner is a person of interest.
"Do we have enough to make an arrest at this moment? No," spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said.
WHAT WALKEN AND WAGNER TOLD INVESTIGATORS
Investigators made at least 10 attempts to interview Wagner again after reopening the investigation in 2011, including tracking him down in Colorado. But either Wagner or his lawyer refused.
Wagner's attorney, Blair Berk, issued a statement five years ago saying neither Wagner nor his daughters had any new information and blaming people for trying to exploit the 30th anniversary of Wood's death.
"Mr. Wagner has fully cooperated over the last 30 years in the investigation of the accidental drowning of his wife in 1981," Berk said at the time. "Mr. Wagner has been interviewed on multiple occasions by the Los Angeles sheriff's department and answered every single question asked of him by detectives during those interviews."
At the time, Corina said Walken gave a prepared statement and spoke to detectives for an hour.
Detectives also interviewed other actors who knew Wagner and Wood to learn more about their relationship.
NEW WITNESSES COME FORWARD
New witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that "portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night," said Nishida, the sheriff's spokeswoman.
One witness described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, she said. Shortly afterward, other witnesses heard a man and woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Wood and Wagner.
Those statements differ from the version of events originally provided by witnesses, including those who were on the boat, she said.
In the past, people on boats moored near the yacht have provided witness statements.
Wagner's publicist, Alan Nierob, declined to comment Thursday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It finally happened. I finally snapped.
After more than two months of a relatively positive attitude about following the federal Dietary Guidelines and Physical Activity Guidelines, I found myself yelling into the open refrigerator, “This sucks!”
“What's wrong?” my wife asked from the other room, understandably a bit alarmed.
“I don't know what to eat anymore!”
I closed the fridge and stomped back upstairs to my office empty-handed.
How did I get here? Let's rewind.
Accepting Your New Nutrition Rules
During month three of my quest to get my weight (and health) under control, I decided that I would start to incorporate some more rules from the Dietary Guidelines into my plan. Specifically, I wanted to start tracking my intake of saturated fat, added sugar, sodium and trans fat.
Here are the rules according to the federal Dietary Guidelines:
Consume less than 10 percent of calories per day from saturated fat. For me, that equals 250 calories, or 28 grams (250 calories/9 grams of fat per calorie = 27.7).
Consume less than 10 percent of calories per day from added sugar. For me, that equals 250 calories, or 62 grams (250 calories/4 grams of carbohydrate per calorie = 62.5).
Consume less than 2300 mg per day of sodium.
Limit the intake of trans fats to as low as possible.
(You can learn more about the importance of limiting these elements of your diet in the Executive Summary of the Dietary Guidelines.)
For me, the biggest challenge has been the sodium restriction. The Dietary Guidelines downplay the omnipresence of sodium as follows: “Sodium is found in foods across the food supply.”
Or, as I would scream into the void that is my refrigerator, “I don't know what to eat anymore!”
Big Brother Naija 2018 Finalists in adorable photo as they visit DSTV office – Information Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) AP POLL ALERT: Villanova is No. 1 in men's hoops for 5th straight week; Va. Tech enters rankings after beating Duke.
TOLEDO, Ohio — A Christian group that considers homosexuality to be immoral has bought a building that until late last year housed one of Ohio's oldest gay bars.
The Blade reports property records show the Bretz Nightclub building in Toledo was bought last month for $148,000.
The Greater Toledo House of Prayer says in a statement the previous owner had tried to sell the building for three years so it could remain open as a gay club. The group says it has no role in closing the club and bought the building because it needs more space for worship services.
The chairwoman of a non-profit group that helps runaway and homeless LGBTQ youths says she has concerns about House of Prayer's motivations for the purchase and challenges the religious organization to “embrace” it.
——
Information from: The Blade, http://www.toledoblade.com/
Why it matters to you The De-Jargonizer can help scientists communicate more clearly and helps the public better follow scientific advances.
We love science. Without it we wouldn't have smartphones, spaceships, or Rick and Morty. But every now and then, while reading up on a recent report about epigenetics or convolutional neural networks, we run into scientific slang that sends us to the dictionary. These pieces of jargon, while often useful for experts, can make the rest of us feel like outsiders.
Luckily there's now a new tool that helps scientists adapt their jargon for a broader audience. Developed by researchers at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology and Holon Institute of Technology (HIT), the aptly named De-Jargonizer is available for free online.
“Jargon has an excluding quality,” Ayelet Baram-Tsabari, a Technion professor focusing on science and public engagement, told Digital Trends. “It's like a sign telling the reader, ‘This is not really for you. You won't understand it anyway.'”
When scientists paste or upload their text into the De-Jargonizer, the system's algorithm signals words as being either common, uncommon, or jargon, by using black, orange, and red text respectively. In one example, the word “disorder” appears in black, the word “physiology” appears in orange, and “functionally recapitulate” is marked in red.
“I used to be a journalist and wrote a lot about science,” Baram-Tsabari said. “During this time I heard so many complaints from scientists about the unprofessional media, about the ignorant public, about the failing education system that are all responsible for the sorry state of science in the media. But there was only one community [that scientists thought] did not need to change anything – the scientists themselves … And I remember thinking that the only group scientists can directly influence is themselves, and they could use a little help. The De-Jargonizer could help those scientists who wish to write for the public and be understood.”
Along with color codes, the De-Jargonizer offers scores reflecting the frequency of jargon. According to the tools, this article has a score of 90, with 86 percent common words, 9 percent uncommon, and 6 percent jargon. But, to be sure, the system seems a bit too sensitive. It flagged words like “spaceships” and proper nouns as jargon.
“The main idea behind the algorithm is that the language that people use is dynamic, thus words that were considered to be jargon in the past can become familiar with time — for example, cancer and DNA,” said Elad Segev, a lecturer at HIT who also worked on the project. “Thus the algorithm has to be dynamic and to represent the language as it being used by the public. The algorithm is based on the idea that the vocabulary that people read online represents the vocabulary which they are familiar with. Thus words that do not appear, or are very rare in the digital media, can be considered jargon, and scientist should avoid them in writing for the public.”
A paper detailing the project was published last week in the journal Plos One.
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Following a 15-year tenure as president and CEO, Linda Rosenberg said today she will be leaving the National Council for Behavioral Health in August 2019. She made the announcement during an address to National Council members attending NatCon18, the organization's annual conference.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005321/en/
Linda Rosenberg, president and CEO, National Council for Behavioral Health (Photo: Business Wire)
Rosenberg led the association during a period of extensive growth and rebranding. Under her leadership the National Council has become a powerful policy and advocacy voice for behavioral health, helping secure passage of the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act, expanding integrated behavioral and primary care services and leading the support for the Mental Health and Addiction Treatment Excellence Act resulting in a network of Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics.
During Rosenberg's tenure, the National Council became a highly valued provider of technical assistance, driving organizational, clinical and workforce improvements. Membership tripled to more than 2,900 organizations; NatCon, the National Council's annual conference, grew fourfold, becoming behavioral health's premier conference; and Mental Health First Aid was introduced in the U.S.
“Linda Rosenberg has taken the National Council to unimagined heights,” said Jeff Richardson, National Council Board chair. “She helped propel behavioral health to the forefront of the health care agenda and introduced a number of initiatives that improved our members' ability to provide quality, accessible mental health and addictions services. Her visionary leadership sets the tone for the Council going forward.”
“It has been the privilege of a lifetime to serve the National Council,” Rosenberg said. “I leave behind member organizations devoted to the health of their communities and an extraordinary staff. Together we have accomplished many things, and I'm deeply proud of the progress we've made. Now it's time for the next leader to take the National Council to new heights,” Rosenberg continued.
“I'm leaving but my passion for improving the lives of those affected by mental and addictive disorders hasn't dimmed. I look forward to new opportunities to contribute. I've been an activist my entire life — and that won't stop anytime soon.”
The National Council Board of Directors has engaged Korn Ferry, an executive recruitment firm, to conduct a nationwide search that will begin in September 2018.
The National Council for Behavioral Health is the unifying voice of America's health care organizations that deliver mental health and addictions treatment and services. Together with our 2,900 member organizations serving over 10 million adults, children and families living with mental illnesses and addictions, the National Council is committed to all Americans having access to comprehensive, high-quality care that affords every opportunity for recovery. The National Council introduced Mental Health First Aid USA and more than 1 million Americans have been trained.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005321/en/
CONTACT: Aaron Cohen, 301-633-6773
aaroncohenpr@gmail.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MARYLAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH MENTAL HEALTH GENERAL HEALTH MANAGED CARE
SOURCE: The National Council for Behavioral Health
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:15 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:15 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005321/en
STILLWATER, Okla. — Jeffrey Carroll scored 26 points, tying a career-high with five 3-pointers, and Kendall Smith added 19 points to help Oklahoma State beat Stanford 71-65 on Monday night in a second-round game of the NIT.
Oklahoma State (21-14) outscored Stanford 29-18 in the fourth quarter to secure a school-record-tying 15th home victory this season. The Cowboys trailed 54-53 before Carroll scored five points during a 12-1 run for the only double-digit lead of the second half.
Mitchell Solomon chipped in with 10 points for the Cowboys, who won a second straight NIT game for the first time in school history in front of a crowd of 9,635. Carroll scored 11 points in the first half as Oklahoma State led 30-29 after assisting on eight of its 12 baskets.
Michael Humphrey scored 15 points and grabbed 20 rebounds for his seventh double-double of the season for Stanford (19-16). Reid Travis added 10 points and 11 rebounds and Dorian Pickens, averaging 14.7 points, was just 3-of-13 shooting for 11 points.
——–
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
HOUSTON - The National Weather Service in League City has issued a
* Flash Flood Warning for...
South central Harris County in southeastern Texas...
* Until noon CDT.
* At 1004 AM CDT, Doppler radar indicated thunderstorms producing
very heavy rain across the warned area. Flash flooding is expected
to begin shortly.
* Some locations that will experience flooding include...
Northern Missouri City, Bellaire, West University Place, Galena
Park, Jacinto City, Hunters Creek Village, Bunker Hill Village,
Piney Point Village, Midtown Houston, Downtown Houston, Greenway /
Upper Kirby Area, Second Ward, Greater Heights, Neartown /
Montrose, Greater Eastwood, Near Northside Houston, Greater Fifth
Ward, Memorial Park, Greater Third Ward and Fourth Ward.
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS...
Turn around, don`t drown when encountering flooded roads. Most flood
deaths occur in vehicles.
Excessive runoff from heavy rainfall will cause flooding of small
creeks and streams, urban areas, highways, streets and underpasses as
well as other drainage areas and low lying spots.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
NEW YORK — Whitney Houston's mother had no clue about allegations that her son and superstar daughter were molested as children until the making of the new documentary “Whitney,” says the film's executive producer.
Patricia Houston, the sister-in-law of Whitney, is responsible for getting the film, out Friday, to screen. Directed by Kevin Macdonald, “Whitney” paints an intimate portrait of the Grammy-winning pop queen and movie star through interviews with her brothers, her mother, friends, and behind-the-scenes footage. Houston's regal image over the decades was eroded by erratic behaviour due to her drug use; she died in 2012, on the eve of the Grammys, after being discovered unresponsive in a hotel bathtub. She was 48.
It's the second documentary on Houston: “Whitney: Can I Be Me” was released earlier this year.
Patricia Houston, wife of Gary Garland-Houston, said it was difficult making “Whitney” because it hit so close to home — and because she was the one who had to tell Cissy Houston not only that there were abuse allegations, but they would be in the film.
“It was deeply a revelation for her. You think about her, and it being a bit overbearing for her to hear — and her kids not telling her. That's pretty tough to have to deal with,” said Houston.
Dee Dee Warwick, the niece of Cissy Houston and sister to Dionne Warwick, was the alleged abuser. The alleged incidents took place when Gary and Whitney were between the ages of 7 and 9 and Cissy was touring. Warwick, who was 18 years older than Whitney Houston, died in 2008.
The documentary suggests that the sexual abuse endured by the children was a significant contributor to their struggles with drugs as adults.
“I don't think you can explain anyone's life from one particular event that's happened to them. But I think that it's certainly fair to say that it's maybe, in my opinion, the major contributor to Whitney's unhappiness,” MacDonald said. “That and the fact that she never talked about it, and that nobody in the family talked about this and clearly it happened as you'd learned in the film.”
MacDonald says the secrets in Houston's life took their toll on the Grammy-winning singer. He cites a clip in the film shot in the mid-2000s that shows her in conflict.
“I think there's an amazing piece of home movie footage in the film, which was from the early 2000s where Whitney is sort of really looking despairing. … she's talking to herself, really going, ‘Nippy calling Whitney. Whitney calling Nippy.' And Nippy was her sort of nickname that everybody close to her knew her as Nippy. And Nippy was the real her, as it were, the intimate her. Whitney was the persona,” Macdonald said.
“I think what you see in that home movie clip is this confusion that she has. I think it got progressively worse as she got older. The confusion between what's the real me, and what's not the real me. And obviously, the drugs didn't help with that,” Macdonald said.
PITTSBURGH — The Pittsburgh Steelers are ditching their “bumble bee” throwback uniforms for something with a more 1970s feel.
The team announced Wednesday it will wear replica jerseys of the 1978 and 1979 clubs that won back-to-back Super Bowls when the Steelers host the Cleveland Browns on Oct. 28. Team president Art Rooney II said the choice of using the '78-79 jersey was fitting. The franchise will spend the next two seasons honouring the 40th anniversary of the teams that pushed Pittsburgh's Super Bowl total during the 1970s to four.
The move means the Steelers are ending the use of their 1933 throwbacks that featured black-and-gold horizontal stripes that made the team resemble a pack of bees.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Daniel Ricciardo set the Bahrain in-season Formula 1 test pace on the opening morning, as Red Bull focused on trying to extract more single-lap speed from its car...
Share
A GoPro is perfect for capturing all of your outdoor adventures, but between the slopes and the swells, when you may not expressly need an action camera, you can still use it to capture some stunning footage. The time-lapse function built into Hero5 and Hero6 Black cameras can turn anything from your morning commute to an epic sunrise into a video worth watching. While it's fairly easy to get it going, there are a few variables that affect the outcome and image quality.
When using the Time Lapse Video mode on your GoPro, the action cam will automatically capture still images at certain intervals which you define. When finished recording, the GoPro will automatically stitch the photos together to make a seamless video that warps through time without the need of complicated post-production software. Do note, this mode is different from Time Lapse Photo mode, which captures the still images but doesn't stitch them together (this is the mode to choose if you prefer having more control in post-production).
Many of the same settings apply, but for the sake of brevity, we'll be focusing on only Time Lapse Video mode within this article. It's as simple as it gets, but you should pay attention to two key aspects: Video resolution and photo intervals.
Resolution and intervals
The exact resolution options available for Time Lapse Video mode vary from one GoPro model to the next, but the current Hero5 and Hero6 models offer 1080p, 2.7K, and 4K (as does the discontinued Hero4 Black).
The default shooting interval is one photo every half second, but you can also choose 1-, 2-, 5-, 10-, 30-, and 60-second intervals. The higher the interval you choose, the more condensed the time-lapse will be. If you plan to record a long period of time, like an hour of the sun rising or setting, a longer interval is probably best, so that you don't end up with a video that is too long. Likewise, a shorter interval will be better for shorter activities.
In time-lapse mode, it takes 30 still images to result in one second of video since the resulting MP4 file plays back at 30 frames per second. So, if you select 5 seconds, it will take 150 seconds to capture just one second of final video.
Configuring Time Lapse Video mode
To get into Time Lapse Video mode on either the Hero5 or Hero6 Black — without the use of GoPro's accompanying mobile app — there are a few steps you need to take. Power on the camera and tap anywhere on the touch screen to bring up the control overlays. Tap the shooting mode button near the bottom left of the screen. Next, tap the clock icon in the upper right. This will bring up the time-lapse mode options. Select Time Lapse Video.
You should now see options for resolution, interval, and field of view. Tap INTR, and all the available intervals will be listed in two rows at the top and bottom of the screen. The selected interval will be displayed in large text right in the center. Tap any other interval to select it. Selecting a resolution and field of view will be similar. When all of your settings dialed in, tap the screen to return to live view and press the shutter button to start your time lapse when you're ready.
On the Hero4 Black, which lacks a built-in monitor, you have to rely on the small information display on the front of the camera. Press the power/mode button to cycle through the different modes until you land on time-lapse and press the settings button on the side of the camera to select it. This will bring up the time-lapse options, including resolution and interval. Use the power/mode button to cycle through the list of options, and the shutter button to change them.
If you have GoPro's accompanying smartphone app, you can control all of these settings through the app, which is much more straightforward. It's available on both Android and iOS.
Other tips
Remember, in Time Lapse Video mode, your camera will only store the final MP4 video, not the individual stills captured. If you want to save the individual stills, select Time Lapse Photo mode. This won't automatically stitch a video for you, but it will give you more control in post-production, where you can zoom and pan around the 12MP photos to add motion to your time-lapse video.
Also, as with any video, it's helpful to record a little more than you think you'll need. You never know when you'll need a little more footage or need to trim the beginning and end for an intro. With a time-lapse, however, getting “a little more than you'll need” may translate to quite a few minutes of extra recording time, depending on your interval, so it is best if you can plan your shot ahead of time and know exactly how much footage you'll need.
Veteran broadcaster Tony Blackburn has returned to the BBC after being dismissed for ten months over evidence he gave in the Jimmy Savile inquiry.
Blackburn made his comeback with a Radio 2 show on New Year's Eve which opened with Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive.
The 73-year-old said of his return: "It's New Year's Eve, it's BBC Radio 2 and what do you know? Good Lord, I'm back.”
To listeners wondering where he'd been, he said: “I went for a long walk and got lost. Somebody found me yesterday."
Blackburn, who had broadcast on the BBC for almost 50 years, was taken off air in February after giving evidence to the Savile inquiry. Blackburn said the inquiry had claimed he was interviewed about a girl's diary by a senior BBC executive and a senior lawyer – but he insisted he was never interviewed by either.
BBC director-general Tony Hall said at the time that the decision to remove Blackburn was made purely on the basis of the evidence he gave, not in relation to events in the past.
"I'm making no judgement about what happened in the past. I'm making a judgement about how someone has engaged with a seriously important inquiry,” said Hall. “I'm making a judgement about the standards of behaviour I expect from everybody working at the BBC now."
In a statement made in October, announcing his return, the BBC said both it and Blackburn stood by their statements but Blackburn had "recognised that the BBC considered a period off-air was appropriate".
In the same statement, Blackburn said: "I do not seek to criticise the BBC for decisions it has made in the past.
"I have had a difficult year personally, but I'm pleased to be returning to the BBC and can't wait to get behind the mic again."
Blackburn will present an hour-long Radio 2 show at 7pm on Fridays, starting later in January.
The Crewcab Chevelle has been on a long hiatus from Roadkill Garage. The last time it appeared was in episode 9 where, after much debate, it won an autocross against Hot Rod Garage. In this episode, Freiburger and Dulcich resurrect the car from the farm, add some homemade aerodynamic trickery and safety upgrades, and get it ready to run a standing mile. Watch as Dulcich takes the helm of the Crewcab Chevelle in episode 25 of Roadkill Garage, and drives it as fast as it'll go. Check it out Thursday, December 14 on Motor Trend On Demand.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson expects to be back by training camp after tearing his Achilles tendon late last year and missing the end of the regular season and playoffs.
The four-time Pro Bowl linebacker ruptured his right Achilles tendon in a game against Oakland. It was the opposite tendon from the one he tore in 2014, missing almost the entire season.
Johnson said that rehab has been going well and he expects to be “100 percent” when the Chiefs convene at Missouri Western for training camp in late July. But he doesn't want to put a date on his return, and it's possible he'll miss the entire offseason program that began Monday.
“My Achilles feels similar to last time,” he said. “But I know the process this time, so mentally that part has been easier. I'm in a good spot now, the last couple months of it.”
Johnson signed a three-year, $21 million contract prior to last season but agreed to rework the deal this offseason to give the Chiefs some much-needed salary cap space. But the 34-year-old is still signed through next season, and he has every intention of playing out the deal.
gallery: View from the sidelines: NFL cheerleaders 2016
His performance last season certainly wasn't diminished. He made 90 tackles and returned a pick for a touchdown despite playing only parts of 13 games before his injury.
Chiefs coach Andy Reid was even more optimistic than Johnson, saying there is a chance he could participate in some work when the team holds its mandatory mini-camp in mid-June.
“I wouldn't hold anything against him. He's pretty unique that way,” Reid said. “He's been through this once before. Some of that, he knows how to rehab, the pace you go. The first time, you think you might break the thing or reinjure it, so he knows you push it pretty hard.”
In other injury news, Reid said defensive end Allen Bailey is almost ready to go after landing on injured reserve with a shoulder injury in October, and fellow defensive lineman Jaye Howard has been rehabbing in Florida after having surgery on his hip.
Offensive lineman Parker Ehinger is still rehabbing after surgery last fall on his right knee, linebacker Dadi Nicolas is likewise working back from a knee injury, and backup running back Darrin Reaves had sports hernia surgery recently.
Reid declined to say how many players showed up for the first day of voluntary workouts — “That puts their names out there,” he said — but he did acknowledge most players were in attendance.
Players will mostly work out and spend time in the classroom until OTAs begin May 23.
“I think we all came back saying we want more,” said Reid, whose team won the AFC West but was bounced by Pittsburgh in the divisional round of the playoffs. “So that's where everybody is at. They understand that expectations are high. They want that and they wouldn't expect anything less.”
SHERBROOKE, Que. — Jeremy McKenna scored a hat trick and added an assist as the Moncton Wildcats downed the Sherbrooke Phoenix 5-3 on Friday night in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League action.
Jonathan Aspirot and Mika Cyr also chipped in for the Wildcats (5-1-0).
Felix Robert, Mathieu Olivier and Hugo Roy had goals for Sherbrooke (2-2-2).
Mark Grametbauer stopped 36 shots for Moncton. Evan Fitzpatrick turned aside 31 shots for the Phoenix.
Moncton was scoreless on four power plays and the Phoenix went 1 for 5.
—
ARMADA 5 TITAN 4 (OT)
BATHURST, N.B. — Antoine Crete-Belzile forced extra time with a third-period goal and then added the overtime winner to lift Blainville-Boisbriand past the Titan 5-4.
Michael Kemp, Anthony Poulin and Joel Teasdale also scored for the Armada (3-1-0). Francis Leclerc turned away 33 shots in net.
Dawson Theede, Keenan MacIsaac, Logan Chisholm and Felix Meunier had goals for Acadie-Bathurst (2-2-3). Reilly Pickard made 17 saves.
Blainville-Boisbriand's Alex Barre-Boulet was given a major penalty and game misconduct for checking from behind at 10:45 of the second period.
—
REMPARTS 3 MOOSEHEADS 2 (OT)
HALIFAX — Jesse Sutton scored the overtime winner as Quebec topped the Mooseheads
Olivier Mathieu and Louis-Filip Cote also scored for the Remparts (5-0-0).
Filip Zadina and Maxime Fortier found the back of the net for Halifax (4-1-1).
Dereck Baribeau made 31 saves for Quebec. Blade Mann-Dixon turned away 22 shots for the Mooseheads.
—
SEA DOGS 4 ISLANDERS 0
CHARLOTTETOWN — Cody Porter stopped all 28 shots he faced as Saint John shut out the Islanders.
Ostap Safin struck twice with Kevin Gursoy and Daniel Hardie also chipping in for the Sea Dogs (3-3-1).
Dakota Lund-Cornish stopped 29 shots for Charlottetown (1-5-0).
—
SAGUENEENS 4 TIGRES 0
CHICOUTIMI, Que. — Zachary Bouthillier stopped 29 shots and Felix-Antoine Marcotty scored twice as the Sagueneens blanked Victoriaville.
Vladislav Kotkov supplied the game winning goal for Chicoutimi (1-3-1) at 10:18 of the first period and Jeremy Fortin had the other.
Tristan Cote-Cazenave made 29 saves for the Tigres (4-1-0).
—
OLYMPIQUES 7 CATARACTES 1
GATINEAU, Que. — Shawn Boudrias had two goals and two assists to lead the Olympiques past Shawinigan.
Mitchell Balmas, Mikhail Shestopalov, Vitalii Abramov, Gabriel Bilodeau and Will Thompson rounded out the attack for Gatineau (2-1-1).
Antoine Demers replied for the Cataractes (0-5-1).
Mathieu Bellemare turned aside 40 shots for the Olympiques. Mikhail Denisov combined with Mikhail Denisov for 22 saves for Shawinigan.
—
DRAKKAR 3 HUSKIES 2 (SO)
ROUYN-NORANDA, Que. — Ivan Chekhovich scored the only goal in the shootout as Baie-Comeau got past the Huskies.
Gabriel Fortier and Jordan Martel had goals in regulation for the Drakkar (3-3-0). Antoine Samuel made 40 saves for the win in net.
Mathieu Boucher and William Cyr found the back of the net for Rouyn-Noranda (4-1-1). Samuel Harvey turned aside 25 shots.
CLOSE The Iowa wrestling coach talks about what to expect from his lineup this weekend.
Buy Photo Phillip Laux, 133-pounder, poses for photos during the University of Iowa wrestling media day Wednesday, Nov. 8, 2017, in Iowa City, Iowa. (Photo: Rodney White/The Register)Buy Photo
After this weekend's duals, the Iowa wrestling team remains undefeated against the Big Ten's newest members.
The 10th-ranked Hawkeyes completed a weekend sweep with a 40-6 win over Maryland on Sunday in College Park, which extended their road conference dual winning streak to 24. The lopsided affair came just two days after Iowa came back to defeat No. 9 Rutgers in Piscataway, New Jersey, on Friday night.
And the matchup against the Terrapins (3-4, 0-4 Big Ten) was as lopsided as the score suggests. Iowa (7-0, 3-0) took nine of 10 bouts and racked up 36 combined takedowns while holding Maryland to just two. The Hawkeyes scored bonus points in six matches: two pins, three technical falls and a major.
The only disappointment, perhaps, was in how the Terrapins came into its six team points. Iowa forfeited the highly-anticipated bout at heavyweight, which was set to feature Maryland's Youssif Hermida, ranked 7th at the weight by Trackwrestling, against Sam Stoll, who's ranked 18th.
“That's not popular with the fans, I'm sure,” Iowa coach Tom Brands said afterward. “It's just one of those things where you have to do the right thing. It's December.”
MORE IOWA WRESTLING
Without the Stoll-Hermida bout, the dual was highlighted by Carter Happel's 8-7 victory over Maryland's Ryan Diehl at 141. It was a welcomed bounce-back victory for Happel, who wrestled both duals this weekend and lost a competitive 3-2 bout to Rutgers' Michael Van Brill on Friday.
“The thing that's going to make these guys a part of this team is, are you going to perform?” Brands said after Friday's dual. “It's not even about winning — it's about wrestling the entire match.
“If you have an opportunity, go get it … seize the moment. Seize the day.”
Vince Turk was Iowa's guy at 141 earlier this year after winning the weight during the team's wrestle-offs in November, but went 3-2 to begin the season. As such, Brands gave Happel a chance to see what he could do this weekend.
A four-time state champ from Lisbon who redshirted last year, Happel continually attacked and rode hard against Diehl, who's ranked 15th at 141 by Trackwrestling. Happel overcame an early takedown and a wild second period — which went: Happel escape, takedown, Diehl escape, takedown, Happel reversal, Diehl escape — to score a takedown late in the third to win thanks to a riding-time point.
“I felt good in the first and second period with my ties and stuff,” Happel said afterward. “He's kind of a funky wrestler, but in the third period, I knew I could get to my high-crotch or my single or something because I could feel him gassing. Like Tom was saying, 'Seven minutes hard.'
“Coming off the tight match on Friday — my first loss — just building from that... Kind of the same situation here. I was down late in the match and was able to pull it out.”
Buy Photo Dike-New Hartford's Trent Johnson (left) wrestles Lisbon's Carter Happel Saturday, Feb. 20, 2016 during the class 1A state wrestling tournament finals in Des Moines. (Photo: Michael Zamora/The Register)
The rest of the dual wasn't nearly as exciting. Justin Stickley used a reversal and riding time to win, 3-0, at 125. Phillip Laux got the call at 133 after Paul Glynn got the nod against Rutgers. Laux scored four takedowns and some late back points to secure a 13-3 major decision over Jhared Simmons.
“Just wrestling every position today, the whole time,” Laux said afterward. “That was my main focus today — next position; next position. That's what coaches talk about all the time — 'No matter what happens, just wrestle the next position.' I just went out there and tried to score points.”
The big points came quickly after Happel's win: Brandon Sorensen, first-period pin at 149; Michael Kemerer, 26-10 tech at 157; Alex Marinelli, first-period pin at 165; Mitch Bowman, 20-5 tech at 184; and Cash Wilcke, 19-3 tech at 197. Sandwiched between them all was a Joey Gunther victory at 174, a workmanlike 3-1 decision over Josh Ulgade.
Iowa will now have a couple of weeks to prepare for the Midlands Championships, set for Dec. 29-30 in Hoffman Estates, Illinois.
Cody Goodwin covers wrestling and high school sports for the Des Moines Register. Follow him on Twitter at @codygoodwin.
No. 10 Iowa 40, Maryland 6:
125: Justin Stickley (I) dec. Brandon Cray (M), 3-0; 3-0
133: Phillip Laux (I) major dec. Jhared Simmons (M), 13-3; 7-0
141: Carter Happel (I) dec. Ryan Diehl (M), 8-7; 10-0
149: Brandon Sorensen (I) pinned Peter Dedesco (M), 1:20; 16-0
157: Michael Kemerer (I) tech. fall Justin Alexander (M), 26-10; 21-0
165: Alex Marinelli (I) pinned Brendan Burnham (M), 2:41; 27-0
174: Joey Gunther (I) dec. Josh Ugalde (M), 3-1; 30-0
184: Mitch Bowman (I) tech. fall Spencer Woods (M), 20-5; 35-0
197: Cash Wilcke (I) tech. fall Niko Caappello (M), 19-4; 40-0
285: Yousif Hemida (M) win by forfeit; 40-6
Research from TupuToa, a Māori and Pacific youth internship programme based in Auckland, shows that only 17% of New Zealand's top 60 firms have an executive who identifies themselves as other than European/Pākehā. Te Kāea spoke with a graduate of the TupuToa programme who is changing the face of the IT industry in Aotearoa.
From Ōtara to the corporate tech industry, young Māori IT professional Timoti Wharewaka is a game changer.
He says, "I like to act as a role model for my own community in Ōtara and my family because I know that we have the power to do it all it takes is hard work and a lot of mahi."
Following an internship opportunity through TupuToa, he's just secured a permanent position New Zealand-based technology company Accenture as an Application Support Associate.
Wharewaka says, “For me stepping into a place like that and understanding the importance of my culture and how I can really add value to this organisation to help solve their problems it's really something I've tried to embrace.”
Accenture began a partnership with Auckland-based TupaToa in 2017, an investment partnership between organisations, interns, tertiary institutions, whānau and Māori and Pasifika communities. Wharewaka is one who is making the most of this opportunity.
“Being able to connect with other young Māori and Pacifica students, sharing dreams and aspirations to better our people and get into these corporate organisations it's really something that we can really achieve,” says Wharewaka.
Accenture says employing young Māori or Pasifika encourages diversity of thought and sees it as a major driver of business growth.
Head of Cloud First at Accenture NZ, Daniel Lund says, “By bringing on these grads as interns into our organisation we're helping to solve our client problems with that unique thought and thinking that's coming from New Zealand.”
Mr Wharewaka hopes to be one day set up his own company to give back to his community.
Questions about the social news aggregation site Reddit going public have been swirling for years — but the move seems more definite than ever, after CEO Steve Huffman saidit could happen by 2020. Now the questions is: What does the company need to do to get IPO-ready?
Reddit, which declined to comment to NBC News, is clearly prized by some major investors. It scooped up $200 million earlier this year, reaching a valuation of $1.8 billion, and is beloved by users: Analytics service Alexa rated it as the eighth-most popular site in the world. Plus, it's shown it can stand the test of time, at least by internet standards, having been around since 2005. But the bare-bones site has always been a bit of an outlier, and it's been a hotbed for controversies (like the 2014 celebrity photo hack, six months after which Reddit enforced its photo sharing guidelines).
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Internet Speak: What is a Reddit AMA? 0:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The 'front page of the internet'
The site's user-driven, niche feel is exactly what makes Reddit so appealing to so many people. It's been slow to roll out a mobile strategy and still fosters an old-school, text-based vibe you may have recognized from 2005, which makes it feel almost like the secret basement of the world wide web.
“The culture of the site, even as they have scaled their user base, remains offbeat, quirky, and anti-establishment,” said Daniel Gulati, a partner at Comcast Ventures. “It's almost entirely user controlled, including on the user acquisition front. Anyone can start a subreddit and build their own community. To date there has been very little company-driven moderation of content (in contrast to what's happening over at Facebook now).”
Community first, money later
Reddit has a couple of key methods of monetization including Reddit Gold, a subscription service to allow users special access. It also has sponsored posts. But Brad Hines, a startup adviser, investor, and personal finance writer, opines that Reddit hasn't wanted to risk losing its “cool factor,” and as such has remained “focused on continuing to stoke brand loyalty, and roll out methods of revenue slowly.”
“Reddit's monetization is still well below where it would be needed to achieve a spectacular IPO," which is what would be expected of one of the most popular sites in the world, Richard Beale of Mindshare North America told NBC News. “As this improves with their new ad products and redesign, you can expect the conversations around an IPO to become more serious.”
A crucial pain point around monetization, as Greg Portell, lead partner in the consumer and retail practice of A.T. Kearney, sees it, is in the community aspect. That may seem ridiculous in considering that Reddit is all about community, but it's really more like a collection of very disparate communities. This presents a challenge for advertisers.
“How can Reddit create stickiness among their users, when everyone has a different view?” asks Portell. “You and I may overlap on 20 percent of our content, but 80 percent is going in different directions. It's just not a very developed revenue model. Honestly, I just don't think they have tried to monetize their audience to the greatest extent.”
Safe for free thinkers — but what about shareholders?
“Reddit can count big numbers in users — but that doesn't mean it's conducive to brand advertisers, which is generally a key monetization metric,” Chris Cunningham, CRO at Unacast and founder of C2 Ventures, told NBC News. “In addition, advertisers like safe and predictable content and Reddit is not that, which puts its ad business at risk.”
Would Reddit have to part with its user loyalty in order to please its shareholders? If so, that would pretty much defeat the whole venture of going public.
“If Reddit goes public, will its growth stop?” said David Mawhinney, associate teaching professor of entrepreneurship at Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business. “It's a worthy debate, but it's not fair to frame it as an either/or situation. As long as Reddit has a quality product, it will keep growing. And that [$200 million in] funding probably wouldn't have come in if they weren't expected to keep growing.”
There's also the idea that seasoned investors are often looking to diversify their portfolio with younger companies. Reddit stock could be the perfect opportunity.
“After a while, investors tire of investing in Apple or Netflix or Amazon because they fear their best growth days are behind,” said Mark Hamrick, senior economic analyst at Bankrate.com. “They're asking, ‘What will the next growth story be?' That's where a company like Reddit could come into play. And plenty of [shareholders] want to get into the ground level of a good story.”
But still, Reddit will have to make some concessions — or at least, more modifications.
“Implementing greater brand safety controls for users and brands alike whilst accelerating their shift to mobile-first would be two key initiatives for Reddit pre-IPO to mitigate the risk of undesirable headlines and subsequently shareholder shakes,” said Beale.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pregnant Serena Williams asks Reddit when to pack a hospital bag 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Reddit's goldmine of data
Reddit may not have the strongest monetization game (yet), nor the slickest, cleanest platform, and it may be all over the place with its users in a way that seems to counter the cohesiveness that advertisers desire when targeting consumers. But Reddit also has a very precious ball in its court: data. So much data.
“What Reddit can do to really differentiate themselves is figured out what unique elements of people's behavior they identify from their datasets that other competitors can't,” said Portell. “That's really the cornerstone to getting them out of selling eyeballs. Digital advertising is very simple and there's no scarcity of it, but if Reddit can say to brands ‘We can show you this type of person in this phase of the purchasing funnel and make them more likely to convert,' then that becomes something differentiating. Facebook and Google are pretty close to doing this, so Reddit needs to come up with something unique.”
Something's gotta happen
It's true that Reddit could still bail on an IPO, especially if there's a bad turn in the stock market. It could even sell to a bigger company, though that seems unlikely. Or perhaps it could simply decide against dealing with all the invasive pressures of going public.
“You could generate income until the cows come home as a private company and not be bothered by the regularity and exposure that comes with being public,” said Professor David Brophy, director of the University of Michigan's Center for Venture Capital and Private Equity. “That's the biggest argument for staying private.”
It's not a bad argument. Alas, it's not so simple. Though currently private, Reddit has a lot of investors counting on it — and watching the company like hawks. Some kind of liquidity move may be necessary in the near future.
“All these people have put something in and at some point Reddit has to return on that investment,” said Portell. “The most certain way to get that ROI is with an IPO.”
However, Reddit doesn't want to end up like Zynga, the video game developer that went prancing to its IPO only to get candy-crushed.
“Zynga was a shooting star, went public, then its growth rate stopped because it didn't have the next hit game,” said Mawhinney. “It's not that the company will die, but it can be crippling in that they can't ever get their mojo back. People are asking whether Snapchat can rebound. Even Twitter struggled, though to a lesser degree. Reddit has teams both internally and externally asking, ‘How do we avoid that?'”
Sounds like we've got a few years to find out — and in the meantime, we're sure to see plenty of innovations come Reddit's way. Hopefully, its devout users, aka redditors, won't take offense — or if they do, they won't stay away for long.
“When Facebook introduced its News Feed everyone hated it, so without a doubt whatever [Reddit does], a segment of users will be upset,” said Gulati. “News Feed was [detested at first], but now no user can imagine Facebook without it, and it added great utility to the experience.”
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
It is going to happen, eventually. Some day, somewhere in this country, at some level of government, the monopoly will be broken, and the debate will have changed forever.
The monopoly to which I refer is the system by which we elect members of Parliament, the provincial legislatures, and city councils: single-member*, plurality-wins voting, or as it is popularly known, “first past the post.” And not only them — mayors, school boards, the works. Canada is one of the few countries that still uses first past the post, but it is the only one that only uses first past the post, universally and exclusively.
As it is the only system most of us have ever known, so it is the only system most of us can even imagine. Proponents of alternative models, notably proportional representation, are in consequence presented as if they were asking people to take a risky leap into the unknown, and not to adopt a system already in use in dozens of countries around the world. Opponents of reform, meanwhile, have had free rein to make the wildest claims about how PR systems work and what their effects are, undeterred by mere fact.
But that won't be true forever, or perhaps for long. Justin Trudeau may have put the issue on ice at the federal level, having quite spectacularly reneged on his 2015 campaign promise to make that the last election to be held under first past the post. But elsewhere change is very much in the air.
Ontario has passed legislation allowing the province's municipalities, if they choose, to use ranked ballots for their elections: earlier this year, London became the first to take them up on it, while Kingston will hold a referendum on the idea in 2018. This isn't proportional representation: it's still one member per district, winner-take-all, rather than the sharing of representation among several members on which PR is based. But it's something other than the status quo.
Prince Edward Island, meanwhile, voted in a 2016 referendum to switch from first past the post to a hybrid system known as mixed-member proportional. Turnout, however, was “only” 36 per cent — as high as for most municipal elections in this country — on the basis of which Premier Wade MacLauchlan has ordered a do-over, to coincide with the next provincial election in 2019.
And now British Columbia. Readers will recall that B.C., too, voted by a majority to switch to a form of PR (known as the single transferable vote, or STV) in the 2005 referendum: nearly 58 per cent, in fact, including a majority in 77 of the province's 79 ridings. But the rules, unusually, stipulated a 60 per cent threshold. In the rematch four years later, the same proposal obtained just 39 per cent.
With the coming to power of the NDP, however, the issue is back on the table: both the NDP and the Green Party, on whose support it depends, had made proportional representation part of their election platforms. Refreshingly, the government may even keep its promise — I take nothing for granted — with a referendum now scheduled for November of next year. Unlike the two previous referendums, a majority of 50 per cent plus one will be sufficient. Another key difference: this time the government will be campaigning in favour of reform.
That still leaves much to be decided: how many questions to ask and what kind; what sort of reform proposals to put on the ballot, and how many; and so forth.
Should they follow the model of New Zealand in 1992, for example, and ask voters two questions: do you want to replace first past the post, and if so, with what? I do not see how this is helpful. It's more or less the Trudeau approach, albeit without the interposition of an election between the two. But it's still odd to ask people whether they would like to change systems in the abstract, without knowing what they were changing to: some systems might be preferred to the status quo, some might not.
At the same time, it is not obvious why first past the post should be given, in effect, a bye into the finals, the default option in the event a proposed reform fails, as in past referendums. Maybe that particular proposal did not obtain the required level of support, but another might have; it seems odd, again, to simply assume that first past the post would be in people's top two.
Both considerations argue strongly in favour of a single referendum question, but with several (ie more than two) options, of which first past the post would be just one. That would require that the referendum itself be conducted on something other than first past the post lines — a ranked ballot, perhaps — to ensure the 50 per cent plus one test was met.
This is essentially the model on which the P.E.I. vote was held — while avoiding, one hopes, some of the pitfalls of that exercise. P.E.I. put fully five options on the ballot, a couple of which were decidedly eccentric. Most of the discussion in Canada over the years has centred on some form of either mixed-member proportional or the single transferable vote. Perhaps one other system might be included. But no more.
B.C., P.E.I., London, Kingston: change is coming, somewhere, somehow, and soon. And when the sky does not fall, when the Nazis do not take over, when we do not turn into Israel or Italy — then at last maybe we can have a proper national debate.
* Some cities, like Vancouver, elect members at large, but otherwise the system is the same.
England has no chance in the Six Nations rugby championship. None whatsoever. Don't take my word for it: that comes from England head coach Eddie Jones. Though it's juuust possible Eddie is teasing.
Advertisement
“If you read the papers, then we might as well not turn up,” he said at the media launch. “I don't know why we're having this press conference.” You'll gather that Jones enjoys a spot of verbal ping-pong. He likes to keep you on the hop: whether you're in the media, the opposition, or the England team itself.
He is something of a Jose Mourinho figure in his self-regard, but with an Australian accent and a taste for such unMourinho-like things as irony, humour, self-deprecation and proportion. As we prepare for the Six Nations the coaches will dominate the agenda, until we have some actual rugby.
The thinking money is on Ireland. Their coach, Joe Schmidt, is a New Zealander – less fun than Jones in a press conference, and believes in straightforward, effective rugby. Ireland have always liked to play an uncomplicated game with passion and commitment.
Jones's only defeat as England coach since he took on the job in 2015 was against Ireland, in Dublin last year. It meant that England failed to win a Grand Slam – five matches, five victories – but they still won the championship.
The problem with modern rugby is that the players are too good. Good in the sense that they are immensely effective at causing each other physical damage. Players are now bigger, fitter, faster and stronger: the collisions are inevitably more fearsome. And so are the injuries. England goes into the championship with 13 players unavailable through injury or suspension, mostly as a result of playing for their clubs. Ireland have no such problems, because their core players are on central contracts.
Hence Jones's spikiness: it followed questions about Schmidt and Ireland. “If I say they've got an advantage, I'm saying we've got an excuse,” Jones said. Meaning, the minute England get Irish-envy, they've as good as lost: it's basic coaching psychology. That doesn't mean Ireland don't have an advantage. It just means that England are refusing to acknowledge it.
Wales coach Warren Gatland, another New Zealander, has managed to keep out of such banter. Gatland is coming to the end of his time with Wales, but he will see out his contract to the World Cup next year. His team were fifth in the Six Nations last year. “When people write you off, it's a good position to be in,” he said.
Scotland's new coach is Gregor Townsend. His team has got something – they had a great nearmiss against New Zealand in the autumn. But as Scotland know more than most, putting together five matches with limited playing resources is hard.
Away from the British Isles, Jacques Brunel is in his first Six Nations for France and has shown a lot of new-broom ambition by dumping three old favourites and bringing into the squad a 19-year-old fly-half, Matthieu Jalibert. Conor O'Shea, an Irishman coaching Italy, will be hoping to do better than last season and achieve a win, any win, no matter how scrappy.
On, then, to the action: a more reliable guide to form than coaches, whether they're speaking in Australian riddles or Kiwi monosyllables. It's a coach's job to train for the loss of key personnel. We'll soon know how well Jones has done that. Remember: England's last match is against Ireland – and this year it's at Twickenham.
Advertisement
Six Nations Rugby is on Saturday 3rd February from 1.45pm on BBC1 and from 2pm on 5 Live Sports Extra
In brief: Amazon has been granted a patent for drone technology that allows the craft to strategically self-destruct in the event of an emergency. The system uses the drone's onboard computer to determine the safest course of action.
SECRET AGENT DRONE
Amazon is taking a page out of the spy genre in a newly-patented feature for its future fleet of delivery drones. Filings for a patent granted to the internet retailer show a self-destructing drone that is able to strategically disassemble in the air during an emergency to mitigate any potential damage from an otherwise fully-formed delivery drone, or as the patent describes it, “direct fragmentation for unmanned airborne vehicles.”
Perhaps the self-destructing drones will find a home in the recently-patented hive-like structure approved this past summer.
Amazon / USPTO
While programming a self-destruct sequence may seem like a curious safety feature, having a crashing drone break into pieces before impact can reduce the chances for significant property damage or injury to people on the ground. The feature would use the onboard computing system to analyze conditions to determine the best course of action.
An illustration included with the patent filing shows the device disassembling to drop pieces on empty patches of ground, in a small body of water, and safely crashing into a tree.
DRONE TECH
Amazon has big plans for its delivery drones that don't involve ripping themselves apart in mid-air. The company was granted a patent in mid-October to allow drones to recharge electric vehicles, which would effectively give the world its first commercial roving fueling stations. And this is just one of the many innovative applications of drone technology that have emerged recently.
Another internet giant, Facebook, is deploying drone technology to beam the internetto underserved areas, like rural regions around the world and even disaster-stricken places, which could allow enhanced communication for those who need it most. Another drone could similarly deliver much-needed help in a pinch by flying Automated External Defibrillators (AED) directly to the scene of an emergency, long before EMS crews would be able to arrive.
Amazon simply being granted the patent doesn't make the actual development of the self-destructing drone inevitable. While trials of the Amazon Prime Air delivery service have begun in the UK, there's no clear timeline of when the company would start regularly delivering packages using drones.
"Amazon's New Drone Designed to Self-Destruct in Emergencies" was originally published by Futurism, LLC on Dec. 2, 2017 by Patrick Caughill. Copyright 2017. Futurism, LLC. All rights reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) - Police say a man has been shot in the ankle near the Barclays Center in New York City after an argument.
Police say the shooting happened around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday outside a shopping center across the street from the Brooklyn arena, where the NBA's Brooklyn Nets and the NHL's New York Islanders play and the site of concerts and other events.
Police were searching for two men involved in the altercation. No one else was injured.
The victim was taken to a nearby hospital in stable condition.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After Myra Middlebrook's mother died in 2010, she found some money her mom had tucked away — and she knew exactly what it was.
“I knew it was her Lottie Moon Christmas Offering for that year,” Middlebrook said. “She put money away all year for missions. She always had.”
For the years that her mother worked, she squirrelled away a portion of her income in a jar each month. Then after she retired, she began a quilting business and gave a 10th of the profits to the annual offering, which goes to fund the work of International Mission Board missionaries overseas.
“I'm a firm believer that missions is what God wants us to do, whether that's to go ourselves or to give so others can go,” Middlebrook, 74, said. “That's what my mother taught me years ago.”
So when December rolled around, Middlebrook gave the money she had found, just as her mom would have wanted.
“When I was growing up, the ladies of the church had several groups called circles, and every year in January just after Christmas, they would start putting up money each month for the Lottie Moon Christmas Offering,” Middlebrook recounted. “That tradition was a big part of our church, and these days we try to keep it going.”
The women of Mon-Aetna Baptist Church in Union, S.C.– along with the men — save all year, putting as much money away in little jars as they can afford to live without.
It's not a small thing for a church birthed in a hard-working town.
“It's a mill church built between two cotton mills,” said Brenda Going. “We were all just like one big family brought together by the mill. Growing up, we could walk everywhere — to the church, the mill and the school. We weren't afraid to back then, but we weren't rich either.”
But Going, 75, just like Middlebrook, grew up watching her mother separate money out for missions even when times were hard.
“The women back then sacrificed. They would do a little extra wash or something to make a little extra money, but they wouldn't let anybody know about it,” Going said. “I remember my mother getting out our weekly offering for church and she would separate it out — $5 for the elevator fund, $5 for choir robes and a few dollars for whatever else was needed.”
And she would separate some out for Lottie, too.
“Lottie was a household word for us,” Going said. “Everybody would clean out their pocket money and save it up for the Christmas offering.”
And as a result, Mon-Aetna Baptist still consistently supports the International Mission Board's missionary force. They usually set their goal for $20,000, and there are “very few times we haven't met it,” Going said.
It's because as a community, the missions offering was a dinner-table topic.
“We had a lady down the street, Mrs. Adams, who would bring missionaries to talk to us after school,” Going said.
She has a picture of her and a bunch of her friends at 7 or 8 years old, standing on the other side of the school fence waiting on the missionary to arrive.
“Our excitement for Lottie goes back to people like Mrs. Adams and like my grandmother and mother who instilled in me how big missions were,” Going said.
Those after-school missionary visitors brought the world and its needs close, and they taught her with pictures the story of Lottie Moon, a missionary who sacrificed her life to reach the people of China with the hope of the Gospel.
The pennies and nickels Going scrimped and collected brought her into the thick of the story: Missions was personal.
“We grew up knowing and singing about how Jesus loves the little children of the world, and we knew that when it was Christmastime, Lottie came first, above all the things we wanted,” Going said.
Middlebrook agreed.
“All of us can't go to the mission. All of us can't go across the sea,” she said, though she can think of a few people from the area who have gone to serve over the years.
“There are people who are able to go overseas and spread the Gospel, and this is one way we can help — to emphasize the special offering and tell people about what the missionaries are doing.”
Pastor Chris Gulledge leads Mon-Aetna Baptist Church in reaching not only Union County, S.C., with the Gospel but also in reaching the world, encouraging the church to increase its Lottie Moon Christmas Offering goal from $20,000 to $30,000.
The offering, started in 1888, supports Southern Baptists' collective international missions effort. It helps fund more than 3,600 field personnel and engage the 3,203 unreached people groups still without a Gospel witness of any kind. This year's offering goal is $160 million.
Middlebrook, Going and the rest of Mon-Aetna Baptist Church are ready to do their part. At offering time, they will walk one by one to the altar and deposit the contents of their jars.
It's a touching moment, they said.
It was during that part of the service that Middlebrook put her mother's last Lottie Moon Christmas Offering gift in the offering place seven years ago. She will keep on giving her own offering, the way her mother taught her.
And both she and Going hope that the next generation will carry on the legacy.
“The world is changing, and it's so important that we pass down the importance of missions,” Going said. “You're never too young to learn what it means. And you're never too young to get involved.”
For more information about the Lottie Moon Christmas Offering or to order or download related videos and other resources for your church, visit imb.org/lmco.
— Grace Thornton is a writer in Birmingham, Ala. This article first appeared in SBC LIFE, journal of the Southern Baptist Convention's Executive Committee.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Indianapolis Colts coach Chuck Pagano says Andrew Luck is "making progress" as he continues to undergo rehab in Europe.
Pagano made the announcement Monday. He says the Colts have been in touch with Luck through email and text messages.
Luck has not played since having surgery in January on his throwing shoulder after playing the entire 2016 season with a partially torn labrum.
It looked like Luck might return after returning to practice in October. But when the pain lingered, Luck sought additional opinions and eventually Indianapolis put him on season-ending injured reserve in November.
At the time, general manager Chris Ballard said he did not believe Luck will need additional surgery.
Luck has not answered questions since going on injured reserve.
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Yeah, I went through two keyboards trying to write this post. They kept shorting out from all the drool. It's this new game, Railway Empire, which is being teased with the not-subtle tagline, “All Aboard Railway Tycoons!” It looks amazing. It looks like it picks up where Railroad Tycoon and Railroads left off, but bigger and more detailed. Players can invest in 300 technologies. There are 40 different trains “modeled in extraordinary detail.” Players will also have to manage work forces and can conduct raids and industrial espionage against rivals. Zzzzt! Dangit. There went another keyboard…in any event, it's scheduled for release in the 1st quarter of 2018 for Mac, PC, Xbox, PS4, and Linux. Watch the amazing trailer below.
Check It Out: Railway Empire Takes Up Where Railroad Tycoon Left Off! Watch the Trailer
Eric Smith comes from the part of Ohio where fizzy soft drinks are called “pop.” He also called them his beverage of choice — for lunch, dinner and snacks.
Eric Smith and his son Courtesy Eric Smith
So when he was diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in November 2016, Smith knew he was going to have to cut down. In fact, he cut out all sugary soft drinks and switched to water.
He stopped eating fast food, white bread and other junk and, in the space of a few months, he turned around his diabetes and has normal blood sugar now.
On Tuesday, a large study confirmed what Smith and other people like him have found — a strict weight-loss diet can reverse the progression of Type 2 diabetes and bring many people back to normal.
“I was drinking maybe six cans of pop a day if you averaged it out,” said Smith, a 40-year-old bookkeeper.
“Every meal I would have one, maybe two with lunch, two with dinner. If it wasn't pop it was a sugary drink somewhere.”
And Smith was, like so many Americans, obese. “I was up to 390,” he said.
He joined the Cleveland Clinic's Lifestyle Essentials program, which includes a series of six appointments to help people learn how to improve their habits. By changing his diet and adding in just a little exercise, he's dropped weight and controlled his blood sugar.
“I am down to 345, 350 right now,” Smith said, and his blood sugar is in the normal, healthy range.
Related: Half of Americans have diabetes or high blood sugar
It's more evidence that weight loss alone can control diabetes, which kills more than 70,000 Americans every year.
Other studies have shown that weight-loss surgery can help reverse diabetes. But that's an extreme option. The study released Tuesday showed people can do it with diet.
“If this study shows that a low-calorie diet is an effective and practical way to put Type 2 diabetes into remission, now and in the longer-term, it could completely transform the way Type 2 diabetes is treated,” said Diabetes UK, a charity for people affected by diabetes that paid for and sponsored the study.
“Bariatric surgery can achieve remission of diabetes in about three-quarters of people, but it is more expensive and risky, and is only available to a small number of patients,” said Roy Taylor of Britain's Newcastle University, who helped lead the study.
“The weight loss goals provided by this program are achievable for many people,” Taylor said.
The Britons in the study went on a much stricter weight-loss diet than Smith's do-it-yourself regime, managed with the help of the Cleveland Clinic.
“If this study shows that a low-calorie diet is an effective and practical way to put Type 2 diabetes into remission, now and in the longer-term, it could completely transform the way Type 2 diabetes is treated.”
The British researchers recruited and tested nearly 300 people who agreed to be randomly assigned to a strict diet program, or the usual care, which includes weight-loss counseling, but they stayed on their diabetes medications. Everyone was overweight and had been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in the past six years
Half the patients went off all their diabetes and blood pressure medications and followed a strict diet. “The low-calorie diet of 800 calories a day is made up of four soups or shakes. These have all the essential vitamins and minerals,” Diabetes UK said.
“Our findings show that, at 12 months, almost half of participants achieved remission to a nondiabetic state and off anti-diabetic drugs,” the researchers wrote in their report in the Lancet medical journal.
Related: Weight loss surgery reverses diabetes
After three to five months of this liquid diet, volunteers gradually were allowed to eat small amounts of normal food.
“The diet was very difficult. I can't say otherwise,” said Isobel Murray, 65, of North Ayreshire in Scotland. She was the first patient to try the diet.
“Having just liquid rather than actual food for such a long time (17 weeks in total) is odd,” Murray added in a statement.
“And as part of the trial I had to come off all my medication, which was initially a little daunting. But I was absolutely determined.”
Liquid diets can be very effective for weight loss but they are difficult to follow.
“I made a lot of sacrifices,” Murray said.
“My husband did all the cooking and food shopping. My husband and any guests would eat in the dining area and I ate separately in the living room. It was also around the time my first grandchild was born, but I still stuck to it,” she added.
“Having a liquid diet made it easier in some ways, as I didn't have to think about food. I also had great support from all my family and friends.”
Related: Groups agree on using surgery to reverse diabetes
Smith also got support from friends and family, and he's enlisted his 14-year-old son, Ashton.
They had been in the habit of stopping for fast food after Ashton's wrestling practice.
“Before, he ate what I ate. What I ate or what I bought, he did. Now he still does that,” Smith said.
“Before I didn't eat breakfast. Now I am trying to eat something. It may be a protein bar during the week but on the weekend we'll have eggs, maybe wheat toast, or have some oatmeal,” he added.
“You get a plan, you plan your meal ahead of time and know what you are going to cook.”
“Lunch — some kind of chicken and a salad. He may have a chicken sandwich but I usually eat my chicken on the salad. Dinner we'll have chicken or turkey or sometimes a pork chop. We'll have salad, we'll try to have a vegetable with it or maybe rice or a small potato with it.”
It's not as easy as grabbing a burger at the drive-thru, but Smith was determined to change his life.
“It's hard. I figured out where I get home earlier than he does from practice so I start cooking ahead of time. Monday I can start prepping for on Sunday, which is great,” he said.
“You get a plan, you plan your meal ahead of time and know what you are going to cook.”
In Britain, the people who lost the most weight were more likely to see their blood sugar levels go down. About a quarter of those who tried the diet lost more than 30 pounds, the researchers found.
“Additionally, nearly half of the weight management group (68 out of 149) achieved diabetes remission at one year, compared with six (4 percent) in the control group,” the team wrote.
“On average, participants in the weight management group shed 10 kg (22 pounds) of body weight compared to (two pounds) in the control group.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Could Weight Loss Surgery Cure Some Diabetics? 2:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
While diabetes symptoms disappeared, patients are not considered cured. It's been shown if people regain weight, the diabetes comes back.
About 30 million Americans have diabetes, mostly Type 2, in which the body gradually loses the ability to produce or use insulin to turn food into energy. That's more than 9 percent of the population. And more than a third have blood sugar so high they're almost diabetic.
About three-quarters of Americans are overweight or obese, both conditions that often cause diabetes.
Diet, exercise, medication or insulin can all help control diabetes, but if it's poorly controlled, it can cause damage that leads to heart attacks, strokes, kidney failure, amputations or blindness.
Studies have shown that bariatric surgery can improve blood sugar control in obese people with diabetes. Some can even stop taking medications.
That's the goal for the people in the British study.
“The big challenge is long-term avoidance of weight re-gain,” Taylor said. The volunteers will be studied for four years to see if they can control their diabetes long term.
And that's Smith's goal, too. After a divorce last year, he has sole custody of Ashton.
“The big turnaround was being divorced, being diabetic, being overweight. It was like, I am all he has,” Smith said.
“I need to be healthy for him and make sure I am staying around for him.”
GOP House Majority Whip Steve Scalise is in a stable condition after a rabid left-wing activist named James Hodgkinso, 66, opened fire upon the house republican baseball team during practice Wednesday morning.
James T. Hodgkinson was a former campaign volunteer for Bernie Sanders. After asking if those practicing were Democrats or Republicans, he opened fire on players with a high powered rifle from the third base dugout (Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria, Virginia) The group was taking grounders and practicing batting at around 7.00am.
Zachary Barth, a congressional staffer for Texas Rep. Roger Williams, was also shot but is expected to fully recover. Two US Capitol Police officers who were accompanying Scalise were wounded as they exchanged fire with the gunman. They are both in a ‘good condition' in hospital.
(Via Daily Mail) […] Scalise's office said while he was undergoing emergency surgery at MedStar Washington Hospital Center that he was in ‘stable condition.' ‘Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone,' a spokesperson said.
He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues.'
Texas Rep. Roger Williams tweeted that Barth, a legislative correspondent in his office, was being treated in hospital and is expected to make a full recovery. Barth wrote on Facebook shortly after: ‘I got shot this morning at the baseball fields but I am in the hospital and okay. Thank you for the thoughts and prayers.
Michigan Rep. Mike Bishop described how one man – thought to be part of Scalise's Capitol Police protection detail – stood his ground to return fire as the congressmen and at least one of their children dove for cover in a dugout and Scalise dragged himself across the field after being hit, leaving a trail of blood behind him.
He told CBS Detroit: ‘As we were standing here this morning, a gunman walked up to the fence line and just began to shoot. I was standing at home plate and he was in the third baseline. He had a rifle that was clearly meant for the job of taking people out, multiple casualties, and he had several rounds and magazines that he kept unloading and reloading.'
He said: ‘The only reason why any of us walked out of this thing, by the grace of God, one of the folks here had a weapon to fire back and give us a moment to find cover.'
‘We were inside the backstop and if we didn't have that cover by a brave person who stood up and took a shot themselves, we would not have gotten out of there and every one of us would have been hit — every single one of us.
‘He was coming around the fence line and he was looking for all of us who had found cover in different spots. But if we didn't have return fire right there, he would have come up to each one of us and shot us point-blank.'
President Donald Trump also praised the two cops for their ‘heroic actions', saying ‘many lives' would have been lost if they had not been there.
‘Congressman Scalise is a friend and a very good friend. He's a patriot and he's a fighter. He will recover from this assault and Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers, not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation and, frankly, the entire world,' Trump said.
‘Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault.
‘Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims.'
The group was practicing for a charity match which is due to take place on Thursday at Nationals Park when they were attacked. Three men escaped and took shelter in an apartment building nearby. (read more)
The shooter was 66-year-old James T Hodgkison (FACEBOOK HERE) A Bernie Sanders campaign volunteer.
Advertisements
That is not to say the market is collapsing. Even after this week's sell-off, stock markets remain at historic highs. The S.&P. is still 22 percent above where it stood a year ago.
Friday's jobs report showed average hourly earnings rose 2.9 percent in January from a year earlier, the fastest growth in years.
But even before Friday's news, other financial indicators were moving in ways that suggested the end could be in sight to a prolonged period of eerily calm, happy markets.
Interest rates recently have leapt sharply higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note — a widely used gauge for overall interest rates — rose to more than 2.8 percent, the highest level since early 2014.
Rising rates have myriad consequences, including making it more expensive for companies and individuals to borrow money. Interest rates on mortgages, for example, are going up as a result.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In one sign of a shift underway, a measure of expected market turbulence, the CBOE Volatility Index, jumped by more than 15 percent Friday. The so-called VIX has spent months at historically low levels, reflecting the buoyant market mood but mystifying many investors.
Sharply rising interest rates would be a stark change after a decade of “easy money” — low interest rates and other forms of financial stimulus — from the world's central banks.
Since stocks began climbing during the depths of the Great Recession in 2009, their rise has been supported by some of the lowest global interest rates seen since World War II. Amid piddling economic growth, central bankers around the world slashed interest rates. Their goal was to incentivize investors to put their cash to work in the economy — such as by buying corporate stocks and bonds — rather than stashing it in the relative safety of government bonds.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The theory was that investments in stocks and bonds would make it easier for companies to raise money, invest and hire workers as the global economy healed.
Economists are still debating how well that worked. But a decade later, the global economy is improving across the board. Japan, the eurozone and China are all enjoying stable, sustainable growth.
The United States economy expanded by a 2.6 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter of 2017. That is below the pace of some past expansions — the economy grew at around 4 percent annually in the late 1990s. But it is enough to keep creating significant numbers of jobs, including 200,000 in January.
The ongoing expansion should be a comfort to investors, some observers say, because higher revenue allows companies to offset rising costs, such as workers' pay, because of inflation.
“If we start to see growth slowing and inflation acceleration, that's when I get concerned,” said Erin Browne, head of asset allocation at UBS Asset Management. “As long as growth continues to improve, a little bit more inflation that we're seeing now is fine.”
Will he, won't he? It is becoming something of a saga already as to whether Chelsea striker Alvaro Morata will be fit to face Crystal Palace next week.
The Spanish striker limped off with a hamstring injury in the Blues' 1-0 defeat at home to Manchester City, with it reported after the game that the Blues were optimistic he would not be out for long and that he was taken off as a precautionary measure.
However, reports then emerged earlier this week that Morata had been assessed by doctors after reporting for international duty, with the diagnosis suggesting he could be out for up to six weeks with a grade two hamstring tears.
Morata then sparked suggestions that he could make a swift return for the game against Palace at Selhurst Park on Saturday, October 14, with the former Real Madrid man posting on social media that he was working hard towards his recovery with Palace the target.
His tweet was later deleted, but he has been on social media again today (Friday), with Morata posting a video on Instagram of him working hard on an exercise bike in the gym, fuelling suggestions that he could yet make a remarkable return against Palace after the international break.
With its Nazi symbols and slogans, the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend evoked painful feelings for many, especially survivors of the Holocaust.
"Looking at swastikas, neo-Nazis, hatred of Jews — and not just Jews, but African-Americans and Mexicans and Muslims — it's really troubling," said Michael Bornstein, who barely escaped alive from Auschwitz more than seven decades ago.
"To see this prejudice is still here is very troubling."
Bornstein, 77, a Polish native who now lives in New Jersey, was 4 years old when he was liberated from the infamous Nazi concentration camp in Germany. He only has fading memories of the horrors there: the smell of the ovens where bodies were cremated, the sound of soldiers' boots marching, the feeling of being starved nearly to death.
Michael Bornstein, who escaped from Auschwitz at age 4, shows his concentration camp serial number tattooed on him during the Holocaust. Courtesy Bruce Challgren / PhotoPixels LLC
But he distinctly remembers the discrimination he endured even after he got out. He and his mother lived in Germany for six years — his brother, father and several grandparents had all died at the hands of the Nazis — before coming to the United States.
Related: Trump Condemns Hate Groups, Calls Racism ‘Evil' Days After Charlottesville Violence
"There was a lot of anti-antisemitism in Munich, but I didn't think when we came to the United States, that I'd see this," Bornstein said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 72 Years Later, A Reunion for Three Survivors Seen in Iconic Holocaust Image 1:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Bornstein said he felt America was welcoming to him when he became a citizen. That's what made it even more stunning for him to see white supremacists and Ku Klux Klansmen marching over the weekend, chanting Nazi slogans and displaying swastikas. He said he was glued to coverage of what was happening in Virginia.
"The U.S. is wonderful," he said. "I can't think of a better place to live in. But here it is again. The neo-Nazis and their supporters, the white supremacists, are finding another voice."
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum also expressed alarm at the events and condemned "the violence and neo-Nazi, racist, and antisemitic symbols and language used by some of the participants, including reported chants of, 'The Jews will not replace us.'"
"Neo-Nazism in any form is antithetical to American values and has no place in American society," the Washington, D.C., museum said in a statement.
Meanwhile, a photo spread on social media of a protester in New York holding up a sign that read, "I escaped the Nazis once. You will not defeat me now." NBC News could not independently verify the photo's authenticity.
Bornstein, the Holocaust survivor, was among a chorus of critics who felt President Trump wasn't strong enough in his initial response to the Charlottesville rally, which turned deadly when a car rammed into a group protesting the white nationalists and killed 32-year-old Heather Heyer. Nineteen others were injured.
On Monday, facing growing criticism, Trump made a fresh statement from the White House in which repudiated the racist ideology by KKK and called hate groups "repugnant."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Condemns 'Repugnant' Hate Groups After Charlottesville Attack 0:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect called on Trump to go further.
"The president made it worse. He said we should all unite, but there's no way on God's Earth we will ever unite with Nazis," Steven Goldstein, the center's executive director, said.
.@POTUS spoke and still cannot get it correct. Our organization's full statement: pic.twitter.com/0xSvol1Gt3 — Anne Frank Center (@AnneFrankCenter) August 14, 2017
Borstein said he hoped this weekend would be viewed as a chance for change.
"I think this is a perfect opportunity for Americans to stand up, never forget, and to oppose this hatred we're seeing in the United States," he said.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in, Charles Weber, who did not immediately respond to phone messages. No one answered the door at his office Monday.
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, he answered questions from the judge with simple responses of "Yes, sir" when asked if he understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied "No, sir" when asked if he had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race, his former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday.
Keegan McGrath, 18, who said he was roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015, said Fields referred to Germany as "the Fatherland," had no interest in being in France, and refused to interact with the French.
"He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us," McGrath told the AP on Monday.
McGrath challenged Fields on his beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. He said he went home after three or four days because he said he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
"He was just a normal dude" most of the time, although he occasionally made "dark" jokes that put his class on edge, including one "off-hand joke" about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said that Fields wasn't ostracized and doesn't believe Fields deserves sympathy.
"He had friends, he had people who would chat with him, it wasn't like he was an outcast."
Weimer described Fields as an "average" student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany.
"Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy," Weimer said. "It would start to creep out."
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Weimer said.
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the "take America back" campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be "bigger than Charlottesville."
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, he said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army. Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided him through the process of applying, he said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel his white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army.
Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015, but was released from active duty four months later "due to a failure to meet training standards."
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events.
Feb 2, 2018
Late last year, Republicans rammed a tax package through Congress with no debate whatsoever as to its potential effects on the US health-care system. Unfortunately, the legislation will most likely result in fewer Americans with insurance, stripped-down public programs, and less access to substance-abuse treatment.
NEW YORK – The sweeping tax bill that US President Donald Trump signed into law on December 22, 2017, may have been presented as an early Christmas gift. But to the millions of Americans whose health outcomes will worsen as a result, the legislation looks more like a costly white elephant.
The Year Ahead 2018 The world's leading thinkers and policymakers examine what's come apart in the past year, and anticipate what will define the year ahead. Order now
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act targets health care in the United States in three major ways. First, it eliminates the individual mandate, a provision of the 2010 Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) that imposes a tax penalty on people who go without health insurance. According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), this repeal alone will reduce the number of insured Americans by 13 million over the next decade, and increase average health-insurance premiums by about 10%. Moreover, eliminating the individual mandate could disrupt health-insurance markets, because there will be fewer younger, healthier people purchasing insurance.
Second, the CBO estimates that the law will add $1.45 trillion to the deficit over the next decade, which could trigger spending cuts to health-insurance programs for the elderly, poor, and disabled, such as Medicare and Medicaid. These programs are already some of the government's largest budget items, accounting for $1 trillion in spending – 26% of the federal budget – in 2016. Any cuts to them made in the name of deficit reduction will disproportionately harm the most vulnerable.
Third, the tax law will decrease consumer health-care spending and adversely affect health outcomes among poor and at-risk populations. Although the law was sold as a tax “cut,” it will actually reduce the after-tax income of some 53% of Americans, while boosting the incomes of the richest 5%.
According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, an independent body that evaluates tax proposals before Congress, Americans earning more than $1 million per year will see their annual tax bill fall by an average of $12,865 over the next decade. For the poorest Americans, however, the tax burden will rise during this period. Those earning less than $10,000 per year will be subject to an average annual tax hike of $152, and those earning $10,000-$20,000 per year will face an average annual increase of $2,563.
Income has a huge impact on health outcomes. A 2016 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association found that American men with incomes in the top 1% live 15 years longer than the poorest 1%; for women in these respective groups, the gap is ten years. The tax law could worsen these disparities by lowering the incomes of low- and middle-income Americans, many of whom are already living shorter lives, owing partly to the opioid crisis that is ravaging much of the country. In 2016, for example, life expectancy fell for the second consecutive year, by 0.1 years, to 78.6.
FABRICE COFFRINI/AFP/Getty Images Post-Davos Depression Feb 1, 2018 is appalled by the behavior of the CEOs who attended the World Economic Forum's flagship meeting last week. Chesnot/Getty Images The Bitcoin Threat Feb 2, 2018 thinks cryptocurrencies, like their predecessors, will be a key factor driving political destabilization. YURI KOCHETKOV/AFP/Getty Images The Point of Sharp Power Feb 1, 2018 says the term “soft power” fails to capture how authoritarian regimes are exercising global influence. Previous Next
Because the poor, unemployed, and uninsured suffer disproportionately from opioid abuse and addiction, the tax law puts their health further at risk. Falling incomes and rising deficits could translate into less stable health-insurance markets and cuts to Medicaid, which reimburses prescriptions for naloxone, a drug used to reverse opioid overdoses.
Evidence from two of the states that have been hit the hardest by the opioid epidemic is sobering. Last year, researchers at Harvard University found that in Massachusetts, which has expanded its Medicaid coverage in recent years, 868 opioid-related deaths were averted in 2016, whereas only 11 opioid-related deaths were averted in Tennessee, which did not expand its Medicaid program. The researchers concluded that, “Medicaid expansion helped put more purchasing power into the hands of laypersons and in so doing, expanded the use of naloxone, thereby saving lives.”
Each of the tax law's injustices – fewer Americans with health coverage, stripped-down public programs, lower incomes for the poor, less access to substance-abuse treatment – is unambiguously bad for health outcomes. Taken together, they will have an adverse effect on worker productivity, thus undermining overall economic growth.
Some argue that the CBO's initial forecast of the impact of repealing the individual mandate was overly dire, and that many Americans will purchase insurance even in the absence of a penalty. And, to be sure, there is no guarantee that spending for Medicare and Medicaid will be cut, given that the expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare has made the program even more popular among those it serves.
But even if these two assumptions prove to be unfounded, the unintended consequences of the new tax law will still threaten Americans' wellbeing. The bill was rushed through Congress and signed into law without any meaningful debate about its potential effects on health care. As the law's provisions take effect, policymakers must start paying closer attention. Otherwise, the legislation could end up costing Americans something more valuable than money: their health.
VANCOUVER —
PRIVACY COMMISSIONER TO CONTACT FACEBOOK ABOUT PERSONAL INFORMATION CONCERNS
A B.C. whistleblower is at the centre of explosive allegations raising concerns in Canada and Europe about the use of personal information harvested from Facebook.
Christopher Wylie has said in a series of interviews that he helped found a data analytics company that used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to help the Trump campaign target voters during the 2016 U.S. election.
Canadian privacy commissioner Daniel Therrien says his office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected.
Lawmakers in the United Kingdom have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case, and the head of the European Union's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by Cambridge Analytica.
—
—
GROUPS SAY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT MUST LEAD PAIN STRATEGY
Groups that support chronic pain patients across Canada are calling on the federal government to adopt a national pain strategy that would provide provinces with a framework of services, similar to a plan in Australia.
Dr. Fiona Campbell, president-elect of the Canadian Pain Society, says provinces are coming up with their own initiatives but a national strategy would push provinces to create awareness and research in a co-ordinated way.
She says momentum is building among some of the same organizations that were involved in presenting a pain strategy at a summit in Ottawa in 2012, when Canada failed to adopt the plan.
Dr. Owen Williamson, head of the Pain Medicine Physicians of B.C. Society, says Canada's economy takes a $60-billion a year hit annually because people with chronic pain aren't getting adequate care including physiotherapy, which would allow them to become more functional.
—
—
DENTAL SURGERY WAIT TIMES TO DECREASE IN B.C.
Health Minister Adrian Dix has announced a plan to add 900 more dental surgeries in the province in the coming year for vulnerable children and adults.
Dix says increased access will lead to a substantial reduction in wait times for people currently suffering in pain.
He says the total number of surgeries for those requiring general anesthetic for their dental procedures will grow to 7,100 in 2018-19 — up 15 per cent over the previous year.
Dix says his ministry will also work with the B.C. Dental Association to study wait-time guidelines and protocols that the ministry will use to further improve timely access for patients who require dental care in a hospital setting.
—
—
SURVEY SUGGESTS FEW PEOPLE HAVE COMPLETED EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS PLAN
A new survey for Emergency Management BC has found 54 per cent of respondents had drafted an emergency plan but only 13 per cent said it's complete.
The Ipsos Reid poll of 1,200 British Columbians was commissioned to determine their knowledge of the particular hazards that threaten them and their level of personal preparedness.
It suggested most residents can identify their own geographic vulnerabilities, with coastal residents in Vancouver and on Vancouver Island expressing concerns about the threat of tsunamis and earthquakes while those in the Interior and the North were more likely to cite wildfires and floods as hazards.
But only four in 10 reported that they are equipped with an emergency kit in their car, while only three in 10 have a kit at work or a “grab-and-go” bag at home.
—
—
POLICE INVESTIGATE SUSPICIOUS DEATH
The RCMP says investigators are trying to determine if foul play was involved in the death of a 37-year-old woman in Vernon.
Police say they were notified that the woman had been taken from to hospital from her home last Thursday.
She later died in hospital.
RCMP are continuing an investigation but say there is no risk to the public.
—
—
MAN ACCUSED IN HOCKEY STORE ARSON TO APPEAR IN COURT
The RCMP has charged a man with arson in connection with a fire that destroyed a prominent hockey shop in Surrey last year.
No one was hurt in the fire last September at the Hockey Shop Source for Sports in the city centre area.
At the time, fire crews said they believed the blaze may have started in some garbage at the back of the store.
James Haslam of no fixed address has been remanded in custody and is to appear in court on Thursday.
—
—
By The Canadian Press, Vancouver
Summer is here and it's heating up again in Cornwall as Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson return to BBC1. Find out more about the stars of the hit drama
Poldark is back for a fourth series this summer – and the passions are as intense as ever in Cornwall.
Advertisement
Aidan Turner's Ross is facing up to the fact that his beloved wife Demelza (Eleanor Tomlinson) betrayed their wedding vows with her romp among the sand dunes with Hugh Armitage in the last series. And he has to face the fact that it was his neglect which caused it.
It seems that he will have been more enemies this series, as he embraces a new political career in London. As well as long-standing foe George Warleggan and ghastly cleric Osborne Whitworth, there is Monk Adderley to add to the mix.
Politician Adderley is a well-to-do friend of George's and very clever and charming. Which makes him so dangerous.
Here are the main cast members – and what they are up to…
Ross Poldark – Aidan Turner
Who is Ross Poldark?
Our hero opens series four with more than an inkling that his wife Demelza enjoyed love among the sand dunes with dashing, lovelorn poet Hugh Armitage at the end of the last series. As well as processing that betrayal he needs to heal his relationship with his neglected wife while also fighting injustice in Cornwall. To that end, we last saw him, finally, promising to accept the offer of becoming a politician if asked again…
What is Aidan Turner famous for?
BBC3 drama Being Human was his big break, with The Hobbit director Peter Jackson subsequently casting him as dwarf Kili in The Hobbit trilogy. But for his many fans he is simply Ross Poldark…
Demelza Poldark – Eleanor Tomlinson
Who is Demelza?
Ross' charismatic and fiery wife had a dalliance with her sand dune lover and poet Hugh at the end of the last series and her admirer continues to get in touch. As the advances continue, will Demelza be able to retain her husband's trust? And will he do his bit to mend their marriage?
What is Eleanor Tomlinson famous for?
Known for large roles in period drama The White Queen and literary adaptation Death Comes to Pemberley, she also played Jas in teen adaptation Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging.
Elizabeth Poldark – Heida Reed
Who is Elizabeth Warleggan?
Ross's erstwhile lover has now firmly nailed her colours to the mast, supporting her ghastly husband George Warleggan, with any residual affection for Captain P seemingly extinguished. We last saw her curbing some of her husband's cruelty while also convincing George that he, not Ross, was the father of her baby.
What is Heida Reed famous for?
Iceland-born actress Heida Reed featured in David Nicholls book adaptation One Day in 2013, and also has roles in Silent Witness and Death in Paradise on her CV.
George Warleggan – Jack Farthing
Who is George Warleggan?
Poldark's hiss boo baddie continues to try and trip Ross up – which for him means getting his arch enemy's neck at the end of a hangman's noose. Now an MP, an election at the start of series four threatens his place in Parliament. But an anti-Ross alliance with fellow politician Monk Adderley may provide some comfort.
What is Jack Farthing famous for?
You may recognise him as the dim-witted Freddie Threepwood in the BBC1 adaptation of PG Wodehouse's Blandings, as well as George Balfour in feature film The Riot Club.
Geoffrey Charles – Louis Davison
Who is Geoffrey Charles?
The son of Elizabeth and her first husband Francis, he is growing to manhood and enjoying school in Harrow. Friendly to Ross who he enjoys catching up with in London, he cannot bear his stepfather George whom he insists on calling Uncle, much to George's irritation.
What is Louis Davison famous for?
The son of former Doctor Who star Peter Davison and step-brother of Georgia Tennant, Louis takes over the role from Harry Marcus for series four. He has enjoyed roles in Holby City (as Essie's foster son) and played Victor in the film Ms Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
Lady Whitworth – Rebecca Front
Who is Lady Whitworth?
Anyone who is the mother of Osborne Whitworth must be a strange person. A social climbing cold fish, her ghastliness may at least explain why her son is such an awful person too.
What is Rebecca Front famous for?
A veteran of many years of TV and film appearances, including her work with Steve Coogan on Knowing Me Knowing You to appearances more latterly on hits like The Thick of It, as well as drama roles in War & Peace and Doctor Thorne.
Monk Adderley – Max Bennett
Who is Monk Adderley?
A new enemy of Ross, the slippery politician is an ally of George but also a very clever and charming customer – which makes him highly dangerous for our hero.
What is Max Bennett famous for?
Max has mainly achieved his successes in stage roles at prestigious venues like the Donmar and National Theatre.
Caroline Enys – Gabriella Wild
Who is Caroline Enys?
The wealthy and beautiful Caroline didn't give up on her love for kind young doctor Dwight Enys despite the entreaties of her uncle Ray Penvenen, who wanted her to marry into gentry. But the course of Caroline and Dwight's love has not run smooth – not least when Dwight was imprisoned and nearly killed by the French revolutionary army in the last series. He survived thanks to her kind attentions and the now happily married pair are hoping to become parents…
What is Gabriella Wilde famous for?
Gabrielle Wilde starred in 2014 rom-com Endless Love and the film adaptation of The Three Musketeers. She was on the books of Naomi Campbell's modelling agency when she was just 14.
Dwight Enys – Luke Norris
Who is Dwight Enys?
Ross's loyal friend Dr Dwight Enys has married his beloved Caroline, survived the cruelty of his French captors and is now looking to settle down to a bit of peace. But does anyone ever have peace in Poldark?
What is Luke Norris famous for?
Luke has enjoyed huge success on stage both as an actor and a writer, with productions of his plays enjoying acclaim at top venues like the Sheffield Crucible, Royal Exchange Manchester and the National Theatre.
Morwenna Whitworth – Elise Chappell
Who is is Morwenna?
Elizabeth's innocent cousin is mired in a terrible marriage to Osborne Whitworth. Her love for Drake burns strong – and her discovery of her spouse's affair with her sister Rowella has at least allowed her to break off sexual relations with the toe rag vicar. But for how long?
What is Ellise Chappell famous for?
Ellise Chappell's TV credits include The Last Dragonslayer and New Blood.
Rev Osborne Whitworth – Christian Brassington
Who is Osborne Whitworth?
The oily, cruel, sex-crazed foot-sucking cleric appeared to have his comeuppance at the end of series three after his affair with his poor benighted wife's sister Rowella was discovered. It gave Morwenna the excuse not to have relations with him – and to continue pining for Demelza's brother Drake. But how long will he put up with that?
What is Christian Brassington famous for?
Brassington played the PM in Tony Blair: Rock Star and Boris Johnson in When Boris Met Dave. He also has a sideline writing Doctor Who is a audio adventures.
Sam Carne – Tom York
Who is Sam Carne?
The charismatic Methodist preacher remains keen to save the souls of everyone he meets. The older brother of Drake, Sam has a loyal congregation, even if his family remain bemused at his tub-thumping preaching.
What is Tom York famous for?
His CV include parts in Olympus and Death in Paradise.
Drake Carne – Harry Richardson
Who is Drake Carne?
Demelza and Sam's brother is desperately in love with Morwenna. He has at least got a career to distract him – a blacksmith's forge bequeathed by Ross but ransacked in series three by Warleggan's thugs. Will true love conquer all? And will he behave well enough to escape the hangman's noose?
What is Harry Richardson famous for?
You may recognise the young Australian from his role as Frank Gresham in ITV's period drama Doctor Thorne which aired in 2016.
Rowella Chynoweth – Esme Coy
Who is Rowella Chynoweth?
A smart woman capable of using her good looks to her advantage, Rowella's affair with Ossie saw beau Arthur blackmail the odious cleric. But there is a strong suggestion that she does enjoy bedding the vicar.
What is Esme Coy famous for?
Esme Coy played Yvonne Sparrow in the last three series and 2016 special of Nicholas Lyndhurst comedy Goodnight Sweetheart.
Arthur Solway – Will Merrick
Who is Arthur Solway?
Rowella's husband managed to secure a handsome sum for taking Rowella off Ossie. Capable of double dealing, as this showed, he looks set for more adventures in the parsonage…
What is Will Merrick famous for?
Has appeared in a number of mainly comic roles and was one of the standout successes of BBC comedy The Rack Pack, bringing a comic touch to the part of snooker master Steve “Ever so boring” Davis in 2016.
Tholly Tregirls – Sean Gilder
An old friend of Ross' from his youth the nomadic Tholly is a piratical cove with a broad Cornish accent. A loyal friend to our hero, he knows a thing or two about Ross' roistering past and often seems keen to get him back to his bad ways – as in series three when he persuaded him to make the raid on the French prison. Tholly has a daughter Emma (Ciara Charteris) who he's devoted to – and he may have taken a shine to Prudie who is now single.
What is Sean Gilder famous for?
You may recognise him from his work as Paddy in Shameless and Styles in Hornblower.
Lord Falmouth – James Wilby
Who is Lord Falmouth?
Lord Falmouth is a historical figure – George Boscawen, 3rd Viscount Falmouth to give him his proper name, is a key Cornish power broker and an active politician. He wants George out of Parliament – but also dislikes fellow big cheese Sir Francis Bassett. Can they put their differences aside to get what they want?
What is James Wilby famous for?
A veteran actor he's perhaps best known for playing Charles Wilcox in the hit Merchant Ivory film of EM Forster's Howards End in 1992 and Freddie Nesbitt in Gosford Park.
Sir Francis Bassett – Johns Hopkins
A local grandee with a desire to reform the world. Francis has noticed Ross' radicalism – but personal differences have stopped them allying. Will that change?
What is Johns Hopkins famous for?
He has enjoyed an accomplished stage career – but is perhaps best known to TV fans for his work as Sergeant Scott in Midsomer Murders.
Verity Blamey – Ruby Bentall
Francis's sister and Ross's cousin Verity is a well-intentioned woman who finally found love in an earlier Poldark series with Andrew Blamey, the sea captain who had killed his wife in unfortunate circumstances. That scandal behind her, the reformed and decent Blamey and his wife enjoy life away from Cornwall – paying occasional visits to their relatives.
What is Ruby Bentall famous for?
Ruby has appeared in period projects Lost in Austen, Lark Rise to Candleford and The Paradise – but once told RadioTimes.com that she longs to play a hooker….
Rosina Hoblyn – Amelia Clarkson
Who is Rosina Hoblyn?
Local girl Rosina is still looking for love after her flirtation with Dr Enys in series two fizzled out in rather unfortunate circumstances. Now working in Nampara, she has her sights set on Drake Carne. Demelza is also keen on the match, even though Drake is still pining for Morwenna.
What is Amelia Clarkson famous for?
The 20-year-old has been in the 2014 film Jane Eyre, US drama The Assets and BBC series Our Zoo.
Emma Tregirls – Ciara Charteris
The wayward daughter of Tholly ,she's got a good heart – and she loves religiously-minded Sam Carne. But of course he will have to overlook or forgive her colourful past – and she will have to embrace God – if they are ever to marry.
What is Ciara Charteris famous for?
Ciara's credits include Steven Poliakoff's Close to the Enemy and James Norton drama Grantchester.
Tom Harry – Turlough Convery
Who is Tom Harry?
George's servant, he has performed a number of roles including that of gamekeeper. But in the main he has been the man to do his master's dirty work and duff up enemies. Big, strong, and not afraid to use his fists, he's not the sort of fellow you'd want to cross.
What is Turlough Convery famous for?
He has enjoyed roles in Ready Player One (2018) and My Mad Fat Diary (2013) and will be seen in the BBC's upcoming adaptation of Les Miserables written by Andrew Davies.
Prudie Paynter – Beatie Edney
Who is Prudie Paynter?
Ross's servants Jud and Prudie Painter were the key sources of comic relief in early Poldark – but sadly poor Prudie has lost her beloved husband (Aidan's co-star in THAT scything scene, let's not forget). After coming back from the dead he scarpered again (precisely where no one is entirely sure). Prudie is still employed in the Poldark household and she has said she is looking for new love. She claims she misses her husband “like a ruptured spleen”.
What is Beatie Edney famous for?
Beatie Edney has had a long, successful and varied career on film and TV, including a starring role opposite Colin Firth in 1986 drama Lost Empires and parts in Rosemary and Thyme, Prime Suspect, The Coroner and many other shows.
Lieutenant Hugh Armitage (deceased) – Josh Whitehouse
Who is Hugh Armitage?
Lord Falmouth's artistic, aristocratic nephew was in love with Demelza, and even managed to have a sexual encounter with her at the end of series three. Just before that he revealed that he was going blind and soon developed a nasty neurological condition that took his life at the start of series four.
What is Josh Whitehouse famous for?
Whitehouse appeared in the films Northern Soul and Alleycats, in the latter as the brother of Eleanor Tomlinson's character.
Advertisement
Poldark series 4 is on BBC1 on Sunday nights
RIVERVIEW, Fla. — Authorities say a Florida man killed the mother of his children and their daughter, seriously injured their son and set their house on fire.
A Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office news release says 29-year-old Ronnie Oneal III was charged Monday with two counts of murder and other charges.
Deputies say they responded to the Riverview home, near Tampa, late Sunday after a 911 call from a woman who claimed she had been shot. The deputies found the woman in the lawn, and she was later pronounced dead. Deputies say they were confronted by Oneal and subdued him with stun guns.
Firefighters found the couple's 8-year-old son stumbling out of the house with multiple stab wounds, and then his sister was found dead inside the burning home. The boy was taken to a Tampa hospital for surgery.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) warms up during a practice Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Sunday, Feb. 4.
By JOSH DUBOW
AP Pro Football Writer
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) - Tom Brady is the comeback king in the playoffs.
From his past two Super Bowl wins to the AFC championship game rally against Jacksonville that got the Patriots to the NFL's biggest stage for the third in four seasons, no quarterback has engineered more late-game playoff comebacks than Brady.
But he is not alone. Whether it was Marcus Mariota and the Tennessee Titans in the wild-card round against Kansas City earlier this postseason, or Russell Wilson against Green Bay in (2015) or Andrew Luck against the Chiefs the previous year, there have been as many playoff comebacks from at least 10 points down in the fourth quarter the past five seasons as there were the previous 26 seasons.
"What happens is instead of playing the team, they start playing the clock. Sometimes you win and sometimes you go against a bad boy like Tom Brady and you get burned," former Colts receiver and current NFL Network analyst Reggie Wayne said. "A lot of that falls onto the coaches. The players are going to run what the coaches call."
Whether it's Atlanta failing to run the ball enough late in last year's Super Bowl that helped the Patriots rally from 28-3 down to win in overtime or Seattle's decision to pass at the goal line instead of hand it to Marshawn Lynch back in 2015, questionable coaching decisions have contributed to some of those comebacks.
But nobody is better at exploiting those mistakes than Brady and the Patriots. He has four playoff wins in games he trailed by at least 10 points in the fourth quarter, including the "Tuck Rule" game against Oakland in 2002. No other quarterback has led more than one such comeback in playoff history.
"There's a great belief no matter what the circumstances, that we have enough to overcome it," Brady said. "I don't think we want to try to overcome that again this year. That was pretty tough to do. Hopefully we can get a lead, play from ahead, play on our terms."
The Patriots are comfortable when that happens. They are 6-6 in the playoffs when trailing after three quarters under Brady and coach Bill Belichick, while the rest of the NFL has a 27-140 record in that span with only Russell Wilson and Eli Manning having more than two fourth-quarter comebacks with four each.
Not that it is by design.
"That whole comeback thing is overrated," said NFL Network analyst Willie McGinest, who won three Super Bowl titles as Brady's teammate in New England. "Players can't go in and say, 'Hey, we want to win this game in dramatic fashion, be down 11 with eight minutes to go and come back and have the crowd go crazy.' You want to be in control, play a certain way and be in front. Because that changes how you play the game."
The biggest deficit overcome to win a Super Bowl before last season was just 10 points and the Patriots were the first team to overcome a deficit that big in the second half when they did it against the Seahawks three years ago.
The only other teams to come back from 10 points down to win a Super Bowl faced those deficits early in the second quarter with New Orleans rallying against Indianapolis in 2010 and Washington against Denver in 1988.
Brady's postseason passer rating when trailing in fourth quarter the past four years is a staggering 121.2, compared to 75.6 for the rest of the NFL.
In last year's Super Bowl comeback, the Falcons appeared to tire and struggled to generate pressure, sending more than four pass rushers on just two of 24 pass plays in the fourth quarter.
The Jaguars also only brought more than four rushers on two of 15 fourth-quarter pass plays in the AFC title game when New England came back from 20-10 down to win 24-20.
"What teams do wrong is they go zone," Wayne said. "He's going to pick zone apart all day, every day. He's going to spread you out and they're the best at creating mismatches."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Spring will start Tuesday with the Lehigh Valley under a winter storm watch.
For days, forecasters have been frustrated by a confounding storm system -- a pair of back-to-back nor'easters are expected to merge into a single storm off the coast by Wednesday afternoon, but it was difficult to assess just how they would affect the region.
But on Monday afternoon, the National Weather Service officially issued the storm watch for much of the Mid-Atlantic, finally putting a number on the potential snowfall expected over 24 hours starting Tuesday evening.
A total of 5 to 8 inches is now expected for much of the Lehigh Valley. Areas in Warren County could see up to a foot.
Along with the snow is the potential of ice accumulating up to a tenth of an inch from sleet and freezing rain, the weather service said.
The ice and wind gusts up to 30 mph mean a risk of power outages, and an especially messy Wednesday evening commute, the weather service advised.
Here is the latest briefing package for the upcoming Nor'easter. The link to the pdf on our website is : https://t.co/EXJ3qKZFHJ pic.twitter.com/krmjxo1YqU -- NWS Mount Holly (@NWS_MountHolly) March 19, 2018
Steve Novak may be reached at snovak@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @type2supernovak and Facebook. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Blink, a smart home security device company, is upping its game with new security devices and new levels of monthly service plans. Blink's DIY approach will get an additional boost with two home security kits.
The Blink XT, an Alexa-enabled outdoor smart security camera, was announced in early December 2016. It officially launches at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this week and is available for pre-order for $119. The other new products, the prices of which have not been announced, will be available in the second quarter of 2017.
More: Blink adds Alexa-enabled outdoor smart cam to its indoor security systems
Blink has established a new brand for its home security line, Seecurity — a play on the company's emphasis on video monitoring devices and services. “At Blink, we've created a core ‘Seecurity' philosophy, meaning that the ability to see, and therefore know, exactly what is happening at home from anywhere at any time is vital to achieving true home security and peace of mind,” said Peter Besen, CEO of Blink. “Operating under that mantra, we have leveraged Blink's expertise to develop affordable DIY products with video at the forefront. These new offerings will serve the growing segment of consumers demanding best-in-class, affordable and fully encompassing home security coupled with the flexibility to keep an eye on their homes while on the go.”
New products under the Seecurity brand include:
4G Cellular Sync Module with Battery Backup for Data & Video — Whether or not you have internet service, and even if the power is out, the Blink Sync Module keeps your security system operating.
Entry sensors — Blink's entry sensors are aimed at securing potentially vulnerable doors and windows.
Siren — At 105 decibels, the Blink Siren, with manual and motion-detection triggering, makes a lot of noise to scare away intruders.
Keypad — The Blink keypad enables anyone with their own unique passcode to arm and disarm the Blink system.
Water Sensor – Blink's moisture sensor immediately alerts users of leaks or flooding.
Blink Seecurity Kits:
Starter Seecurity Kit ($339) — The kit for new Blink customers includes a Blink camera, a Blink XT camera, an enhanced sync module, a siren, two entry sensors, and a keypad.
Upgrade Seecurity Kit ($149) — The kit for existing Blink customers includes an enhanced sync module, a siren, two entry sensors, and a keypad.
Seecurity Monthly Service Plans: Blink's monthly plans can support up to 10 cameras. Five cameras are included in the monthly fee and additional camera support costs an extra $2 per month per camera. Both plans are month-to-month with no contract. Both plans include 4G cellular connection with battery backup for data and video, as well as security hardware support for sirens, keypads, motion sensors and water sensors.
$10 monthly plan — This plan is self-monitoring.
$20 monthly plan — This plan will include 24/7 third-party professional monitoring.
To the Editor:
“Hey, That's My Heart,” by Haider Warraich (Op-Ed, May 21), states that medical technologies approved by the Food and Drug Administration lack evidence to demonstrate safety.
In fact, there are numerous ways that federal regulators evaluate the safety of medical technologies, including bench testing; animal studies; batteries of nonclinical tests; and demonstrating conformance with national and international standards.
These sources have been used for decades by the F.D.A — which is widely acknowledged as the gold standard for regulation worldwide — and have continued to be modernized to contribute to an extraordinary safety profile for medical technology.
In addition to the numerous ways that regulators can review evidence of the safety and effectiveness of new medical technologies, the F.D.A. has the authority to require whatever additional evidence it deems necessary, including clinical studies. Ultimately, the American public should have confidence that the bar is set extremely high.
Harrison Ford is a certified pilot, which is nice for him, but is increasingly becoming a danger to the citizens of greater Los Angeles. Just two years ago, the 74-year-old actor made headlines for crashing a single-engine WWII-era plane into the middle of a Venice Beach golf course, hospitalizing himself. That wasn't his first incident, either: In fact, there is an entire page on the website Air Safe (“Key information for air travelers”) dedicated to Ford's checkered flying career. It recounts two other past flying incidents: Ford toppling a helicopter on its side while doing an emergency landing in Santa Clarita in 1999, and grazing a wing during takeoff in Nebraska in 2000.
In Ford's past scrapes, no one except himself has been seriously hurt. But it seems like that's getting increasingly closer to no longer being true. As The Hollywod Reporter reports, the actor–who was certified as a “Living Legend of Aviation” by the Experimental Aircraft Association, and has an award named after him–made a catastrophic error this morning at John Wayne Airport in Orange County. The FAA is reportedly “investigating an incident” in which a private pilot illegally landed on a taxiway, instead of a runway, in the process nearly colliding with a Boeing 737 jet holding 110 passengers and six pilots. NBC News has identified Ford as the pilot in a new report, though the FAA has not confirmed any details.
“Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” Ford reportedly asked air traffic controllers shortly after almost killing a huge group of people. NBC's report claims that Ford read back the correct clearance to the air traffic controller just before landing his plane in exactly not that spot.
Ford did not hit the jet, and no one was hurt; nonetheless, the scenario sounds like Ford was doing method-acting training to star in a Flight sequel. Maybe he should take some of his own advice, eh?
Saraki's trial: Gov Ahmed calls for unity among Nigerians
Kwara State Governor, Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed, has called on Nigerians to unite irrespective of their tribe, religion and ethnic group to move the country forward.
The governor made the call on Wednesday in Ilorin while addressing supporters of Dr Bukola Saraki, President of the Senate, who came to the Government House, on solidarity visit.
Newsmen report that the supporters were rejoicing and jubilating at the victory of the President of the Senate at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT).
The Code of Conduct Tribunal sitting in Abuja on Wednesday had discharged and acquitted Saraki on a case of false declaration of assets, which started in Sept. 2015.
Ahmed said the situation of the country at the moment called for sober reflection and prayer, but it can only get better.
The governor explained that indication and indices are pointing to the end of the current hardship the country is facing.
He called on Nigerians at all levels to put personal sentiments apart and join hands with all arms of government to further fast track the development of the country.
The governor recalled that the CCT judgment has shown that Saraki's colleagues at the Upper Chamber of the National Assembly made the right choice by electing him as the President of the Senate.
In his reaction, the former Chairman of the Education Committee at the Kwara House of Assembly, Alhaji Isiaka Mogaji described the judgment of the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), as victory for democracy.
He thanked politicians and people of the state for their support, prayers and solidarity for the President of the Senate.
Also, the special Adviser to Gov. Abdulfatah Ahmed on Energy, Alhaji Musa Abdullahi described the victory as a testimony to the love Nigerians have for Saraki.
Abdullahi advised mischief makers to have a re-think and join hands with Saraki in his bid to further better the welfare of Nigerians.
The special adviser urged the people of Kwara to intensify prayers for Saraki for more development to come to the state.
The post Saraki's trial: Gov Ahmed calls for unity among Nigerians appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAS VEGAS — In an effort to find a hint of the Las Vegas gunman's motive, investigators are looking into whether he was with a prostitute days before the shooting rampage, a federal official said.
Authorities are also scrutinizing cruises Stephen Paddock took and trying to find some meaning behind a note with numbers written on it that was left in his hotel room.
In addition, the FBI announced Friday that billboards would be put up around the city asking anyone with credible information on last weekend's massacre at a country music festival to call authorities.
More about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history:
THE INVESTIGATION
Investigators believe the 64-year-old Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information, a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years, most of them with his girlfriend, Marilou Danley. At least one sailed to the Middle East.
Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said Friday at a news conference that examinations of Paddock's politics, finances, any possible radicalization and his social behaviour have turned up little information on what led him to rain bullets on a crowd of country music fans Sunday from his 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life.
Billboards set to go up around Las Vegas will urge anyone with information about the shooting to dial 1-800-CALL-FBI.
VICE PRESIDENTIAL VISIT
Vice-President Mike Pence is scheduled to visit Las Vegas on Saturday to take part in a ceremony honouring the victims of last weekend's massacre.
City officials said Friday that the vice-president will speak at an event set for 12:30 p.m. in the City Council chambers.
A community interfaith unity walk to City Hall will be held earlier Saturday.
Organizers plan to release a flock of doves after Pence's speech to commemorate each of the victims.
IS NRA PROPOSAL A TRICK?
Some gun industry experts say the National Rifle Association's push for “bump stocks” to be re-evaluated by the government after the Las Vegas massacre is little more than a ruse to stall any momentum for wider gun control.
Adam Winkler, author of “Gunfight: The Battle over the Right to Bear Arms in America,” said the NRA “can throw a sacrificial lamb of bump stocks because they know that gun owners don't use them or like them.”
The devices, originally intended to help people with disabilities, fit over the stock and pistol grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, mimicking a fully automatic firearm. Bump stocks were found among Paddock's arsenal in his hotel room.
It was not immediately clear whether President Donald Trump or Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who oversees the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, could order it to re-evaluate its judgment about devices.
SECURITY GUARDS RETURN TO WORK
Many members of a private security firm that manned the Route 91 Harvest festival the night of the massacre are returning to work this weekend.
The Las Vegas branch of Contemporary Services Corporation stayed put Sunday when Stephen Paddock began shooting from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino. The unarmed security guards helped lift people over barriers, hid them behind pillars and under the stage, and funneled them to exits.
A 21-year-old CSC guard, Erick Silva, was among the 58 people killed. Two other CSC guards were wounded.
Supervisor Cheryl Metzler worked a UFC weigh-in Friday, her first event since the shooting. She says going back to work with a group she considers family is “the best therapy.”
——
Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo contributed to this report from Las Vegas.
——
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
A recently released report shows how SpaceWorks' proposed “torpor habitat” could cut the size and power of the spacecraft needed for a manned mission to Mars by 55 percent; onboard consumables could be cut by 70 percent. And rather than slowly going stir-crazy in a cramped capsule, the astronauts — and possibly Mars colonists — could dream away the months.
“I haven't seen any other single technology that can have this much of an impact, short of some exotic propulsion system like an antimatter drive,” Bradford says. “This is in a league of its own.”
Rip van Winkle to Mars
Despite its sci-fi aura, SpaceWorks' plan has real-world precedent. Hospitals around the world routinely use a technique called therapeutic hypothermia, in which ice packs, nasal coolants, and related tools drastically reduce a patient's body temperature. The goal is to slow metabolic processes and curb the tissue damage that occurs in the aftermath of cardiac arrest or traumatic brain injury. The patient enters the same kind of torpor that SpaceWorks envisions for astronauts.
But there are some catches.
Dr. Douglas Talk, a California physician and SpaceWorks consultant, notes that therapeutic hypothermia patients shiver as their bodies try to warm up. Keeping astronauts in extended torpor, he says, will require drugs to prevent shivering (which could bring them out of stasis) as well as continuous medical monitoring.
There are also unresolved questions about how long astronauts can remain knocked out without risking physical or mental harm. In hospitals, therapeutic hypothermia is used for no more than 72 hours. Researchers are only beginning to explore what happens after that.
“Small studies show that healthy humans can stay in stasis for up to two weeks with no significant adverse effects,” Talk says. “There's no reason to believe the limit can't be extended.”
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
It's no secret that women lag behind men in wages — making about 83 cents to every dollar a man earns. But new research shows that wage gap widens dramatically by the time they reach their 40s.
Using Census Bureau databases that track individual workers and firms over time, a team of economists finds that at age 25, college-educated women make about 89 percent of what college-educated men do. But that drops to about 57 percent at age 45.
The researchers wanted to find out how much of this 43 percent gap was due to choices women made, as opposed to differing skills or discrimination. While the data doesn't address motherhood directly, the gap clearly widens during women's childbearing years.
First, they looked at differences in earnings as people either stayed in jobs or switched. They found that most of the earnings difference happened when employees stay put — when men and women both stay at the same firm, men have faster earnings growth.
"If all the guys said ‘We also want to see our kids, we also want temporal flexibility,' then this difference wouldn't exist.” Claudia Goldin
But the pay gap also widens when men and women switch jobs: Men get a bigger pay bump when they join a new company, and are somewhat more likely to make the move. Even though women changed jobs almost as frequently as men, the pay bump was especially small for women who were married.
That's in part because a married couple might make choices based on the “primary career,” which is usually the man's, the researchers say. So a joint relocation might benefit the primary career and do little for (or even hurt) the secondary one.
Married women tend to be “more stuck in place” because of family obligations, says Claudia Goldin, an economics professor at Harvard and one of the authors of the study. “You're attached to another person, maybe several people. So is your optimum their optimum? Maybe not.”
In a second study, the researchers looked at how the choice of different occupations came into play. Women are more likely to work in lower-paying jobs like retail or services, and in lower-paying occupations within fields like business.
Still, the researchers said that different occupations accounted for only about a third of the widening gender gap.
The wage gap was less pronounced for people without college degrees. But even there, men earn about 30 percent more from their mid-20s onward.
“They're sort of flat. There's very minimal growth with age. It's not because high school dropouts or high school-educated women do so well, it's more about the men not doing very well,” says Sari Kerr, an economist at Wellesley College and an author of both papers.
Goldin says that the difference for college-educated workers in large part comes down to women choosing flexibility over higher pay, something she calls “choice under constraint.” These women might want to stay in their job but not come in Friday mornings, for example, but because that is not an option for them, they'll take a lower paying job with more flexibility.
Her previous analysis suggests that removing the penalty for flexibility would reduce and perhaps eliminate the gender pay gap.
“Women are disproportionately losing out during these periods of time when families are being formed,” she says. “If there are jobs let's say in finance, where employers put tremendous demands on their workers, and only the guys are the ones who go into those jobs and women go into other sectors or small firms that have more temporal flexibility with lower salaries, it really takes two sides here to make that market. So if all the guys said ‘We also want to see our kids, we also want temporal flexibility,' then this difference wouldn't exist.”
Students and state lawmakers are calling on the University of Wisconsin System's Board of Regents to reconsider plans to take up a resolution that would create new penalties for those who disrupt events on campus. The resolution, scheduled for a vote Friday, comes in response to concerns about student protesters around the country blocking controversial […]
Source: WRN.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
ST. LOUIS — A 19-year-old Iranian woman banned from competing in the name of her county after attending an international competition without an Islamic headscarf has taken her game to St. Louis University.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that Dorsa Derakhshani is now at a freshman at the Missouri school, which has a new but highly ranked chess team of top international players. The biology major decided to accept a full scholarship to play for the university this spring, in the wake of the controversy.
Issues arose when Derakhshani wore a simple headband during a February competition in Gibraltar. She was competing under the oversight of the Iranian Chess Federation, an affiliation that allowed her to enter several championship-cycle tournaments. Iranian law requires women to wear head scarves in public, but she didn't think it would be a problem.
“I don't know why some people have enough free time to worry about what I wear,” Derakhshani said.
She was 18 when she moved to Barcelona, Spain, and recruited by a chess club. She declined to be on Iran's national team sponsored by the government because she didn't want to be controlled by the rules of the team, including wearing a head scarf even while outside Iran.
But days after the Gibraltar tournament, the head of the Iranian Chess Federation said Derakhshani and her 14-year-old brother could no longer play in the country or under Iran's name. He cited Derakhshani's refusal to wear a head scarf and said her brother had played against an Israeli player. Iran doesn't recognize Israel and has a policy of not competing against Israeli athletes.
Derakhshani said her brother was paired by a computer and didn't know the player's nationality before the match.
“It was just cruel,” she said. “He was just a kid. He didn't know what to do.”
Her arrival in St. Louis comes as the city becomes a major player in the chess community. The Chess Club and Scholastic Center of St. Louis, founded by Republican millionaire activist Rex Sinquefield, hosts several national competitions.
Derakhshani said she wants to become a grandmaster, the top designation for a chess player.
MIDLAND CITY, Ala. — On the eve of this state's special Senate election, Republican Roy Moore returned from a six-day campaign hiatus on Monday to attack the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct.
Speaking in a barn-style event center here in "The Wiregrass," the rural and heavily conservative southern tier of the state, Moore portrayed the multiple women as attention-seekers who, he said, "had not come forward" for 40 years but "waited until 30 days before this general election to come forward."
And he asked voters to judge his record against their claims.
"If you don't believe in my character," he said, "don't vote for me."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cory Booker: Roy Moore won't be accepted in the Senate 4:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Earlier in the evening, Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, had put a finer point on the line of argument.
"If you wait too long to tell people, our judicial system says, 'Probably not true,'" Gohmert told the crowd before employing the Biblical story of Jezebel — whose false accusations led to a man's execution and who is often referred to as a prostitute — to underscore his point.
The allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers, have turned what should have been an easy victory for Republicans into a competitive race, and they have made Alabama a focal point for political observers across the country.
Many national Republicans, afraid that a Moore victory could damage their brand heading into next year's mid-term elections and beyond, rescinded their support for him weeks ago. But his base has stuck with him, as have President Donald Trump and Steve Bannon, the Breitbart News executive and former White House chief strategist.
Bannon spoke here Monday night before Moore, calling out four establishment Republicans for criticizing Moore: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell; Alabama Republican Sen. Richard Shelby; former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice; and Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker.
"There's a special place in hell for people who should know better," Bannon said. "They're trying to shut you up."
Former White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon speaks during a campaign rally for Republican candidate for U.S. Senate Judge Roy Moore on December 11, 2017 in Midland City, Alabama. Jonathan Bachman / Reuters
His remarks about Republicans were harsher than his criticism of Moore's opponent, Democrat Doug Jones.
But it was Moore's return to the campaign trail for a last-minute pitch to the faithful here that electrified the crowd. After Bannon spoke, he entered the room to Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Sweet Home Alabama," with his wife, Kayla, at his side.
Kayla Moore sought to assure voters that her husband doesn't have anything against women, African Americans or Jewish people — noting that she is president of her husband's foundation, that he appointed the first black marshal at the Alabama Supreme Court, and that "one of our attorneys is a Jew."
When he took the microphone, Moore appealed to his base of white evangelical Christian voters by casting himself as a man beset by forces who don't share their religion.
"My opposition has always been about my acknowledgment of God," he said.
Similarly, Bannon had invoked God in a set of remarks that largely sought to demonstrate the importance of religious Republicans sending Moore to Washington to help implement Trump's agenda.
Trump's victory, he said, was delivered "by the hand of divine providence."
Trump won Midland City's Dale County with 74 percent of the vote in the 2016 presidential election, and the 46 percent of the GOP primary electorate he took in this county was more than twice the share that went for second-place finisher Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas.
South Korean prosecutors said Monday that the daughter of the confidante of impeached President Park Geun-hye has been arrested in Denmark, and that authorities were working to get her returned home in connection with a huge corruption scandal.
Park was impeached last month by lawmakers amid public fury over prosecutors' allegations that she conspired to allow her longtime friend, Choi Soon-sil, to extort companies and control the government.
Denmark police arrested Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, over the weekend on charges of staying there illegally.
South Korea had asked Interpol to search for Chung because she didn't return home to answer questions about the scandal.
South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported that Chung, a former member of the national equestrian team, allegedly took advantage of her mother's relationship with Park to get unwarranted favors from Seoul's Ewha Womans University.
CHICAGO — Children with a rare, incurable disease that causes rapid aging and early death may live longer if treated with an experimental drug first developed for cancer patients, a study suggests.
The small, preliminary study isn't proof the drug works and it found only a small benefit: Treated children with the disease progeria were more likely than others to survive during the two-year study. But some kids taking the drug in this and other studies have lived into their late teens. Researchers and others say the results suggest a potential breakthrough for a heartbreaking condition that typically kills kids before they reach adulthood.
“Anything we can do to try to provide them hope of a longer life is well worth doing and well worth celebrating,” said Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health, who was not part of the new study. A geneticist, Collins led laboratory experiments that in 2003 identified the genetic basis for the disease, formally known as Hutchinson-Gilford progeria.
Among 27 children with progeria who got the drug lonafarnib, one died during the 2007-2010 study. That's compared with nine of 27 untreated children with the disease. Thirteen of the treated children are still alive; most began taking other experimental drugs too.
“For the first time ever we have a drug that is shown to extend lifespan for children with progeria,” said lead author Dr. Leslie Gordon of Brown University. Her son was a study participant and died in 2014 at age 17.
The results were published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study, conducted at Boston Children's Hospital, was unusually designed, comparing children given the drug with other progeria patients worldwide who weren't enrolled in the study. The untreated kids were matched as closely as possible with study participants by age, gender and other characteristics, but they weren't a standard control group and didn't receive dummy medication.
That design weakens the study conclusions, said Dr. Howard Worman, a Columbia University biologist. “You really cannot say anything ‘worked' without a contemporary placebo control.”
The children in the study were also involved in earlier research testing the same drug combined with two others. Within a period of about five years, survival was extended by about 19 months. It wasn't clear if all three drugs or just one or two of them contributed to the improvement. Lonafarnib also appeared to reduce blood vessel damage.
Average life expectancy for progeria children is about 14 years. Though many die younger, usually from heart attacks or strokes, some lonafarnib-treated kids have lived to their late teens.
For parents, who want to see their children grow up, that sliver of extra time is a bittersweet blessing.
“If you're a mom and you're told that life expectancy is 13 years, that 1.6 years is gold,” said Heather Unsinger. Her 7-year-old daughter, Carly, was a study participant and has been taking lonafarnib since age 3. “But it's really hard to jump up and down.”
Affected children are typically small, bald and fragile-looking but intellectually normal. Carly “has full-throttle dreams” and envisions becoming an art teacher one day, her mom said.
Other kids “always think I'm a baby,” Carly said. But “I'm a regular kid.”
Progeria is caused by a mutation in a gene that regulates production of a protein that helps shape and support the nucleus of cells throughout the body. In normal aging, the protein accumulates in cells but in children with progeria, an abnormal buildup occurs that severely damages cells. Lonafarnib helps block that abnormal buildup.
The disease affects about 1 in 20 million people. It is a chance mutation and isn't inherited. Affected children are born looking healthy, but fail to grow normally, lose body fat and hair and develop aged-looking skin, stiff joints and diseased arteries.
Lonafarnib was initially developed as a potential cancer treatment but without much success. Schering Plough/Merck supplied the study drug; the research was paid for by the Progeria Research Foundation.
Gordon, the lead author, and her husband, Dr. Scott Berns, started the foundation in 1999 after their son, Sam, was diagnosed. She is continuing to study lonafarnib and other drugs in kids with progeria.
University of Washington geneticist Dr. Fuki Hisama predicted that lonafarnib will eventually become standard treatment for progeria, though not a cure.
The study “gives other people the message that there is hope for rare diseases,” said Hisama, who wrote an accompanying journal editorial.
——
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @LindseyTanner. Her work can be found here .
——
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
BOSTON (AP) The daily fantasy sports industry sharply contracted since the online games offered by companies like FanDuel and DraftKings sparked court and legislative battles across the United States last year.
More than two-thirds of companies that existed this time last year have shuttered, changed focus or joined with competitors, according to the Fantasy Sports Trade Association, the industry's lobbying arm.
Among the most prominent examples is the proposed merger between the industry's two largest companies – Boston's DraftKings and New York's FanDuel. That deal, which was announced late last year, is currently being reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission.
At least three notable companies – Fantasy Aces, FantasyHub and FantasyUp – shuttered while still owing players money, prompting other operators to assume their assets and pledge to make customers whole.
Many smaller operators have also quietly folded. At peak last year, 118 member companies offered some form of paid daily fantasy sports, the trade association said. Of those, 81 are no longer offering contests or their status is unknown.
The legal chaos and uncertainty that befell the industry starting with the 2015 NFL season has driven away investors, making it impossible for many startups to continue to raise the financial capital to survive, said Peter Schoenke, the trade association chairman.
The uncertainty also shook out companies not offering much new or distinctive from the competition, added Daniel Barbarisi, author of ”Dueling With Kings,” an inside look at the industry's rise and fall released last month.
”Everyone thought DFS was the next gold rush,” he said. ”It couldn't sustain that level of speculative growth, especially from small operators. Now that the barrier to entry is higher, I'm not surprised at all to see many of them falling by the wayside.”
The legal landscape, meanwhile, remains unsettled, and the industry is again engaged in a costly, state-by-state legislative push. Roughly half of all U.S. states have seen proposals introduced to legalize and regulate the industry.
Arkansas has so far passed new legislation, joining 10 other states from prior years: Colorado, Indiana, Kansas, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, Tennessee and Virginia.
Lawmakers in other states will become receptive to the proposals as they see how the regulations are working in other states, said Marc La Vorgna, a spokesman for DraftKings and FanDuel. ”The evidence is there for legislators,” he said. ”Any uncertainty around the impact of these laws has been removed.”
Indeed New York, one of a handful of states that impose a tax on daily fantasy sports, says it took in nearly $3 million in revenues in the first months of its new law.
DraftKings and FanDuel are again ”investing heavily” in state legislative efforts, La Vorgna said, declining to provide specific tallies for lobbying costs and political donations this year. The trade association is spending ”very little” on direct lobbying this year, said Schoenke, also declining to provide specifics.
During last year's legislative push, DraftKings, FanDuel and the trade association spent at least $500,000 on lobbyists and its employees donated roughly $380,000 to political campaign committees at the state government level, according to the most recent data collected by the National Institute on Money in State Politics in Helena, Montana.
That was a big jump from 2015, when the industry wasn't quite in the crosshairs of regulators. The three entities accounted for at least $275,000 in lobbying and donations that year, up from at least $18,000 in 2014, the institute's data shows.
Some of the laws being considered this year may hasten the industry's consolidation, said Ted Kasten, who has advised several daily fantasy sports startups.
Some states are considering imposing costly licensing fees and other regulatory hurdles that smaller operations complain could put them out of business.
Ryan Huss, co-founder of Syde Fantasy Sports, said he and his partners ended their fantasy sports contests and shifted the company's focus after their home state of Virginia started requiring a $50,000 registration fee.
”The fees seem like more of a deterrent than anything else,” he said. ”Only the largest operators can truly afford to pay them.”
Despite the consolidation, demand for the games still appears healthy.
From 2015 to 2016, the total amount of entry fees paid by players grew 4 percent to about $3.3 billion and net revenues for companies rose about 15 percent to $350 million, according to the California-based gambling research firm Eilers & Krejcik Gaming.
New startups are still emerging, just nowhere near the levels to replace the ones closing down, Schoenke said.
Some new companies say they're in a better position to succeed than their predecessors.
Teague Orgeman, co-founder of Starting 11, a Minneapolis-based daily fantasy soccer site hoping to launch soon, says his company's contest will be more innovative than what's already out there. And, as a practicing attorney, he's prepared to navigate the ever-changing regulatory landscape.
”We see opportunity, not the flip,” Orgeman said. ”We think regulation is a good thing long-term for industry. It really wasn't a deterrent.”
—
Follow Philip Marcelo at twitter.com/philmarcelo. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/philip-marcelo
GUELPH, Ont. — Shares in Canadian Solar Inc. rose Monday after the company revealed it has received a non-binding takeover offer from its chairman, Shawn (Xiaohua) Qu, who is also CEO and president.
Qu is tentatively offering US$18.47 in cash for each share not already owned by him and his wife Hanbing Zhang, who together have about 23.5 per cent of Canadian Solar's stock.
The indicated offer was 7.1 per cent above the closing price of US$17.25 on Nasdaq on Friday. The stock was up $1.10 or six per cent at US$18.35 shortly after the market opened Monday.
Qu said in a Dec. 9 letter distributed on Monday that he wants to take Canadian Solar private using a combination of debt, the equity owned by him and his wife and potentially third-party equity sponsors.
“I believe that the transaction will provide superior value to the company's shareholders as compared to remaining a publicly traded company,” said Qu, who added that he's not interested in selling his stake.
Canadian Solar said its board has formed a committee of independent and disinterested directors to consider the proposal.
Its shares have been mostly below US$20 since March 2016, well off their most recent highs in early 2014.
Founded in 2001 and publicly traded on Nasdaq since 2006, Canadian Solar is one of the world's largest solar power equipment manufacturers and solar utility developers.
Polish authorities have charged a Tunisian citizen with murder in the stabbing death of a 21-year-old Polish man on New Year's Eve, a case that sparked violent protests over the weekend.
The trouble began Saturday evening when the Pole, identified only as Daniel, got into a quarrel with the employees of a kebab restaurant in Elk, in northeastern Poland.
Prosecutor Wojciech Piktel said Monday that investigators are still unsure of all the circumstances, but it appears Daniel took two bottles of a beverage from the restaurant without paying. In the ensuing brawl, a 26-year-old cook in the restaurant used his knife to deliver two fatal stabs to Daniel.
The following evening people protesting the man's death threw stones at store windows and at police, sparking the arrest of 28 people.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming he was fired after false allegations that he groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when she reported an assault she truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
President Trump traveled to Washington DC today and delivered specific remarks surrounding the weekend violence in Charlottesville Virginia. This is the second set of remarks to condemn violence, bigotry and hatred.
[Transcript] – 12:38 P.M. EDT – THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. I'm in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker. And it's about time.
Our economy is now strong. The stock market continues to hit record highs, unemployment is at a 16-year low, and businesses are more optimistic than ever before. Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them. We have already created over one million jobs since I took office.
We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon, but, based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.
I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.
As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before: No matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws, we all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God. We must love each other, show affection for each other, and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry, and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.
We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under our Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.
Two days ago, a young American woman, Heather Heyer, was tragically killed. Her death fills us with grief, and we send her family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love.
We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community, their commonwealth, and their country. Troopers Jay Cullen and Burke Bates exemplify the very best of America, and our hearts go out to their families, their friends, and every member of American law enforcement.
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation. In times such as these, America has always shown its true character: responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.
As a candidate, I promised to restore law and order to our country, and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans, and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts, and to express the love and joy in their souls.
Thank you. God bless you. And God blesses America. Thank you very much.
END – 12:43 P.M. EDT
Advertisements
Lee insists that Congress has abdicated its responsibility for too long and that the U.S. is playing too significant a role in Yemen's civil war to allow it to go unchecked.
“I would like to see the Senate exercising its prerogative in the war declaration process,” Lee said in a phone interview. “The power to declare war was granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8. There are few things that are more consequential than the power to decide when a nation goes to war.”
The U.S. is providing intelligence, reconnaissance and midair fighter refueling for Saudi Arabia, which is fighting on behalf of the Yemeni government in what some say has become a proxy war against Iran, which is supporting the Houthi rebels in that nation.
The U.S. military is currently investigating a botched U.S. raid Trump authorized just five days after his inauguration last year that resulted in the death of a Navy SEAL and a number of civilians, including women and children.
McConnell has enlisted the Defense Department in the effort to stop the measure, asking the Pentagon to detail their opposition in a letter. The Pentagon's acting general counsel, William S. Castle, wrote that the resolution would “undermine our ability to foster long-term” military relationships with allies. The Pentagon also argued that the resolution's “premise is flawed” and that the U.S. role in Yemen is too “limited” to require congressional approval.
Additionally, the administration conducted an all-member briefing last week to persuade senators that the U.S. mission has been successful and limits imposed by Congress would harm American security and further exacerbate civilian atrocities. The meeting was led by Deputy Secretary of State John J. Sullivan; Maj. Gen. Buck Elton of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; and the deputy undersecretary of defense for policy, John C. Rood.
Murphy called the briefing “incredibly misleading.”
“That is the most frustrating briefing I've been in as a member of Congress," he said. "That wasn't a briefing; that was spin about what great things were going on, how the Saudi's desperately want a negotiated solution, about how we are making civilian casualties much less severe.”
He added, “So I thought that briefing was a blatant effort to ignore reality without any discussion of the real subtleties of the fight inside Yemen.”
The senators are using a mechanism, known as a privileged resolution, for the first time in Senate history to force a vote, enabling them to overcome the objections of colleagues, including McConnell, who controls what is brought to the Senate floor.
But its prospects of passage are dim. Even senators inclined to limit the presidential war powers are questioning the resolution and its potential impact.
“This is the first time this particular provision has been used, so it's a case of first impression," Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, said. "Secondly, it sets a precedent about how you define hostilities that's going to go far beyond the Yemen issue. Thirdly, there's the policy question about what's happening in Yemen, both on the humanitarian side and the Iranian side.”
“Those are all elements that you have to consider," Menendez said.
A Republican critic of the measure, Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, a longtime proponent of congressional oversight of war, said it doesn't go far enough. He opposes a carve-out allowing U.S. missions against Al Qaeda to continue. The actual size of the U.S. presence is classified but there is a small contingent of military personnel on the ground to fight the terrorist organization.
“If you do that, the whole resolution, if it passed, might be moot because the president could simply argue, ‘Well, the action over there is against Al Qaeda.' So they've defeated their whole purpose,” Paul said.
Congress has been wrangling with the executive branch over military incursions since Congress gave the president authorization to fight terrorism in 2001 in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The Trump administration, like the Bush and Obama administrations before it, is saying it doesn't need congressional approval for each new conflict involving terrorist organizations.
A second resolution being discussed in the Foreign Relations Committee, proposed by Sens. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., and Todd Young, R-Ind., is a pared-down alternative that expands the number of exemptions beyond just Al Qaeda. It also allows U.S. force against ISIS and Iranian “terrorist activities” in Yemen. Critics say it is too weak, while supporters say it has a far better chance of passing the Senate.
The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a nonbinding resolution in November condemning the U.S.'s involvement in Yemen, but efforts to pass a stronger measure that would force the president's hand have gone nowhere.
CORRECTION (March 19, 2018, 6:02 p.m. ET): A previous version of this article contained an incorrect estimate of the number of U.S. military personnel on the ground in Yemen to fight Al Qaeda. The U.S. government has not revealed how many service members are in Yemen, a figure that is classified.
In brief: Musk has officially announced his intentions to compete for a contract to build a high-speed loop in Chicago, through his venture The Boring Company. Not a hyperloop, this railway system will instead use electric pods.
A BORING LOOP
Surprise, surprise — Elon Musk has announced another major new project via Twitter. This time, Musk has revealed a project within his drilling venture, The Boring Company. The company, according to Musk, will “compete to fund, build & operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago O'Hare Airport to downtown.”
The Boring Company will compete to fund, build & operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago O'Hare Airport to downtown https://t.co/bRqKpzSJjz — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) November 30, 2017
The goal of the new system, according to the Chicago Sun-Times, is to shuttle Chicago residents between downtown and O'Hare airport in less than 20 minutes — half the time of the current commute. Musk and his competitors for the Chicago contract will have to include both a downtown and airport station, as well as a maintenance facility, and have a plan in place to minimize “potential conflicts or impacts on existing transportation systems and the environment.”
A part of the “O'Hare express project,” this concept has been a dream and goal of Chicago's elected officials for many years. In fact, Chicago's former Mayor, Richard M. Daley, tried to convince Chinese investors to build the railway system stemming from the Block 37 super-station. But until now, this concept has remained an ambitious, lofty hope — right up Elon Musk's alley.
A NON-HYPER LOOP
The Sun-Times notes that top mayoral aides took a trip to Los Angeles earlier this year, to discuss the hyperloop option with Musk. Current Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanual has expressed enthusiasm over hyperloop technology, and previously said that Musk was “very interested.”
However, Musk has clarified that the Chicago system would not actually be a hyperloop. He explained the distinction on Twitter, saying that “A Loop is like a Hyperloop, but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube. Don't need to get rid of air friction for short routes.”
Can you clarify what's a "high-speed loop"? I assume we are not talking hyperloop? Is it the previously unveiled electric skate concept? — Fred Lambert (@FredericLambert) November 30, 2017
Instead of the vacuum-pods that are part of Hyperloop's signature, this venture will instead use electric pods to transport people.
There are very few details about the current status of this venture, but we hope to soon learn more about the future of high-speed, public transport in Chicago.
"Elon Musk Will Compete to Build New Chicago Transportation System" was originally published by Futurism, LLC on Nov. 30, 2017 by Chelsea Gohd. Copyright 2017. Futurism, LLC. All rights reserved.
Starting the season with a win, the Joel Barlow High girls golf team defeated Weston 227-238 at Aspetuck Valley Country Cub on Monday, April 17.
Molly Healey led Barlow with a round of 49 for nine holes and was the medalist for the match. Jessica Huminski shot a 57, a stroke ahead of Madison Amente.
Elena Boask shot a 63. Also playing in the match, Shannon Gilbert had a 74.
Halley Melito led Weston with a 54.
French police have not yet said if the crash that killed a girl was deliberate. (Source: BFMTV/CNN)
By ANGELA CHARLTON and OLEG CETINICAssociated Press
SEPT-SORTS, France (AP) - A man believed to be under the influence of drugs - and possibly suicidal - deliberately rammed his car into a pizzeria east of Paris on Monday night, killing an adolescent girl and injuring her younger brother and 12 others, authorities said.
The driver was immediately arrested in what was the latest of several attacks in France and elsewhere using a vehicle as a weapon. The local prosecutor said the man's actions in the dinnertime attack in the town of Sept-Sorts were clearly deliberate, but not terrorism-related.
The girl and her brother were among restaurant patrons eating on the outdoor terrace of Pizzeria Cesena when a man in a BMW accelerated toward them, an official with the national gendarme service told The Associated Press. Some officials said the girl was 13, while the prosecutor said she was 12.
The girl died immediately, and her brother's injuries were considered life-threatening, according to a gendarme official, who was not authorized to be quoted by name.
Deputy regional prosecutor Eric de Valroger said a 3-year-old boy was flown by helicopter to France's premier children's hospital in Paris and 12 other people were also hospitalized, four in serious condition.
Speaking to reporters near the attack site, de Valroger said he had opened a homicide investigation. At this stage, he said, "I rule out a terrorist motive."
He called it "highly probable" that the driver was under the influence of drugs and that he left the road and deliberately aimed his car at restaurant-goers. De Valroger identified the attacker as a 31-year-old from the nearby town of La Ferte-sous-Jouarre.
The suspect is believed to have tried to kill himself last week, French Interior Ministry Pierre-Henry Brandet said on BFM television. Brandet said the man was not known to intelligence or police.
Explosives experts combed the area and found no weapon other than the car itself, according to the prosecutor.
Witnesses to the incident were being given emergency counseling.
A police official said authorities were not searching for accomplices, and a security official said there was no evidence of a political or Islamic extremist motive.
The targeted pizzeria is in a shopping zone in the small town of Sept-Sorts, about 65 kilometers (40 miles) east of Paris near Champagne country. Police cordoned off a large area, and BFM reported that a nearby Chinese restaurant was requisitioned to take in victims and survivors.
The incident on a quiet August night on the eve of a national holiday reignited fears after multiple attacks in which a vehicle was the weapon of choice. An Algerian man with unclear motives drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week, and an Islamic extremist truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago.
French President Emmanuel Macron and his government expressed condolences and support for the victims and survivors of Monday's attack, according to an Interior Ministry statement.
___
Associated Press writer Angela Charlton reported this story from Paris and AP videographer Oleg Cetinic reported in Sept-Sorts.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi's governor signed a law Monday banning most abortions after 15 weeks' gestation, the tightest restrictions in the nation.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
House Bill 1510's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Gov. Phil Bryant outlines his legislative priorities during the State of the State address on Jan. 9, 2018, in House Chambers at the Capitol in Jackson, Mississippi. Rogelio V. Solis / AP file
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
The state is bracing for immediate lawsuits. Abortion rights advocates say the law is unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic in Jackson opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
Dead razor grass and masked fencing at the entrance to the Jackson Women's Health Organization clinic in Jackson, Mississippi, on March 8, 2018. The facility is currently the state's only abortion clinic. Rogelio V. Solis / AP
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We're thrilled that Mississippi lawmakers are taking a step to protect the basic right to life, as well as protecting maternal health," said Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Why it matters to you If the next instalments of American Crime Story are on your must-watch list, you will want to know about these scheduling switches.
The bad news: Those who were looking forward to the second American Crime Story installment covering the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina will have to wait a little longer. The good news: While the Katrina-themed series has been delayed, the one chronicling the murder of Gianni Versace, has been pushed up, reports Variety.
FX says The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story, will now be the second season of the anthology series, while Katrina: American Crime Story, originally scheduled for season 2, will now air as the third season of the true crime series.
Production on the Versace-themed series began in April and it is scheduled to air on the network sometime in early 2018. It covers the murder of the iconic Italian fashion designer in front of his Miami Beach home by serial killer Andrew Cunanan, who was in the midst of a killing spree. Cunanan murdered at least five people that year and took his own life shortly after murdering Versace. Edgar Ramirez (The Girl on the Train) will play Versace, and Darren Criss (Glee) will portray Cunanan. Penelope Cruz will tackle the role of Gianni's sister Donatella Versace, and Ricky Martin will play Gianni's partner, Antonio D'Amico.
Katrina, meanwhile, will not begin production until next year, but Dennis Quaid has already been tapped to play George W. Bush and Annette Bening will play Kathleen Blanco, the governor of Louisiana at the time of the devastating hurricane. In 2005, Hurricane Katrina was the costliest natural disaster and considered one of the five deadliest hurricanes in the history of the U.S. More than 1,000 lives were lost as a result of the hurricane and floods that it caused.
The inaugural American Crime Story was The People v. O.J. Simpson, which received tremendous accolades, including nine Emmy Awards. A future season has also been confirmed to explore the Bill Clinton-Monica Lewinsky political scandal.
American Crime Story is executive produced by Ryan Murphy, the man behind other small-screen successes like Glee, American Horror Story, and Scream Queens.
HOUSTON — Thousands of Houston-area residents still recovering from financial hardships caused by flooding from Harvey nearly six weeks ago lined up outside the city's convention centre on Friday to meet the application deadline for state disaster food relief benefits.
Residents like Fayne Manuel who waited for hours in a line that snaked around the convention centre and under a highway said the assistance will help them feed their families as they continue making up for lost wages and unexpected expenses due to Harvey.
“I don't have the resources to go and just do full on grocery shopping because once Harvey went over, I still had to pay so many things to try to catch up and replace and to get back to anywhere near normal,” said Manuel, 43, a medical supply delivery driver who didn't work for two weeks and whose home was flooded after Harvey inundated the Houston-area with days of rainfall in late August. “This right here will help suffice what I lost.”
Like Manuel, many who stood in line brought foldable chairs, umbrellas and water bottles as they waited to apply for benefits from the Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or D-SNAP, at the George R. Brown Convention Center, which during Harvey was used as a shelter that housed up to 10,000 people.
D-SNAP is part of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, the federal nutrition program formerly known as food stamps, that lets individuals buy food at grocery stores and other locations. D-SNAP provides short-term benefits for eligible families recovering from a natural disaster. Eligibility is based on household size and meeting income guidelines. Applicants must also be from a county that has been declared a federal disaster area.
More than 260,000 individuals in Harris County, where Houston is located, have applied for the benefits.
Wayne Salter, associate commissioner of Texas Health and Human Services, said D-SNAP will help people who might not have applied for such benefits before, but after Harvey now need some help because they “had to divert the amount they would have spent for food to repair the roof or meet insurance deductibles.”
The average amount a household of four will get under the program is $1,298. The amount a household gets is a one-time award. Individuals who receive SNAP benefits and who are in a county declared a disaster area got an increase in their benefits due to Harvey.
Normally, the state spends about five days taking such applications after a natural disaster but because of Houston's size, officials have spent 15 days accepting applications in Harris County, Salter said. Houston is the nation's fourth-largest city.
Friday was the last day to apply for D-SNAP in Harris County. Most of the 39 counties declared federal disaster areas after Harvey have closed their application periods.
The application deadline was extended by a day in Harris County due to longer than expected lines at many of the locations, including some community centres, which had been accepting applications through Thursday.
Salter said officials had sufficient staff at these locations but some of the long lines were due to the logistics of the centres.
“We prepared for the masses. But always, you don't know what you are going to have until you show up and you open the doors,” Salter said.
Elizabeth Johnson, 37, who works at Home Depot, said the benefits will be “a huge help” and that they are an important part of helping families like hers who were flooded recover from Harvey.
“Don't be afraid to ask … accept the help,” she said.
——
Follow Juan A. Lozano on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/juanlozano70
Audiobus is an essential tool that can route audio between apps on your iPad or iPhone, and even let you remote control another device. Here's how to use it.
(via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens)
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Tesla has been struggling to rein in mounting losses, with CEO Elon Musk pressing hard to accelerate production of its new Model 3 battery sedan — but at what cost? Employees are alleging the electric carmaker is tolerating serious quality problems at its Fremont, California assembly plant.
As Musk foretold last year, the Model 3 has created “manufacturing hell” since it was officially put into production in July 2016. While Musk originally promised to be building 20,000 of the compact battery-cars by the end of last year, production was running at just a fraction of that. The goal now is to reach an output of 2,500 vehicles a month by the end of this quarter and 5,000 by the end of June.
Elon Musk speaks onstage at "Elon Musk Answers Your Questions!" during SXSW at ACL Live on March 11, 2018 in Austin, Texas. Diego Donamaria / Getty Images for SXSW
But Tesla is facing other problems, including the recent departure of three of its top financial executives. Tesla has lost a steady stream of top talent over the last several years, and many analysts — as well as some of those who have left the company — are putting the blame on Musk himself.
Reports of serious quality problems have circulated ever since Tesla launched the Model 3. But it has gone more slowly than even Tesla's harshest critics anticipated. Some of the problems have been traced to the company's Gigafactory battery plant in Reno, Nevada. But a report by CNBC indicates it is far broader than just defective lithium-ion packs.
“One current Tesla engineer estimated that 40 percent of the parts made or received at its Fremont factory require rework,” CNBC reported Wednesday. In some cases, parts need to be shipped back out of the plant for rework. In other cases, it appears vehicles are being pulled off the line for repairs before being shipped to buyers.
Related: Is Tesla's Model 3 likely to sink the company?
An industry insider, speaking to NBC News on background, said this approach was frequently used by traditional automakers in years past, especially Detroit's Big Three. “The problem is that you can never be sure you catch everything before it is shipped to the customer.”
That point is underscored by the ongoing quality issues involving Tesla's older Model X battery-SUV. After several years of production it was still rated as the having the worst quality and reliability of any vehicle on the U.S. market in the latest annual survey of products and brands by Consumer Reports magazine.
While the Model X is a more expensive vehicle, “Its buyers are willing to be more tolerant” of problems than those who purchase the Model 3, Tesla's first mainstream-priced model, said David Sullivan, a senior automotive analyst with AutoPacific.
For now, Tesla has to worry about losing some of the estimated 400,000 potential buyers who have plunked down $1,000 deposits for the Model 3. Some original buyers are now expected to have to wait until at least 2019 to take delivery.
There have been reports that some of them are now asking for refunds and looking at green alternatives. General Motors officials hinted at that when, last week, CEO Mary Barra announced that the Detroit automaker would increase production of its own mainstream EV, the Chevrolet Bolt due to rising demand.
Related: Mainstream automakers are gearing up to challenge Tesla's dominance
Further complicating matters for Tesla are the impending arrival of a slew of new long-range electric vehicles targeting a wide range of vehicle segments. GM, for one, plans to have two more models in showrooms by mid-2019. Volkswagen, meanwhile, is rolling out an array of offerings from its many brands. That includes an entirely new sub-brand, dubbed Volkswagen I.D., as well as the Mission E sports car from Porsche, and the Audi E-tron SUV.
Earlier this week, Volkswagen announced orders for $25 billion worth of batteries and battery components — dwarfing the $17.5 billion in spending plans at Tesla.
VW CEO Matthias Mueller said that there will be new battery-powered models launched “virtually every month,” as the new program ramps up, adding that “This is how we intend to offer the largest fleet of electric vehicles in the world.”
The longer the delays in fixing the Model 3 problems, observers warn, the more Tesla is at risk of being overwhelmed by traditional competitors with deep pockets.
“What can I do to help?” is the question the Toledo community is asking when referring to Tuesday's massive fire at the Watcher Building in uptown Toledo.
The uptown community's initial reaction to the fire was shock, since this was their first experience with tragedy.
"There were people on the street, on the sidewalks on the corners, people were watching, people were crying. But within the first 30 minutes to an hour we all just came together and started getting supplies together,” said Megan Aherne with Handmade Toledo.
The same effort carried over into the next day. Only about 100 yards away from the charred building, Handmade Toledo set up shop as a drop off location for much-needed supplies.
"We've had a ton of donations! Toledo is really coming through," said Aherne.
The Attic and House of Dow on Adams Street also volunteered space for collections throughout the day Wednesday.
"When you hear about something that happened in the community, whether you work down there or you live down there you feel like you have to do something, because you feel like without community, who are we? I know I only donated a little bit but I'm hoping at the very least a little bit can go a long way," said donating community member Sean Koogan.
The Attic which sits right across the street from the Watcher Building, is also planning a fund raising event Saturday, June 17, with proceeds going towards fire relief.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2016 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is looking to the Middle East and North Africa for broader contributions and new ideas to fight Islamic extremism as the Trump administration fleshes out its counterterrorism strategy.
His trip to the region this week includes stops with longstanding allies Israel and Saudi Arabia, and new partners like Djibouti.
As the administration enhances its efforts, Mattis has made a point of consulting counterparts around the world. His goals include expanding the American-led coalition against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria, but also combatting al-Qaida. Its Yemen branch is posing particular worry as it uses ungoverned spaces in the Arab world's poorest country to plan attacks on the U.S.
The Pentagon has said Mattis will be discussing ways to “defeat extremist terror organizations.”
BRAMPTON, ON – Hankook Tire is reporting higher sales but lower profits in the second quarter of 2017, in the face of rising raw material costs.
Compared to the previous quarter, sales climbed 1.7% to $1.98 billion. Operating profits dropped 12.3% to $242.6 million. Compared to the same period last year, overall sales were down 3.5%, and operating profits were down 34.4%.
Hankook products include passenger, light truck, SUV, winter, medium truck, and bus tires.
Submitted by Assoc. Editor on Tue, 06/13/2017 - 3:34pm
Submitted by the Greater Pine Island Civic Association
The Greater Pine Island Civic Association (GPICA) was created more than 40 years ago as a voice for residents and business owners, advocating for the health, safety and quality of life in our community. Today, as residents of St. James City, Pine Island Center, Pineland, Bokeelia, Matlacha, Matlacha Isles and Cape Royal, we have an important decision to make about our future.
Over the decades, GPICA has worked to preserve and maintain a desirable, livable community that promotes smart growth and preserves sensitive natural areas by working with Island residents to develop a future land-use plan "the Pine Island Plan" governing growth rules.
Over the past two years, these protections have been put at risk:
After legal challenges to the Pine Island Plan, the Lee County Commission revised it in 2016 to allow greater building densities.
On Dec. 12, 2016, the City of Cape Coral annexed six parcels covering 5.47 acres in Matlacha. Members of the Greater Pine Island Community had no say in the vote and, under Cape zoning rules, the city could add additional boat ramps, a marina and buildings up to eight stories tall. In addition to the public safety risks that increased building densities pose to the Island during hurricane evacuations, they also risk the coastal-rural way of life that embodies our community.
In response, GPICA is studying whether Island residents could better control our destiny by incorporating as our own town. GPICA hired BJM Consulting, Inc., to conduct an initial feasibility study to explore whether incorporation would be financially possible. We also completed an analysis of the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats (SWOT) related to incorporation and today were sharing highlights of our initial findings. (Full reports can be found at www.gpica.org).
We are also asking for your help. Enclosed you will find an envelope where you can vote on whether we continue investigating the idea of incorporating Greater Pine Island. We ask that you simply answer, share you email address if you have one, seal the envelope and drop it in the mail. Postage is paid; you wont need a stamp.
We will use this unofficial ballot as a gauge of community interest and support. It is a non-binding vote and you may change your opinion on incorporation later. The findings will help us decide our next steps in our efforts to protect and preserve our community. Your voice matters!
Please let us know what you think.
We thank you for your help,
Greater Pine Island Civic Association Board Members: Roger Wood, President, with members Claudia Bringe, Carol Crane, Bryan Crane, Tim Heitz, Nancy Hindenach, Greg Lehman, Nadine Slimak, Scott Wilkinson
GPICA Incorporation Subcommittee Members: Noel Andress, Ken Cox, Michael Dreikorn, Mike Shevlin, MaryKay Stevens, Greg Stuart
Pine Island Incorporation: Frequently Asked Questions.
Q: Why incorporate?
A: To give our citizens local control over land use and protect us from future annexations by Cape Coral.
Q: What area would be incorporated?
A: As currently proposed, it would be contiguous with the boundaries of the Matlacha Pine Island Fire Control District (see map to the right).
Q: Will my taxes go up?
A: No. Not according to our initial fiscal forecast.
Q: Wont government just get bigger?
A: No. GPICA envisions a government light concept with minimal local government staff that would contract with Lee County to continue to provide services at our current level.
Q: How will we pay for services?
A: We are a donor community to Lee County. That means we pay more in taxes than we receive in services the county keeps our excess tax dollars. As a town, all the taxes would come directly to us. We would then contract with the county to provide services (police, streets, waste, permitting, parks, library, etc.) at the current levels. The surplus would pay the cost of our local government and provide a rainy day fund under our local control. (Note: water and fire are already provided by our own special districts and schools are provided by the Lee County School District this would not change.)
Q: Would property taxes be our only revenues?
A: No. As a town, we would be eligible for state revenue sharing funds, franchise fees from utilities and able to negotiate with the County for a share of the communication services tax.
Q: What are the projected revenues and expenses?
A: With our millage rate remaining the same at 0.8398 mils, the BJM study best case scenario projects revenues of $3.24 million in three years and $3.44 million in five years; expenses of $2.45 million and $2.7 million in three and five years and $2.49 million and $4.05 million in reserves. (The study also projected middle-case and worst-case scenarios, available at our website: www.gpica.org)
Q: Whats next?
A: We need to know whether voters support incorporation. Please fill out the information on the envelope, seal it and drop it in the mail. Postage is included; you donâ€™t need a stamp.
Q: Will there be a formal vote?
A: Yes! After this poll, the next step would be to create a charter defining the purpose and goals of the town, including our purpose to be a small government that represents Matlacha, Matlacha Isles, Pine Island Center, Pineland, Bokeelia, St. James City and Cape Royal. Residents will be able to voice their opinions during this process. After our SWFL delegation (state Representatives & Senators) approves, it is presented for a vote of the full state Senate and House. Once that is approved, the Governor signs the bill and it comes back to our community voters for a full referendum.
SUVs are extremely popular in the United States right now. So popular, in fact, that Nissan may pull a model from its European lineup to augment its U.S. squad of utility vehicles.
The Nissan Qashqai will make its U.S. debut at the 2017 Detroit Auto Show next week, reports The Truth About Cars. The Qashqai (it's pronounced “Cash-kai”) first appeared in 2007, and is now Nissan's bestselling European model. But can Nissan replicate that success on this side of the Atlantic?
The Qashqai reportedly won't displace an existing model in Nissan's U.S. lineup, so it will likely slot below the Rogue as a competitor to subcompact crossovers like the Honda HR-V, Mazda CX-3, and Chevrolet Trax, as well as the new Ford EcoSport and Toyota C-HR. Nissan helped create this segment with its Juke, but that model doesn't offer the practicality of the newer competition, instead emphasizing funky styling.
More: Infiniti QX50 concept slated for Detroit debut
Unlike the Juke, the Qashqai looks more like a conventional SUV. In fact, it looks a lot like the Nissan Rogue, but it is appreciably smaller. It's about 10 inches shorter than the Rogue, although its wheelbase is only 2.3 inches shorter, making for efficient use of space. Anyone who sees the two cars side by side will know they are different, but in photos it's harder to tell.
In Europe, the Qashqai is offered with a mix of gasoline and diesel four-cylinder engines, but expect only gasoline options and a continuously variable transmission for the U.S. Those items could be shared with other U.S.-spec Nissan models. The Qashqai is currently built at Nissan's Sunderland, U.K., plant; it's unclear if Nissan would import it or set up a U.S. production site as well.
If SUV popularity remains at its current heights, Nissan may need a second factory to keep up with demand. That is, unless the Qashqai doesn't prove as popular with American buyers as it has with their European counterparts. We'll have a better idea of Nissan's plans when the 2017 Detroit Auto Show opens next week.
Country icon Willie Nelson had to cut short a concert in Salt Lake City Sunday after suffering respiratory issues.
The 84-year-old singer later took to twitter to tell fans, "The altitude just got to me."
The 20,000-capacity USANA Amphitheater is located in West Valley City, Utah, a suburb of Salt Lake City, with an altitude of 4,300 feet.
Willie Nelson performs during The 2017 Outlaw Festival at Joe Louis Arena on July 8, 2017 in Detroit, Michigan. Scott Legato / Getty Images
The tweet posted after the concert read: "This is Willie. I am very sorry to have to cut the Salt Lake City performance short tonight. The altitude just got to me. I am feeling a lot better now and headed for lower ground."
Texas-born Nelson has recorded more than 60 albums, written songs such as "Crazy," and appeared in more than 30 movies and TV shows.
Known for his honky-tonk tunes and hippie flair, Nelson rose to prominence in the late 1960s and early 1970s. His fame has transcended genres with the release of hits such as “Always on My Mind” and “On the Road Again,” in the 1980s.
Both songs peaked within the Billboard Hot 100, and throughout his career Nelson has had 20 No. 1 hits and 114 chart singles, according to the Country Music Hall of Fame. The Billboard charts rank Nelson as the No. 3 greatest of all time country singer after George Strait and Merle Haggard.
Machine Learning Provides the Answers
The newest data science approach to managing and optimizing virtual infrastructures applies the AI discipline of machine learning (ML).
Rather than monitoring individual components in the traditional computer science way, ML tools analyze the behavior of interrelated components. They track the normal patterns of these complex behaviors as they change over time. Machine learning-based analytics tools automatically identify the root causes of performance issues and recommend the steps needed to fix them.
This shift to a data-centric, behavior-based approach has major implications that significantly empower IT professionals. IT pros will always need domain expertise in computer science. But what analytical skills will IT need to become effective in this new AI-driven world?
Unlike earlier analytics tools were general purpose or provided relatively low-level primitives or APIs, leaving IT to determine how to apply them for specific purposes. Early tools were largely impractical because they had limited applicability. Moreover, IT pros using them had to have a deep analytical background. New tools are much different. They allow IT pros to leapfrog ahead -to use advanced data science approaches without specialized training. They automatically deliver fast, accurate solutions to complex problems like root cause analysis, rightsizing, or capacity planning.
Read the entire article here, Part 2- AI: It's All About the Data: The Shift from Computer Science to Data Science
via the fine folks at SIOS.
Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) said that its sales in Europe rose 14% in March, as the global SUV boom continued to drive growth for the Blue Oval in the Old World.
Continue Reading Below
The raw numbers: Ford gained share in the heart of Europe
Last month, Ford sold about 199,900 vehicles in the 20 Western and Central European markets — the “Euro 20” — that it considers its core market in Europe. That's up 14.3% from March 2016. Ford's market share in the Euro 20 rose to 9.2% in March, up 0.3 percentage points from a year ago — and good enough to makeFord the second-best-selling “nameplate” in Europe, afterVolkswagen.
For Europe as a whole, including Russia, Turkey, the former Soviet republics, and the countries of Eastern Europe — the “Euro 50” — Ford sold about 215,900 vehicles in March. That's up 12.7% from a year ago. Ford's market share in the Euro 50 also rose 0.3 percentage points in March, to 8.9%.
European sales of the Ford Kuga, a sibling of the Escape, rose 45% in March. Image source: Ford Motor Company.
What worked and what didn't for Ford in Europe in March
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The big story is a theme that's been playing out for a few quarters now. Historically, Ford offered a small portfolio of models in Europe, mostly sedans. It has recently expanded its European model range to include several of its well-regarded SUV models — and European buyers like what they've seen.
Sales of the small Ecosport crossover SUV rose 46% from a year ago, the one-size-up Kuga (twin to the U.S.-market Escape) jumped 45% with just over 21,000 sold, and the bigger Edge added another 2,300 to the total.
Ford's two perennial best-sellers in Europe, the Fiesta (sales up 12% to about 47,000) and Focus (up 8.8% to just over 33,000), also did well in a market that — like the U.S. and China — is increasingly favoring crossover SUVs over traditional sedans.
These are profitable sales, too. Ford noted that its ‘high-series vehicles,” meaning those with upper-level luxury or performance trims, represented 68% of its passenger sales in Europe in March. That's up 4 percentage points from a year ago.
Ford's commercial vehicles, the Transit line of vans and the Ranger pickup, also did well: Sales rose 9% to about 43,700 in March, good for 15% market share in the Euro 20.
What didn't work? It's a very short list: Sales of the midsize Mondeo sedan, the European-market twin of the Fusion, fell about 18% from a year ago. As with its U.S. sibling, the Mondeo is the principal victim of that shift in buyer preferences toward SUVs.
Analysis: A good first quarter for Ford in Europe
The analysis here is short and sweet: Ford's sales gains in Europe outpaced the overall market's increase in the first quarter, and the gains came primarily from Ford's more profitable product lines. That suggests that we'll see a solidly profitable result when Ford reports its first-quarter earnings later this month. Ford earned a solid $1.2 billion before taxes in Europe in 2016.
Ford's sales rose 9.4% in the Euro 20 in the first three months of 2017, ahead of a 7.9% gain for the overall market. In the full Euro 50, Ford's sales rose 8.3% through March, versus a 6.8% gain for the market as a whole.
Keep in mind, the first quarter of 2016 was a terrific quarter for Ford in Europe. Ford appears to have built on that success in 2017.
What's next for Ford: Earnings
The Blue Oval will report its first-quarter 2017 results before the bell on Thursday, April 27.
10 stocks we like better than Ford
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Ford wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
John Rosevear owns shares of Ford. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ford. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Have your say
Here are the latest Championship transfer rumours from around the web...
Leeds United chase Toon stopper
Karl Darlow.
Leeds United are interested in signing Newcastle United goalkeeper Karl Darlow, according to Chronicle Live.
Elsewhere from the world of football...
Manchester United are prepared to offer Real Madrid £121m for Gareth Bale. (AS)
Manchester United and Chelsea are both interested in Barcelona's Spanish left-back Jordi Alba. (Sport)
Former Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri has told Chelsea he wants to sign Inter Milan centre forward Mauro Icardi, if he is made Blues boss. (Corriere dello Sport)
Manchester City reckon they can sign Leicester's ARiyad Mahrez for a knockdown price of £60m this summer. (The Sun)
Roma will demand £79m for goalkeeper Alisson but won't respond to Liverpool's advances for the 25-year-old Brazilian until after the World Cup. (The Guardian)
Real Madrid are favourites to beat Arsenal to the signature of Atletico Madrid defender Jose Gimenez, and plan to active his £53m release clause. (Talksport)
New Arsenal boss Unai Emery plans a backroom shake-up that could see Steve Bould and Jens Lehmann leave the club this summer. (The Sun)
Tottenham fears that their hopes of signing Fulham midfielder Ryan Sessegnon will be damaged by Shahid Khan's bid to buy Wembley. (Evening Standard)
Newcastle wants to sign Fulham's 25-year-old English defender Ryan Fredericks. (Newcastle Chronicle)
GUINDA, Calif. — The Latest on wildfires in the Western United States (all times local):
11:05 a.m.
Officials have ordered more Utah residents to evacuate their homes as crews struggled to gain control over a wildfire burning near a popular fishing reservoir.
The fire burning near Strawberry Reservoir has grown to 62 square miles (160 square kilometres) over three days amid high wind gusts, steep terrain and extremely dry conditions.
It has destroyed about 30 structures and led officials to evacuate several hundred homes and cabins in the area about two hours southeast of Salt Lake City.
Officials on Wednesday didn't have an updated count of buildings evacuated or destroyed. But they extended evacuations to an area dotted with trees and cabins stretching about 20 miles (32 kilometres).
The blaze started Sunday. Officials believe it was human-caused but they're still investigating how it started.
——
10:35 a.m.
Crews battling a Northern California wildfire that's threatening nearly 1,400 buildings are hoping to take advantage of cooler weather to tackle the flames.
Fire spokesman Israel Pinzon says Wednesday is expected to be the coolest day of the week, with temperatures 10 to 15 degrees lower than the triple digits that firefighters have faced.
Roughly 2,500 people had been forced from their homes. Pinzon says officials lifted some mandatory evacuations Tuesday night, though he didn't know how many people were allowed to return home.
The fire has burned through about 129 square miles (334 square kilometres) in rural counties northwest of Sacramento. It is 25 per cent contained.
No structures have been damaged or destroyed.
——
10:20 a.m.
A southern Colorado wildfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes is still growing.
Officials said Wednesday that the fire has burned 147 square miles (381 square kilometres) since it began June 27.
Officials estimated that the fire about 205 miles (330 kilometres) southwest of Denver is still just 5 per cent contained.
They say preventing the fire from spreading further south toward the small mountain town of Cuchara is a priority Wednesday.
Crews are watching for small fires inside neighbourhoods as unpredictable winds persist. Nearly 1,000 firefighters are in the area.
——
8:45 a.m.
Crews are making progress against a Northern California wildfire that threatens hundreds of buildings but say wind and dry vegetation could still fuel the blaze.
California officials said the fire in rural counties northwest of Sacramento was 25 per cent contained as of Wednesday morning. That's up from 15 per cent the previous day.
It has burned through 129 square miles (334 square kilometres) after igniting Saturday. Some areas have been under evacuation orders for days.
It's among the massive wildfires burning in the Western United States and putting some Fourth of July plans on hold.
Police said Herzberg was walking a bicycle across the street outside the crosswalk when she was struck.
Cameras on the SUV captured video footage of the accident from both inside and outside the vehicle, Tempe Police Sgt. Ronald Elcock told reporters during a press conference Monday night.
"It will definitely assist in our investigation," he said.
The driver, who was not controlling the vehicle at the time of the accident, was identified as Rafael Vasquez, 44.
Hours after the crash, Uber announced the suspension of all tests of its autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh, Phoenix, San Francisco and Toronto.
"Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted. "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
A Twitter account for Uber's communications department said the ride-sharing company is cooperating with Tempe police.
Tempe Mayor Mark Mitchell released a statement saying that the city will investigate the accident.
"The City of Tempe has been supportive of autonomous vehicle testing because of the innovation and promise the technology may offer in many areas, including transportation options for disabled residents and seniors," Mitchell said in the statement. "Testing must occur safely. All indications we have had in the past show that traffic laws are being obeyed by the companies testing here. Our city leadership and Tempe police will pursue any and all answers to what happened in order to ensure safety moving forward.”
Self-driving cars have been hailed by technology companies as the wave of the future. Autonomous cars are already being tested in more than 30 cities around the world, with companies plowing more than $80 billion into research and development.
Self-driving cars work by using complex radar systems to observe the road, objects and other cars. That data is then fed into a computer that decides what the car should do next. Proponents of the technology have claimed that self-driving cars will make transportation safer.
"Everyone recognized that someone was going to die in a crash involving an autonomous vehicle eventually," Bryant Walker Smith, a law professor at the University of South Carolina who studies risks in automated driving systems, told NBC News.
"As good as that technology tries to be, mistakes can happen, or it may be one of the small fraction of crashes that cannot overcome the laws of physics and be avoided.
"I just think everybody kind of hoped that one wouldn't come this soon."
Smith added that because federal and state agencies don't have the resources to monitor individual vehicles, the onus for safety falls on the individual companies running the technology.
Self-driving cars have been involved in accidents before, including in Tempe. Uber previously suspended its testing in March 2017 after one of its autonomous cars was involved in an accident.
The National Transportation Safety Board announced that a four-person team has been sent to Tempe to investigate the crash.
State law enforcement officials are training more officers to recognize signs of drugged driving and preparing for other major changes as New Jersey moves toward legalizing marijuana, the state's attorney general said Tuesday.
Attorney General Gurbir Grewal, who was appointed by Gov. Phil Murphy, an advocate for legalization, told a Senate committee Tuesday that he expected the availability of recreational marijuana to present "a challenge," but one his office was prepared to meet.
He said his office and officials at the State Police were meeting with counterparts in states that have already legalized marijuana and upping police training in case New Jersey lawmakers follow through on Murphy's plans.
Testifying for the first time at his department's annual hearing in front of the Senate Budget Committee, Grewal said there are already about 400 officers across New Jersey trained as "drug recognition experts," who are equipped to spot drivers under the influence of substances other than alcohol.
That's more than any other state aside from California, Grewal said, adding that his office was preparing to train 80 more, prioritizing police departments that currently have none.
Check out NJ Cannabis Insider
State law enforcement officials are also "undertaking steps to understand how our drug dogs will operate" if New Jersey decriminalizes marijuana, the attorney general said.
The training given to drug-sniffing dogs will have to change, he said.
"They are trained to alert on drugs," he said. "They don't differentiate between marijuana and cocaine heroin, or whatever it may be, so we have some challenges there."
Addressing lawmakers who remain skeptical of the governor's push to legalize marijuana, including Budget Committee Chairman Sen. Paul Sarlo, D-Bergen, and Sen. Anthony Bucco, R-Morris, the attorney general resisted wading into the politics of legalization.
"This is ultimately going to be a decision the Legislature makes and the governor makes," he said. "My job is going to be to regulate and to enforce the laws as efficiently as I can."
Are you interested in the N.J. cannabis industry? Subscribe here for exclusive insider information from NJ Cannabis Insider.
S.P. Sullivan may be reached at ssullivan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
CHS grad Kleeman qualifies for Ironman Triathlon
By Eric Becker
COEUR d'ALENE, Idaho (Oct. 5, 2017) – Ben Kleeman, 1999 graduate of Carlinville High School, played baseball and soccer during his Cavalier days.
But following a fourth place finish in his age group (men's 35-39) at the Coeur d'Alene Ironman triathlon in Idaho last month, Kleeman is now bound for Hawaii Oct. 14. He will participate in the Ironman Triathlon in Kona.
The triathlon encompasses three areas of sporting competition – a swim, bike ride and run. Kleeman has been competing in such competitions for about 10 years.
He started training in the triathlon in 2007 in Ballwin, Mo.
“Over time, it just kind of progressed,” Kleeman said.
He called competing at Coeur d'Alene a great opportunity and glad to do it as it was on his bucket list.
“I went out and had a good race,” Kleeman said. “Didn't set out necessarily to qualify. I just kind of ran my race, then realized about the last seven miles of the race, with the help of my wife (Kelly) who was tracking my competitors. I just ran up and ended up going into fourth place at mile 24 of the marathon. It was a good day.”
Each age group gets a certain number of slots in which competitors can qualify for the Triathlon, Kleeman said. His age group, the men's 35-39 had five slots opened, and he placed fourth out of 99 competing.
His time was the 30th fastest out of 593 males and 32nd overall out of 841 total athletes who competed.
At Coeur d'Alene, there were only 50 slots available to go to Kona of all the age groups, divided up based upon the number of participants in each age division.
His swim time was at one hour, 10 minutes, 24 seconds; his bicycle ride took five hours, 31 minutes, 16 seconds and the marathon 26-mile run took three hours, 45 minutes, 30 seconds. Total time to complete the Coeur d'Alene course was 10 hours, 33 minutes, 30 seconds.
There has to be at least one spot per age division. A 74-year-old woman qualified, Dexter Yeats.
Kleeman trains near Boulder, Colo. where they reside. He says it takes a good amount of time to rain, as he usually spends 10-20 hours a week preparing.
“I've been training continuously for 10 years,” Kleeman said. “I train between 10 to 15 or 20 hours per week, depending on the week.”
Kleeman trains with Colin Laughery from Baseline Multi Sport.
“He's been coaching me for just over a year now, and that has helped significantly,” Kleeman said.
After leaving CHS, Kleeman went to St. Louis College of Pharmacy, where he started running at the end of pharmacy school.
“First, it was just to lose weight,” Kleeman said. “Then I started biking and a year later decided just to do a triathlon kind of on a whim.”
He then got a swim coach to help on that portion of the triathlon, and several years later, started doing half Ironman's and this was his third Ironman that he just completed. Ironically, it came a couple months after not finishing one near his current hometown.
“I ran Ironman Boulder in June and didn't finish that race,” Kleeman said. “I ran a very terrible race and then had to kind of retool everything in two and a half months for Coeur d'Alene and ended up qualifying for Kona.”
Kleeman enjoyed his days growing up in Macoupin County.
“It was a great place to grow up,” Kleeman said. “I kind of wish I would have started running earlier, but I guess better late than never.”
Ben Kleeman, 1999 graduate of Carlinville High School, has qualified for the Ironman Triathlon in Kona, Hawaii Oct. 14. Photo provided by Finisherpix.
May the force — and 21 billion transistors — be with you.
NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang on Thursday lit up a gathering of hundreds of elite deep learning researchers at the Conference and Workshop on Neural Information Processing Systems — better known as NIPS — in Long Beach, Calif., by unveiling TITAN V, our latest GPU.
“What NVIDIA is all about is building tools that advance computing, so we can do things that would otherwise be impossible,” Huang, dressed in his trademark black leather jacket, told the crowd as he kicked off the evening. “Our ultimate purpose is to build computing platforms that allow you to do groundbreaking work.”
Twenty of the researchers — selected at random — received one of the first TITANs based on the company's latest Volta architecture.
The debut of TITAN V was followed another unveiling — the premier of an original, Star Wars inspired piece of music performed live by 15 musicians from the CMG Music Recording Orchestra of Hollywood for the hundreds of researchers gathered for the event.
Read the entire article here, At TITAN V Launch, NVIDIA CEO Gives Away GPUs to Top AI Brainiacs| NVIDIA Blog
Via the fine folks at NVIDIA.
BOSTON — A federal judge on Thursday blocked the government from deporting dozens of Christian Indonesians who fear persecution if returned home, until they're given a chance to fight their removal.
U.S. District Judge Patti Saris in Boston said 50 Indonesians living illegally in New Hampshire must be given time to reopen their immigration cases and argue that the conditions in their home country have changed.
Demonstrators hold an "Interfaith Prayer Vigil for Immigrant Justice" outside the federal building, where ethnic Chinese Christians who fled Indonesia after wide scale rioting decades ago and overstayed their visas in the U.S. must check-in with ICE, in Manchester, New Hampshire, U.S., October 13, 2017. BRIAN SNYDER / Reuters
"This opinion may literally save lives," said Lee Gelernt, an attorney for the Indonesians. "As the court recognized ... this country's laws do not permit the government to send people back to persecution or torture," said Gelernt, of the American Civil Liberties Union's Immigrants' Rights Project.
The government had urged the judge to deny their bid for a preliminary injunction blocking their removal. The government argued that the court doesn't have jurisdiction over the matter and that the Indonesians failed to show that they would suffer irreparable harm if they aren't granted a reprieve.
A U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement official didn't immediately respond to an email seeking comment on Thursday.
Many of the Indonesians went to seacoast communities in New Hampshire, where they found jobs and raised families. In a deal brokered by Democratic U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, of New Hampshire, they were allowed to stay as long as they regularly reported to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office.
But in recent months, they were told during their visits to the immigration office that they should buy plane tickets and prepare to leave the country. Some said they fear returning to Indonesia, a Muslim-majority country, due to an uptick in intolerance and violence against Christians and other minorities.
The judge said the Indonesians have 90 days after they receive paperwork of their prior immigration proceedings to file a motion reopen their case. Her order blocks the government from deporting the Indonesians until after the Board of Immigration Appeals rules on their cases and they have a chance to seek a stay in the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
"A brief delay in unlawful deportation of residents who have lived here with government permission for over a decade outweighs the public interest in prompt execution of removal orders, where petitioners have been law-abiding and pose no threat to public safety," Saris said in her opinion.
The judge in November had blocked their removal until she could consider their request for a preliminary injunction.
The Rev. Sandra Pontoh, an Indonesian community leader in New Hampshire who also leads a church for Indonesians in Madbury, said she was thrilled by the ruling.
"I was hoping the judge would decide to let my friends work on their case for 90 days. That is what we hoped," Pontoh said. "This is wonderful. That means my friends can have time, their lawyers will have more time to work on their cases. This is the last fight for them. In order for them stay here, they have to submit a good case."
Gov. Chris Sununu called the decision good news for New Hampshire and the Dover Indonesian Community.
"The federal court in Boston continues to agree and reaffirm that these cases deserve reexamination," the Republican said in a statement. "I will continue to advocate for a resolution that protects these individuals from religious persecution and allows them to remain in the United States," he said.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
American consumers had a pretty good year in 2016. The stock market was up, wages were up and inflation remained in check. In fact, the USDA's Consumer Price Index shows that grocery prices in November were down 2.2 percent from 2015.
But it wasn't all sunshine and roses. It was a record year for robocalls, Yahoo had the largest data breach in history, cyberattacks got more malicious, and rents skyrocketed. But let's focus on the positive news:
Gasoline Prices Stayed Low
The national average for regular dropped below $2 a gallon at the start of 2016, and stayed below $2.50 all year long. AAA estimates these lower prices saved U.S. drivers about $27 billion compared to 2015. Gas prices rose about 16 cents in December and they could soon go higher if OPEC and other oil producing nations follow through on promises to cut production in January.
Home Loan Rates Were Historically Low
The average interest rate for the benchmark 30-year fixed-rate mortgage in 2016 was 3.79 percent, according to Bankrate.com. It averaged 3.99 percent in 2015 and 4.3 percent in 2014. But that average rate has gone up significantly since November and now sits at 4.32 percent.
Airfares Actually Went Down
Yes, airlines generated billions in baggage fees, but the basic ticket price dropped dramatically. The average price of a domestic round-trip flight was $222 in November, that's 14 percent below where it was in 2014, according to the price-tracking app Hopper.
A few weeks ago, United announced a new Basic Economy fare. You don't get a seat assignment until you get to the airport and you can't use the overhead bins. Small personal items brought on board must fit under the seat in front of you. Will other major carriers follow United's lead? Travel experts say it's very likely.
Home Prices Skyrocketed
The total value of every home in the U.S. was expected to hit a record high of more than $29.6 trillion in 2016, up 5.7 percent from a year ago, according to a new report from Zillow. The higher prices are good news for people looking sell their homes, but will make it impossible for some renters to become owners, especially first-time buyers.
Five Big Consumer Victories
Thanks to new rules and regulations and enforcement actions by government regulators, consumers also scored some significant victories in 2016:
New Rules for Prepaid Debit Cards
Until now, the multi-billion-dollar prepaid debit card market has been virtually unregulated. In October, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued long-awaited rules that will give the 20 million Americans who use these cards some strong consumer protections, similar to those offered with checking accounts.
When the rules take effect in October 2017, financial institutions that issue these cards will be required to clearly disclose their fees, including monthly service charges, fees for ATM withdrawals, balance inquiries or contacting customer service. This information will be printed on the back of the card's packaging or disclosed electronically for those who buy online.
The CFPB rules also make it more difficult for financial institutions to allow customers to spend more than the amount loaded on the card. Those that do offer overdraft protection will be limited in the amount they can charge.
FCC Issues First Internet Privacy Rules
Telephone companies are required to protect the information associated with your phone calls. Federal regulations limit how your phone company can repurpose and resell what it learns about your phone activity without your consent. In October, the Federal Communications Commission passed new rules that give similar privacy protection to those who use the Internet.
The FCC's landmark decision limits what internet service providers can do with customer data and gives you the right to control your personal information when you use the Internet. The new rules require ISPs to get a customer's explicit consent before using or sharing their personal data, such as app or browsing history, or mobile location.
The big broadband service providers oppose the new rules and could challenge them in court. They claim it's unfair to limit their data collection while allowing companies like Google and Facebook to do it.
Since the vote for the new rules was along party lines (3-2), it's possible the issue could be reconsidered by the Commission after President Trump appoints a Republican to replace outgoing chairman Thomas Wheeler.
Congress Protects Your Right to Free Speech
You have the right to post honest reviews about a product or service online — as long as what you say is truthful — even if the company prohibits negative comments with a non-disparagement clause in its terms of service. The Consumer Review Freedom Act, which President Obama signed into law in December, bans these "gag clauses."
The Federal Trade Commission and state consumer protection agencies are now empowered to enforce the law by taking legal action against companies that continue to use non-disparagement clauses.
The Consumer Review Freedom Act will only protect honest and truthful comments. Companies can still take legal action against someone they believe has disparaged them by making false statements.
Related: Yes, You Can Post That Negative Online Review, Says Congress
Goodbye, Ticket Bots!
It should be easier to get concert tickets when they go on sale, now that you won't have to compete with computerized ticket-buying software. Congress passed the Better Online Ticket Sales Act (BOTS) just before it went on winter break and it's been signed into law by President Obama.
BOTS makes it illegal to use software to bypass any computer security system that limits ticket sales to concerts or other public events that can be attended by more than 200 people. Violations will be considered "unfair or deceptive acts or practices" that can be prosecuted by the Federal Trade Commission or state consumer protection agencies.
Safer Rental Cars
When you rent a car, you assume it's safe. But before June of 2016 it's been perfectly legal for a rental car company to put you in a vehicle with an open safety recall. A new federal law prohibits that. Any company with more than 35 vehicles in its fleet must pull recalled cars off the road until repairs are made.
Consumer groups had urged Congress to ban used car dealers from selling vehicles with open recalls, but lawmakers did not go that far. It was hoped the Federal Trade Commission would take a stand on this issue. But a few weeks ago, in a decision that was blasted by safety advocates, the FTC refused to do that.
The Commission ruled that it's OK for car dealers to advertise used vehicles as passing their safety inspection program, even if those vehicles have recall problems that have not been fixed. All dealers need to do is to tell customers that the cars and trucks on the lot could be subject to a recall — no need to give specific information — and where to go online to find out.
The FTC said its decision will encourage dealers to fix recalls and "empower consumers to make more informed purchasing decisions." Rosemary Shahan, president of Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety called this, "the worst thing the FTC has ever done on any issue" because "it allows false advertising."
Honorable mention goes to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for fining Wells Fargo $100 million for the widespread practice of secretly opening unauthorized bank and credit card accounts. This is the largest fine the CFPB has ever imposed in its five-year history. The bank's own analysis found that employees opened more than two million accounts that may not have been authorized by consumers. Wells Fargo will pay full restitution to all victims on top of the civil penalties.
Looking Ahead to 2017
"Overall, there was an improvement in consumer protections in large part because of initiatives of the Obama administration," said Stephen Brobeck, executive director of the Consumer Federation of America. "Our fear is that a new congress and administration could jeopardize some of these and many other consumer protections."
Brobeck and other consumer advocates are specifically worried that Republicans in Congress will try to weaken the CFPB as part of their push against regulations.
"The CFPB has saved tens of millions of consumers tens of billions of dollars in its relatively short life. Nothing should be done that jeopardizes the effectiveness of its consumer protection activities," he said.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — A Tennessee woman's video of her tearful son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday she had just picked up her son, Keaton, from school because he was too afraid to go to lunch.
In the video, Keaton said other students call him ugly, make fun of his nose and tell him he has no friends. He said milk was poured on him and ham was put down his clothes.
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton said. “What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
“People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you.”
The video had more than 18 million views as of Sunday, and a crowdsourcing page for Keaton's future education had raised more than $29,000.
“We all know how it feels to want to belong,” Jones said in her post, “but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.”
On Twitter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said he and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time she comes home to her native Knoxville, she wants to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter he wants Keaton to “add me to your long list of friends,” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “has a friend for life” and that “love is the only way to beat hate.”
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Years after a woman accused a police officer of yanking her out of her car and slamming her face-first while handcuffed to the ground, a federal grand jury has charged him with using excessive force and misconduct in office.
The U.S. Justice Department said in a news release that former Hickory Police Sgt. Robert Michael George injured Chelsea Doolittle and filed a false report in 2013.
George, who said she fell, was fired a year later and charged in state court with assault.
Doolittle sued George and the city of Hickory in 2016 after enduring two oral surgeries.
District Attorney David Learner says the state charges are being dropped now that federal charges have been filed.
George's attorney, Lisa Dubs, did not comment.
Both George and Doolittle are white.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Year 2 children at The Firs School in Chester enjoyed their new My Happy Mind class where they learn to celebrate themselves and others and build positive relationships to help them thrive.
The classes are science based and built on psychology and neuroscience research and work to create positive, sustainable and growth-orientated behaviour in the children helping them to be adaptable and happy.
The Happy Mind mission is to help children to understand the benefit of managing their own mind (through mindfulness type techniques) and also to learn how to understand and celebrate their character strengths, develop gratitude as a habit, build positive relationships and live life through a goal setting approach.
All children at The Firs will attend weekly 30 minute classes.
(Image: UGC)
Headteacher Lucy Davies said: “We are delighted to be able to introduce these classes to our children as we feel in our busy and fast moving lives it is important to equip children with tools to learn how to get the most out of life and be happy and manage pressures and relationships.
“We believe schools needs to be implementing a positive curriculum around mental wellbeing that is seen as being as important as physical education.
“It is paramount to create a happy environment for children to thrive and help them reach their educational potential and this is something we pride ourselves on doing here at The Firs School.”
WASHINGTON — Christopher Steele, the former British intelligence operative who authored a 35-page dossier alleging that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia, has been in talks with the Senate Intelligence Committee about speaking to its leaders, three sources familiar with the situation told NBC News.
In a development first reported on The Rachel Maddow Show Thursday night, the sources disputed the characterization of the situation by Sen. Richard Burr (R-N.C.), the chairman of the committee. Burr said this week that Steele had flatly declined the committee's offer to speak to him, and the committee thus had "hit a brick wall," in its attempts to investigate the dossier.
One source close to Steele said that in late September, Steele relayed to Washington, through an associate, that Steele in fact would be happy to meet with Burr and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat.
Two other sources said the situation was "more complicated" than Burr portrayed during a news conference Wednesday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Exclusive: Steele open to Senate Intel meet 20:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Those two people, one close to Steele and one familiar with the committee discussions, said that one of the sticking points was Steele's unwillingness to discuss who underwrote his work. Steele, who once worked as a British spy in Russia, was hired by the firm Fusion GPS, which was conducting opposition research originally funded by undisclosed Republican opponents of Donald Trump, according to a source close to Steele. During the general election, unknown Democrats began picking up the tab, sources familiar with the matter have said.
In a joint statement to NBC News, the Intelligence Committee leaders said: "The Committee has made multiple requests to meet with Mr. Steele over the last nine months, including outreach to his attorneys. We remain open to any credible offer to meet with Mr. Steele, whether in Washington or in London."
NBC News reported Thursday that members of Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team recently interviewed Steele, whose dossier has been a controversial and much-debated document since it was first published in January by Buzzfeed.
At his first news conference in January, Trump denounced the document.
"A thing like that should have never been written, it should never have been had and certainly should never have been released," he said, later saying the memo was written by "sick people [who] put that crap together."
Tax default: Guests stranded as FIRS seals Warri 4-star hotel
By Egufe Yafugborhi
WARRI – IT was a show of shame for the management and embarrassment for guests at the Golden Tulip, Warri Airports Hotels, Effurun, Delta State as the Federal Inland Revenue Service, FIRS, on Tuesday evening sealed the hotel for tax liabilities.
Anita Erine, who led the tax body's enforcement team on the occasion said that the four-star hotel had accumulated Value Added Tax, VAT liabilities of over N15.6Million through 2014 to 2016 years of assessment.
“The chairman of FIRS, Dr. Babatunde Fowler, had signed a warrant to seal this company and the only way we can do otherwise is for you to pay up what you owe or show proof that you have paid,” Erine told the hotel staff on ground.”
Efforts by one of the management staff on ground to explain that the hotel had not been in operation for the said assessment period proved abortive as the enforcement team insisted on document proof.
Erine also rejected appeal by the hotel staff to speak to the owner, a prominent Delta politician with the enforcement team leader repeatedly saying, “Sorry, we are not allowed to speak to people phone on phone. If you have no proof of payment, we are sealing you.”
The FIRS team, aided by mobile policemen went round the hotel rooms, alerting guests and staff to vacate the premises before placing its seals on the entrances and its gates chained under lock and key.
The team had earlier sealed Kevwe Construction Company, Okwokoko, for similar VAT default to the tone of N84.4m, while Ishaka Hotels and Tebelos Hotels, both on Refinery Road, Effurun, had a day of grace based on undertaking to resolve their liabilities or get sealed.
The post Tax default: Guests stranded as FIRS seals Warri 4-star hotel appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Robert Eugene Owens, the editor of popular Second Amendment advocacy blog BearingArms.com, was found dead Monday morning in what authorities have ruled a suicide.
The 46-year-old was found by authorities outside of his North Carolina home next to a stop sign around 11 a.m. on Monday, the Fuquay-Varina Police Department said. A firearm was located near Owens.
“The cause of death in this case has been ruled suicide through means of self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head," police officials confirmed in a statement.
Minutes before police received reports of a body, a status appeared on Owen's Facebook reading, "In the end, it turns out that I'm not strong. I'm a coward, and a selfish son of a bitch. I'm sorry."
Following his death, readers began mourning on social media.
Count me among the many friends of @bob_owens grieving tonight. Please keep his family in your prayers. — Cam Edwards (@CamEdwards) May 9, 2017
RIP Bob Owens, editor of Bearing Arms. The fact that there are people on the left joyous of this news shows how depraved they have become. — Carmine Sabia (@CarmineSabia) May 9, 2017
The site's co-editor, Jenn Jaques, posted a tribute to Owens' on the website on Monday night titled "We are Diminished-- R.I.P. Bob Owens."
"In the end, all that matters is he that will be sorely missed, and the truth is that we will never know what truly happened," the post reads. "What we do know is that while Bob was a huge part of the [Second Amendment] world, he was first and foremost a son, brother, husband, father, and friend."
Owens was married to Christine Zamzow Owens and had two children ages 9 and 17, according to Bearing Arms.
According to his website bio, Owens began writing about politics in 2004 for the New York-based blog Confederate Yankee, then started writing about gun rights for Pajamas Media three years later. He had 400 hours of professional firearm training and recently received an instructor certification from Centrifuge Training.
In 2013, Owens became editor of Bearing Arms, which is part of conservative newsgroup Townhall Media.
In a statement for Hot Air, senior editor Ed Morrissey said his friend's defense of gun rights included "criticism of abuses of them" and described the 46-year-old as the "go-to guy on the legal issues on various incidents."
"Bob had a great if sometimes sardonic sense of humor, and his passion was hard to miss. His excellence and dedication was impossible to miss," Morrissey wrote.
Bob Owens via Facebook
Most recently, Owens wrote about South Carolina police officer Michael Slager's plea deal with prosecutors in the 2015 shooting death of unarmed man Walter Scott. Owens condemned the officer's actions. He also blogged about the Department of Justice's decision not to charge the officers involved in the death of Alton Sterling, calling it "justified."
He previously criticized the Black Lives Matter movement in a September 2016 post, calling it an "attempt by left wing radicals to legitimize local law enforcement," and warned in August that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton could "destroy the gun rights of American citizens."
Before his death, Owens was writing a book titled "The Long Way Home." His other works include "So You Want to Own a Gun," a 20-page guide to help guide those interested in purchasing their first firearm.
The relentless rise in the voting power of Wisconsin's fastest growing county, Dane, is the brightest political trend for Democrats in a state where they have suffered a string in painful defeats
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Roanoke County Supervisor Al Bedrosian failed to win his party's nomination for a second term, but two other Republican incumbents had no trouble defeating their challengers. WFIR's Gene Marrano continues our primary team coverage:
6-14 North-Bedrosian Wrap#1-WEB
A Russian politician says he has seen a North Korean missile that could reach the US west coast, and that Pyongyang plans on testing a long-rage missile "in the nearest future".
Anton Morozov told Russian state-backed news agency RIA Novost that he and two colleagues had visited North Korea, where they were shown the North Korean calculations that the missile could hit America. During the visit, earlier this week, officials told them they had developed technologies that would allow their missiles to withstand the heat while entering the atmosphere after a launch.
The North Koreans showed him the "mathematical calculations which they say prove that their missile is capable of reaching the US west coast," he said.
Mr Morozov's party, the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia, has a right-wing, nationalist agenda and is known for its anti-American sentiments. He did not indicate that he and his colleagues had personally reviewed the North Korean calculations to confirm their veracity.
North Korea has tested its missiles on at least 14 different occasions this year alone, leading to heightened tension between Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. The North Korean regime has, at the same time, openly flouted its burgeoning nuclear capabilities, and conducted its sixth nuclear test ever last month. Meanwhile, intelligence leaks have indicated that North Korea is capable of producing a nuclear warhead small enough to be attached to one of those intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs).
At the same time, Donald Trump and North Korean officials have engaged in a war of insults. The President said that Mr Kim is on a "suicide mission for himself and his regime" during his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly last month, and said that he was ready to use military force against the country if necessary. In response, Mr Kim released an unprecedented personal response, calling Mr Trump a "dotard" and a "frightened dog."
The US has also put financial pressure on North Korea through sanctions, and have put pressure on China and the international community to do the same. The United Nations voted to impose strict sanctions on the country earlier this year, further isolating the Korean country from the international community. China, which has been one of North Korea's best allies, has also instructed its banks to cut off financial dealings with North Korea.
Blaise Matuidi described Paris Saint-Germain's demolition of Barcelona as the best performance the team have put in during his time at the club, but warned there is little time to bask in the win.
Barça, who knocked PSG out of the Champions League quarter-finals in 2013 and 2015, were left shell-shocked as Unai Emery's men ran riot in a 4-0 victory in the last-16 first-leg tie at Parc des Princes.
Angel di Maria scored twice in a sublime performance, while the impressive Julian Draxler and Edinson Cavani were also on target during the rout.
Midfielder Matuidi had spoken before the game of his belief that PSG could end their hoodoo against Barça, but the France midfielder - while praising the team's performance - warned the team to be wary of a Camp Nou backlash in the second leg.
"There is a lot of joy, we're very happy," he told reporters. "We played an exceptional match and put four goals past Barça, it's absolutely perfect.
"We have to remember there is a second match, we won the first battle but we still have a second and with Barça we have to be careful.
"We will be wary because nothing is finished even if we are aware that we have done something great.
"It was a really nice evening, probably the best I've had since I've been here.
"[But] it is one we can saviour only for a few days. We will have to quickly regroup because we know what will be expected at Camp Nou."
CHICAGO — The Latest on Michigan State University ties to a Chicago-area coach accused of sexual abuse (all times local):
1:00 p.m.
A lawyer for a prominent Chicago-area volleyball coach accused of raping six underage girls he trained says his client has never sexually abused anyone and that he isn't affiliated with Michigan State University.
Danielle D'Ambrose says in a statement that the allegations against Rick Butler are "absolutely false."
Three women publicly accused him in 1995 of raping them in the 1980s. A 1995 report from an Illinois state agency found no evidence to support Butler's contention that the women were lying.
Letters obtained by The Associated Press reveal that Michigan State has been under pressure to sever any ties to Butler. The university recruited players he trained and played exhibition games at his suburban Chicago facilities. Other colleges have done the same.
The statement issued Tuesday says Butler has "no affiliation" with the school. Michigan State similarly says Butler isn't affiliated with the university.
__
12:01 a.m.
Michigan State University has maintained ties to a prominent volleyball coach for decades after he was publicly accused in 1995 of sexually abusing and raping six underage girls he trained.
BOSTON — Outside the Boston College basketball office, on the way to the practice gym, the walls are decorated with giant pictures from the Eagles' biggest wins.
The Sweet 16 appearance in 2006. Upsets over No. 1 North Carolina and No. 6 Duke in 2009. A victory over top-ranked Syracuse four years ago.
Make room for an addition: Boston College 89, Duke 84, an upset that sent the No. 1 Blue Devils to their first loss.
“We're putting one up for this one,” coach Jim Christian said. “That's where I would put it. If you get a poster up on that wall, that's a big thing because of the proud history of this place.”
Ky Bowman scored 30 points, adding 10 rebounds and nine assists to help Boston College (7-3, 1-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) win its third straight game against the No. 1 team in The Associated Press Top 25. Jordan Chatman scored 22, hitting four straight free throws in the final 16 seconds to ice it.
“I think this is probably going to be one of the top ones,” Bowman said.
Gary Trent Jr. scored 25 and Marvin Bagley III had 15 points and 12 rebounds for Duke (11-1, 0-1 ACC).
The Blue Devils erased a 10-point deficit in the second half and led 79-75 with 3:30 to play. Boston College scored 12 of the next 14 points, getting a pair of 3-pointers from Robinson. Duke's Trevon Duvall drove to the basket to make it 83-81 with 31 seconds left, but then he was called for an intentional foul on Chatman as BC tried to dribble out the clock.
Chatman made both foul shots, and then with BC retaining possession he was fouled again and made two more. A 3-pointer by Trent made it 87-84, but then Jerome Robinson was sent to the line and hit his free throws with 6 seconds left to ice it.
“This isn't about us being horrible. This is about how great they were. They were terrific. Not good, terrific,” Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski said. “We've got to get better. But I knew that. If we won, I would tell you we have to get better.”
Despite the first snowstorm of the winter in Boston, a full house of 8,606 filled the Conte Forum — the first sellout in Chestnut Hill since a game against ninth-ranked North Carolina last Jan. 21.
The fans poured onto the court after Trent's mostly meaningless 3-pointer in the final seconds bounced off the rim, celebrating Christian's biggest win yet. The Eagles finished last in the ACC in each of the past two seasons.
“I told these guys how fortunate they were because there are a lot of guys playing college basketball who are in great programs that will never get a chance to play the No. 1 team in the nation at home,” Christian said. “For them, individually, (it's a) lifetime memory and a great step for our program.”
Duke led 36-35 with four minutes left in the half before BC scored 13 of the next 16 points, getting back-to-back 3-pointers from Chatman and a fast-break layup from Bowman to open a nine-point lead with 23 seconds before the break. Two free throws cut it to 48-41 before Bowman's 3 at the buzzer rimmed out.
The Eagles were 11 for 16 from 3-point range in the first half and finished 15 of 26 for the game.
“They made almost every shot that left their hands,” Bagley said. “It's going to be like that some games.”
Chatman hit another 3 to open the second half and give BC its biggest lead. It was 53-43 when Grayson Allen and Bagley hit back-to-back 3-pointers during 15-5 run to tie it.
BIG PICTURE
Duke: The Blue Devils have spent 134 weeks at No. 1 — tied with UCLA for the most in the history of the AP poll. A win on Saturday would certainly have broken the record.
“It's something you've got to earn it every week,” Allen said. “We didn't earn it this week.”
Boston College: The Eagles are 4-5 all-time against No. 1 teams in the AP poll. They also won their previous two, beating North Carolina in 2009 and Syracuse in 2014.
MILESTONES
It was the 3,000th game for the Duke basketball program. Krzyzewski had been going for his 500th win away from Cameron Indoor Stadium, and his 400th regular-season ACC win. Duke had been 20-2 against BC all-time, and 16-1 in ACC play, with the other loss coming in Boston in 2009. Since then, the Blue Devils have beaten the Eagles 11 times in a row.
ALLEN'S EYE
Allen sustained a bruise under his right eye late in the first half when he went to the floor taking a charge and teammate Javin DeLaurier landed on his face.
Allen missed seven of his first nine shots and finished with 14 points on 5-for-20 shooting, making one of nine 3-point shots.
HAWKINS GROUNDED
Boston College played its first game without Deontae “Teddy” Hawkins, who injured his knee and is out for the rest of the season. A graduate transfer from Illinois State who attended the game on crutches, Hawkins had been BC's top rebounder and third-leading scorer.
UP NEXT:
Duke: Hosts Evansville on Dec. 20.
Boston College: Hosts Columbia on Tuesday.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
The Maine Republican who called one Florida school shooting survivor a “skinhead lesbian” and another a “bald-faced liar” is quitting the race for a seat in the state's House of Representatives.
Leslie Gibson was widely criticized last week for insulting two survivors of last month's shooting in Parkland, Florida, which killed 17 people. The Portland Press Herald reports Gibson said Friday that he's walking away with his “head held high.”
One of the teenage students Gibson attacked online was Emma Gonzalez; he said there was “nothing about this skinhead lesbian” that impressed him. Gonzalez is openly bisexual. The other student Gibson attacked was David Hogg, and he and Gonzalez have become leaders in the effort to combat gun violence.
Gibson had been running unopposed in the 57th District contest until his comments became public. Now Republican Thomas Martin Jr. and Democrat Eryn Gilchrist are running. Gilchrist says she was “horrified” at the idea of Gibson representing her.
“I never thought I would run for office, and I was perfectly content with just remaining a member of the community, but after reading Mr. Gibson's comments I thought that the people of Greene and Sabattus deserved a representative who will respect people and try to work through their differences to make our lives better,” Gilchrist said in a statement.
Gonzalez took to Twitter to thank Gilchrist after she announced her candidacy, Gonzalez's first and only comment on the matter. "All I can say is thank you," Gonzalez said.
Eryn all I can say is Thank You https://t.co/DhBR5LN3Ro — Emma González (@Emma4Change) March 16, 2018
Hogg, however, had been more vocal, tweeting out a call to his social media following for someone in Maine, Democrat or Republican, to oppose Gibson.
Hey freinds in Maine! Who wants to run against this hate loving politician he's is running UNOPPOSED RUN AGAINST HIM I don't care what party JUST DO IT. https://t.co/vRR7p1ZHKf — David Hogg (@davidhogg111) March 14, 2018
Gibson did issue an apology to Gonzalez, according to Maine's Sun Journal.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
By KEN RITTER and MICHELLE PRICE
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Las Vegas police released some video records Wednesday compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
A partial review of the files shows they include video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard on the night of the shooting and an aerial view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue.
The release came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order. Previous material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism by officers and witnesses.
Courts ordered the release in response to a lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned department employees from talking about the material. Officer Jacinto Rivera, a department spokesman, said there would be no comment Wednesday.
FBI spokeswoman Sandra Breault also declined to comment.
Police and the FBI have said they don't know a motive for the attack, and the investigation is ongoing.
The agencies say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone, shooting from a 32nd-floor suite at the Mandalay Bay resort into the crowd of 22,000 country music fans. They say the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Authorities say Paddock, 64, a real estate investor and high-stakes gambler, had amassed an arsenal of nearly two dozen assault-style rifles and numerous high-capacity ammunition magazines in the hotel suite where he broke the windows and opened fire for about 10 minutes.
Police argued in court that it would be too time-consuming and costly to comply with the records requests by the media.
The department also said the materials could disclose investigative techniques, and Lombardo warned that the records would "further traumatize a wounded community."
On May 2, the department made public several hours of video including footage from two officers' body cameras showing police blasting through the door of the room where authorities say Paddock killed himself before officers arrived. Paddock is seen dead on the floor.
Two weeks later, the department released 1,200 pages of police reports containing witness statements and officer accounts, including reports from at least two people who said a person they believed to be Paddock ranted in the days prior to the attack about the federal government and gun control.
The claims by those people and others could not be verified because the names of witnesses were blacked out.
The release last week of about 2,100 pages of police reports, witness statements and dispatch logs provided more details of the chaos and confusion at the Route 91 Harvest Festival concert. The records also chronicled how officers and hotel security responded.
Some reports described officers racing from casino to casino while debunking reports of multiple shooters and bomb threats. Other officers put themselves in harm's way to protect wounded and fleeing concert-goers.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Florida couple was found dead next to their vehicle on a highway Saturday morning, while their three young children were discovered in the backseat unharmed, police said.
According to the Orlando Sentinel, Volusia County Sheriff's Office spokesman Andrew Gant said that a state trooper found the vehicle at around 2:08 a.m. It was parked on the eastbound side of Interstate 4 near DeLand with its hazard lights on.
Authorities found Daniel Kelsey, 32, and Heather Kelsey, 30, unconscious outside the SUV with their three young sons – ages ranging between eight months and four years – sitting in the backseat, Gant said. The parents were pronounced dead at the scene,
The children were transferred to Halifax Health Medical Center in Daytona Beach as a precautionary measure, according to the Sentinel. Family services are expected to meet with the children in an effort to assist with the investigation.
Gant said police were still investigating the incident. There were no signs of foul play.
Click for more from the Orlando Sentinel.
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada.
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean.
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat.
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world.
The council says consumers are responsible for almost half that waste.
Only a few years from now, autonomous cars will dominate the roads. But when driving becomes much safer and fewer people die in car wrecks, fewer donor organs will be available.
In 2016, 13.6 percent of people who died and became organ donors had been in a road accident. A recent report from Slate spotlighted this perverse side effect of self-driving cars, and offered suggestions for getting more people to become organ donors.
Science, however, can offer better a better solution.
The waiting lists for donor organs are long — 120,000 people on a given day — and ever increasing. With fewer donor organs to go around, researchers are working on other ways to get people the parts they need. With help from 3-D printing and other bioengineering technologies, we will eventually be able to grow our own organs and stop relying on donors.
Related: How Technology is Tackling Joe Biden's Cancer Moonshot
"It's like a race in which there are multiple different players, but no matter which one of them winds up winning, it's good," says Ali Khademhosseini, a bioengineer at Harvard Medical School.
One approach is to help regrow the ailing organ so it doesn't need to be replaced. A graft of stem cells or other materials could prompt regeneration of the diseased organ.
"What I think we'll see in the foreseeable future is, rather than replacing the entire organ, creating … [a] patch that can help in regenerating a diseased area," says Joshua Hunsberger, a research associate at the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine. Some techniques are being tested in simpler tissues, such as skin and bone.
There are also ambitious strategies to build entire organs. One aims to grow cells on an organ-shaped scaffold before transplanting it into a person. This mold may be built from scratch, or taken from animals such as pigs, which grow organs with similar shape and size to human ones. Scientists can flush the cells out of an animal organ to leave a near-transparent scaffold behind, then fill it with stem cells.
Bioprinters can build structures, like this 3D-printed ear, that look like human tissue and organs and even transplant them into animals. Wake Forest Institute for Regene
Ideally these cells would come from the patient's body, making the immune system less likely to reject the transplant. Scientists could take a sample of adult cells (say, from a cheek swab) and revert them back into a primitive state. These are called induced pluripotent stem cells, and could be guided into developing the right types of organ cells when placed on the scaffold.
Already, Wake Forest researchers have handcrafted scaffolds for bladders, urethras, and vaginas, seeded them with patients' own cells, and successfully transplanted them, says Anthony Atala, director of the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine.
Related: The Quest to Create Artificial Blood May Soon Be Over
More complex organs are still a ways off. Of these, the liver and lungs will likely be engineered first. "These two organs have the anatomy where they can hook up the plumbing and … still have the benefit of the remaining failing organ while the new organ is taking hold," says Stephen Badylak, Deputy Director of the McGowan Institute for Regenerative Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh. He's investigating how best to reseed engineered livers with new cells.
"We're still trying to figure out what's the best recipe," he says.
A heart will be more difficult, as it must be replaced entirely. Researchers have managed to grow beating heart tissue in the lab, but to keep a person alive, a transplanted heart must be strong enough to take over from the original.
Related: This App is Revolutionizing Diagnoses of Rare Diseases
"Every organ in the body is approximately five times more efficient than it needs to be for survival," Badylak says. "You have to have a heart that can pump about 20 percent of the blood that a normal heart does, and that's a tall order."
Scientists are also hoping to build organs from scratch using 3-D printing. Basically, the machine would set down many layers of "ink" made from cells and other materials to build a full-sized organ. Eventually, these organs could be tweaked and customized for each patient's body. Researchers have printed ear, bone, and muscle tissue and transplanted it into animals, but it's going to be a while before this technique is perfected for humans.
This structure created using 3D printing mimics blood vessels winding through tissue. Yu Shrike Zhang
There's a lot we still don't know about how our organs are put together on a microscopic level, and what directions they need from the body. "I know the general shape of a liver," Badylak says. "What I don't know is how the cells are layered exactly next to each other. Technology has outpaced our understanding of biology, and we need to understand more about what we want to print."
Scientists could also one day engineer animals to grow human-like organs that could be transplanted into people. Researchers are currently examining pigs because they have similar organs and physiology to humans. Their immune systems, however, are definitely not compatible with ours.
"You can't even take another human's organ and put it in — unless you're one of the luckiest people in the world — without having to suppress the immune system," Badylak says. "And animal tissue you'll reject even more quickly than other human tissues."
“ Technology has outpaced our understanding of biology, and we need to understand more about what we want to print.”
Scientists have started trying to alter pigs to grow more compatible organs. Recently, researchers made chimera, or hybrid, pig embryos with a handful of human cells. This indicated that human cells could survive inside pig organs, although the team halted the experiment after a few weeks to gather more information.
None of these cells were in the chimeras' brains, and it's unlikely human cells could ever lead to a pig with a human-like mind. Still, the researchers will engineer ways to prevent human cells from contributing to brain tissue of future chimeras.
Eventually, they hope to craft pigs with organs mostly made from human cells.
"Right now it remains a distant dream," says coauthor Jun Wu, a stem cell biologist at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La Jolla, California. "This is the very first step, but we have a very long way [to go]."
All of the organ-growing technologies are still under construction, and some organs may hit the clinic a lot sooner than others. "Flat structures like skin, they're going to be the easiest," Hunsberger says. "Then you have hollow organs like the bladder that are a little bit more challenging, and then you have your solid organs like heart and lungs that are going to be the most complex."
An organ procurement coordinator performs a bronchoscopy on an organ donor at Mid-America Transplant Services in St. Louis in 2014. Nurses perform this procedure every 4 to 6 hours to keep the lungs clear as a body is kept viable while waiting to donate its organs. Whitney Curtis / AP
Meanwhile, scientists are devising ways to get more use out of the donor organs we do have. Currently, they must be transplanted within a few hours. "Sometimes an organ that becomes available is no longer viable by the time it makes it to the hospital somewhere else across the country," Khademhosseini says. Researchers are working to improve cryopreservation technologies so they can be used on whole organs.
But people on organ waiting lists are just a fraction of those who stand to benefit from regenerative medicine, Khademhosseini says.
Related: Life-Saving Drones Promise Revolution in Medical Care
"If you … break your bone, you don't put yourself on an organ waiting list, right? You just wait six months," he says. "But if you have a material that takes that six months and makes it into six weeks, that's a major improvement." These technologies could be used to grow new skin for people with burns, or regenerate nerve, bone, and muscle in trauma patients.
A fully functional heart built from scratch is probably at least 10 years away. But scientists are confident that we will one day put an end to organ shortages. "I think it's just a matter of time," Khademhosseini says.
CHICAGO — Kris Dunn is a key piece of the Chicago Bulls' rebuilding effort. He wants to be a key to the team's success.
Dunn made two free throws with 2.9 seconds left to give the Bulls a 104-102 victory over the New York Knicks on Saturday night.
Coach Fred Hoiberg put the ball in Dunn's hands during the final possession and the second-year point guard was fouled by Courtney Lee while driving to the basket.
“I want to be a leader for my team and I want to make the big plays,” Dunn said. “I know we have multiple guys who can make plays, but I definitely want to be one of them.”
Following a timeout, the Knicks — who scored 10 straight points to tie it at 102 — had a chance to tie or take the lead, but Kristaps Porzingis missed a 3-pointer at the buzzer.
Nikola Mirotic, in just his second game of the season, had 19 points to help Chicago win its second straight. Dunn finished with 17 points, nine assists and seven rebounds, and Luari Markkanen and David Nwaba had 15 points apiece. Nwaba had 11 points in the fourth quarter.
“I'm proud of the guys for finding a way to hang on there,” Hoiberg said.
Porzingis had 23 points for New York. The Knicks are 1-8 on the road.
“I feel like I let my teammates down, and I'm not talking about the last shot but in general the whole game,” Porzingis said. “We have to play at a better level and I have to play at a better level from the beginning.”
After snapping a 10-game losing streak Friday night in Charlotte, the Bulls didn't arrive back in Chicago until about five hours before game time because of weather-related delays.
But they jumped out to a 19-6 lead and rallied after New York took a 70-68 lead into the fourth quarter.
“The game was lost way in the beginning,” Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek said. “They're a team that had travel issues. We come out not ready to play, let them get out to a big lead. They showed some fight at the end. We've got to come out at the beginning of the game. That's a mental preparation thing that we talked about.”
Knicks: C Enes Kanter injured his hip late in the game, but said he will be fine to play on Sunday . C Joakim Noah, who spent the first nine seasons of his career in Chicago, was inactive even though he is not injured. Noah has been inactive or has not played in four of the last five games. … G Tim Hardaway Jr. (stress injury, lower left leg) remains in a walking boot. “We're going to reevaluate in two weeks,” GM Scott Perry said. “I'm optimistic that we're doing all the right things and eventually he's going to be OK.”
Bulls: Markkanen was 15 for 51 (29.4 per cent) from the field in the previous three games before going 8 for 15 against Charlotte on Friday. “The biggest thing about him, even when he was struggling, he kept a smile on his face, he still came in to work every day and I could tell he didn't lose any confidence at all,” Hoiberg said. “For a 20-year-old to have that mentality is pretty impressive.”
PERFECT
The Bulls are 5-20, but 2-0 with Mirotic.
“I said to (assistant) Randy Brown on Friday that we were going to win,” Mirotic said. “He said, ‘Why?' I said, ‘Because I'm back.' I said we were going to win again today.”
DELAYED
The winter storm moving across the Eastern portion of the country this weekend created a travel nightmare for the Bulls following the win at Charlotte. The team had to stay over Friday night and didn't land in Chicago until after 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon.
“We all got to the plane and thought we were going to get out of there (on Friday),” Hoiberg said. “It sounds like our pilot was on a commercial flight that ended up getting cancelled. This morning, the same thing.”
UP NEXT
Knicks: Host Atlanta on Sunday night.
Bulls: Host Boston on Monday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Attack on US lawmakers: what we know
A rifle-toting US man opened fire Wednesday at about two dozen Republican lawmakers and staff holding a baseball practice ahead of a charity game, wounding a top congressman and four others.
The shooter — identified as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson, an apparent supporter of former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders — later died of his injuries, President Donald Trump announced.
Here's what we know about the shooting:
– What happened? –
Republican lawmakers were practicing at a baseball field in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia ahead of Thursday night's annual charity game against their Democratic counterparts when Hodgkinson fired a volley of shots.
Republican Majority Whip Steve Scalise, the party's number three in the House of Representatives, suffered a hip injury in the early morning ambush.
Capitol police who were on security duty returned fire, as did Alexandria police who rushed to the scene. The suspect was apprehended, and the five people wounded were taken to area hospitals.
– Who was wounded? –
* Scalise. He suffered a hip injury and underwent surgery at a Washington hospital. He was listed in critical condition after the operation.
* Zachary Barth, an aide to Representative Roger Williams
* Lobbyist and former congressional staffer Matt Mika, who was reportedly in critical condition with multiple gunshots
* Two Capitol Police officers
– Who was the shooter? –
Hodgkinson, who appears to have been the owner of a home inspection business, was a strong supporter of Sanders, who challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
Sanders said he was “sickened” by the attack.
The shooter hailed from Belleville, Illinois, though his wife told ABC News that he had been living in Alexandria for the past two months.
Hodgkinson's social media posts displayed strong anti-Trump sentiment.
His brother Michael told The New York Times that “he wasn't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff.”
– Political aftermath –
Trump called for national unity in the wake of the shooting, as did House Speaker Paul Ryan and Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
All votes in the House of Representatives were cancelled for Wednesday.
The annual Congressional baseball game will go on as planned Thursday night at Nationals Park in the US capital.
The post Attack on US lawmakers: what we know appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
