By Mike Swanger
Tony Stewart's Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions 35th annual Ohio Sprint Speedweek will stop at NAPA Wayne County Speedway for the 4th leg of the eight races in nine nights series on Monday, June 19th for the Duffy Smith Memorial 30 lap, $5,000 to win feature. With many tracks on and off the week-long series through out the years, ‘Orrville's Historic Oval' has held the most Speedweek races over the previous 34 years.
Chad Kemenah is the current points leader of the ASCoC for 2017 and is also the defending Speedweek champion. Rico Abreu, who has won Sprint and Midget races all across the country including the Chili Bowl, won last seasons Duffy Smith Memorial and is scheduled to be at NAPA WCS on Monday.
The 8 race series will have a $3,000 point fund plus additional monies for drivers that win 2 or more races during the series plus more dollars for more wins.
In addition to the ASCoC Sprints, the Lowes Super Stocks will be chasing after $1,000 to win Danny Gardner Memorial that will be 27 laps in length, which was Gardner's car number. In the 70's and 80's, Danny Gardner won many Late Model features and track championship's all around the Buckeye State and then became the set up and mechanic for his son Brandon's Super Stock #27. Danny Gardner passed away last November 23.
This will be a non points race for the Lowes Super Stocks but all drivers who race will be given show points. Second and third place finishers will also receive trophies.
Gates will open at 3 pm with hot laps at 6 pm and qualifying after that with 1st race at 7 pm. For more information, go to www.waynecountyspeedway.com
Anna M. Ruyle, 93
GILLESPIE (March 19, 2018) – Anna M. “Annie” Ruyle, 93, of Gillespie passed away at 8:54 a.m., Thursday, March 15, 2018, at Community Memorial Hospital in Staunton.
She was born Dec. 29, 1924, in Granite City to George and Anna (Kabinsky) Gregus. She married Kenny Ruyle on May 3, 1958, in Gillespie; he survives.
Mrs. Ruyle was a homemaker. She enjoyed doll collecting, painting on canvas and cooking.
In addition to her husband, surviving are her children, Peter Greg (Cathy) Visintin and Gary Ray (Roseann) Visintin, both of Gillespie; grandchildren, Matthew Visintin of St. Louis, Mo., Bradley (Meghan) Visintin of Springfield and Pete (Liz) Visintin of Gillespie; great-grandchild, Zephaniah Visintin of Gillespie; and sibling, Mary Lou Gregus.
She was preceded in death by her parents and brothers, George Gregus and John Gregus.
Her body was donated to Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, Mo. No public services are scheduled. Kravanya Funeral Home in Gillespie is in charge of the arrangements.
Memorials may be made to Fight the Fight.
Anyone wishing to send an online condolence may do so at kravanyafuneral.com.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — Nashville Mayor Megan Barry revealed Wednesday that she had an extramarital affair with the former head of her security detail, apologized and said she plans to continue serving in office.
In a news release, the mayor said she accepts full responsibility for the pain she caused her family and the family of Sgt. Robert Forrest, her former security chief. She apologized to her husband, Bruce, who she said remains committed to their marriage.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Nashville Mayor Megan Barry apologizes for extramarital affair 1:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And she apologized to the people of Nashville, adding that she remains firmly committed to working hard to serve them. The popular mayor, who was elected in 2015, said progress has been made to offer affordable housing, improve to public education and promote better transportation options, but there's more work to be done.
She stood alone in front of TV cameras as she explained herself to reporters for about 15 minutes Wednesday night, telling them she's embarrassed, sad and sorry for all the pain she has caused.
She continued on to assure that nothing illegal happened and no policies were violated. Her office released records of her text messages, calendar and travel expenses and records, and Barry said she will be transparent in cooperating with possible investigations.
Mayor Megan Barry holds a news conference https://t.co/uH16TDD2ru — Tennessean (@Tennessean) February 1, 2018
"I know that God will forgive me, but that Nashville doesn't have to," Barry said during the news conference. "And I hope that I can earn their trust and I can earn your trust back, and that you will forgive me."
The first-term mayor's admission follows the painful loss of the Barrys' only son, Max, in July after an overdose on a combination of several drugs, including two opioids.
"This is a very bad day. And I'm going to have several more bad days. But this is not my worst day," Barry said Wednesday. "And I will tell you I know the difference between a mistake, I made a serious mistake, but this is not a tragedy."
God will forgive me, but the people of Nashville don't have to. In the weeks and months to come, I will work hard to earn your forgiveness and earn back your trust. https://t.co/z5tNpBhjrW — Megan Barry (@MayorMeganBarry) January 31, 2018
She said the affair started several months after she came into her administration. She said it was discovered through conversations between their two spouses and personal conversations. She would not say when the affair ended, only saying that it's over.
She accumulated more than $33,000 in travel expenses combined between her and Forrest from January 2017 to late October 2017, and said all of the trips were business-related.
Forrest said on Jan. 17 he would retire Wednesday after 31-plus years with Metro Nashville Police. He spent 14 years of that tenure supervising the mayor's security detail over three administrations.
Related: Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens admits affair after blackmail accusations surface
In a separate news release Wednesday, Forrest said he never violated his oath as a police officer or engaged in actions that would abuse the public trust. The retired officer asked for privacy as he seeks to rebuild the trust of those he loves the most.
"I deeply regret that my professional relationship with Mayor Barry turned into a personal one," Forrest said in the release. "This has caused great pain for my wife, my family, friends and colleagues."
Barry also said she doesn't want this incident to "muddy" the "Me Too" women's movement.
"The 'Me Too' movement is about women who have been sexually harassed and economically disadvantaged for hundreds of years," Barry said. "This is about two middle-aged, consenting adults who had feelings for each other, and were human and had failings."
LONDON (AP) — London police say that the death toll in the apartment building fire has increased to 17 people and is likely to rise even further.
Police Commander Stuart Cundy says that there is no suggestion the blaze was terror-related. Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton says specialist dogs would start searching the 24-story building.
Meanwhile, 44 households were given emergency accommodation after the blaze ripped through the tower on Wednesday. The local council says families with young children, elderly residents and the vulnerable were given “immediate priority.”
British Prime Minister Theresa May has visited the site of the high-rise blaze.
May didn't speak with journalists during the visit. On Wednesday, she promised a “proper investigation” into the cause of the blaze.
Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip have paid tribute to London firefighters whose bravery prevented a greater loss of life in the high-rise fire.
The monarch and the Duke of Edinburgh also have hailed volunteers offering support to dozens of victims from the devastating blaze.
The queen says “Prince Philip and I would like to pay tribute to the bravery of firefighters and other emergency services officers who put their own lives at risk to save others.”
London's fire commissioner says that firefighters have been traumatized by the devastation they witnessed during the high-rise apartment blaze.
Firefighters have extinguished the last of the flames at the 24-story and are now working to make the building safe so they can continue the search for more victims.
Entire families are missing, and the death toll is certain to rise. Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton told Sky would be a miracle if anyone were to be found alive.
Cotton says that firefighters are having trouble with the aftermath. She says “we like to think of ourselves as ‘roughty, toughty' and heroes —they are heroes —but they have feelings, and people were absolutely devastated.”
Community centers in London have been overwhelmed by the number of donations flooding in for those left homeless by the fire.
So much food, clothing, shoes and other items have been coming in that the centers, churches and mosques have had to start turning away new donations.
Missing people posters have been put up throughout the north London neighborhood of North Kensington. Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has offered free food for survivors at one of his nearby eateries.
More than 1 million pounds ($1.27 million) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes.
SEATTLE (AP) — Protesters decrying hatred and racism converged around the country on Sunday, saying they felt compelled to counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
The gatherings spanned from a march to President Donald Trump's home in New York to candlelight vigils in several cities. In Seattle, police arrested three men and confiscated weapons as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown.
Some focused on showing support for the people whom white supremacists condemn. Other demonstrations were pushing for the removal of Confederate monuments, the issue that initially prompted white nationalists to gather in anger this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia. Still other gatherings aimed to denounce fascism and a presidential administration that organizers feel has let white supremacists feel empowered.
“People need to wake up, recognize that and resist it as fearlessly as it needs to be done,” said Carl Dix, a leader of the Refuse Fascism group organizing demonstrations in New York, San Francisco and other cities. “This can't be allowed to fester and to grow because we've seen what happened in the past when that was allowed.”
“It has to be confronted,” said Dix, a New Yorker who spoke by phone from Charlottesville Sunday afternoon. He had gone there to witness and deplore the white nationalist rally on a Saturday that spiraled into bloodshed.
In Seattle, a rally previously planned for Sunday by the conservative pro-Trump group known as Patriot Prayer drew hundreds of counterprotesters.
A barricade separated the two groups as police officers stood by dressed in black riot gear. At one intersection, police ordered crowds to disperse. Police said they used pepper spray and blast balls to disperse crowds after fireworks were thrown at officers. In a statement police say they observed some people in the counterprotest carrying axe handles and two-by fours-as they infiltrated the hundreds of peaceful demonstrators.
In Denver, several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about two miles to the state Capitol. In Fort Collins, Colorado, marchers chanted “Everyone is welcome here. No hate, no fear.” One demonstrator's sign said, “Make racists ashamed again.”
In New York, protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower, demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups involved in the violent confrontations in Charlottesville. One sign read: “Call out evil.”
Helen Rubenstein, 62, was among hundreds of people who marched through downtown Los Angeles. She said her parents were Holocaust survivors, and she's worried that extremist views were becoming normal under Trump's presidency.
“I blame Donald Trump 100 percent because he emboldened all these people to incite hate, and they are now promoting violence and killing,” Rubenstein said.
Charlottesville descended into violence Saturday after neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists gathered to “take America back” and oppose plans to remove a Confederate statue in the Virginia college town, and hundreds of other people came to protest the rally. The groups clashed in street brawls, with hundreds of people throwing punches, hurling water bottles and beating each other with sticks and shields.
Eventually, a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town. Both troopers on board died.
A crowd gathered on the street where the crash happened for a vigil Sunday evening. They sang “Amazing Grace” and prayed around piles of flowers that mark the spot where Heyer was killed.
Prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer, who attended the rally, denied all responsibility for the violence. He blamed the counter-protesters and police.
Trump condemned what he called an “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides,” a statement that Democrats and some of the president's fellow Republicans saw as equivocating about who was to blame. The White House later added that the condemnation “includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Some of the white nationalists at Saturday's rally cited Trump's victory, after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric, as validation for their beliefs. Some of the people protesting Sunday also point to the president and his campaign, saying they gave license to racist hatred that built into what happened in Charlottesville.
“For those who questioned whether ‘oh, don't call it fascism' … this should resolve those issues,” Reiko Redmonde, an organizer of a Refuse Fascism protest planned in San Francisco, said by phone. “People need to get out in the streets to protest, in a determined way.”
At least 12 revellers have suffered burns from a noxious substance at a nightclub.
The incident in Dalston, east London, forced the evacuation of the venue where around 600 revellers had been at an event, it is understood.
Roads were closed as emergency services, including a hazardous area response team, rushed to the scene after the alarm was raised in the early hours of Monday morning.
The London Ambulance Service (LAS) said it had taken 10 patients to hospital, while police said a further two people with similar injuries sought treatment at a hospital.
A witness tweeted: “Scary scenes in Hackney tonight, we have heard reports of chemical burns of people in the building here.”
Scary scenes in Hackney tonight, we have heard reports of chemical burns of people in the building here pic.twitter.com/ZLpRGlKd15 — Phie McKenzie (@PhieMcKenzie) April 17, 2017
A Scotland Yard spokesman said: “Police were called to a licensed premise in Sidworth Street, Dalston, at approximately 1.10am on 17 April, after members of the public complained of a noxious substance.
“London Fire Brigade and London Ambulance Service were called to the scene. Ten people have been treated for minor burns at the scene and taken to east London hospitals by LAS.
“Another two people presented themselves at an east London hospital with similar injuries. All victims' injuries are non-life threatening.”
We have taken 10 patients to hospital following an incident on Warburton Road, E8. Full statement on our website https://t.co/a9cxOz5nGe pic.twitter.com/lFlVDJBuum — London Ambulance (@Ldn_Ambulance) April 17, 2017
No arrests have been made and police are investigating the incident.
Stuart Crichton, LAS assistant director of operations, said: “We were called at 1:09am today, Monday 17 April, to reports of an incident on Warburton Road, E8.
“We sent multiple resources to the scene including paramedics in cars, ambulance crews, a number of officers an advanced paramedic and our hazardous area response team. We have taken 10 patients to hospital.”
Around 200 people had left the premises before the arrival of emergency services, with a further 400 evacuated from the building.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – From now through the end of winter, motorists who drive downtown will have to find a detour.
Indianapolis Department of Public Works crews shut down the Capitol Avenue bridge Monday morning.
The bridge is at the intersection of Capitol Avenue and Fall Creek Parkway.
DPW officials said this closure is because of aging infrastructure.
“As long as they're trying to do something good and get it together, and repair it, it's a good thing for it to be done,” said Felicia Daniel, who uses the bridge daily.
The bridge is over 100 years old.
“With this project specifically, there were some concerns with the infrastructure of the bridge, so the superstructure, the beams,” said Warren Stokes, a spokesman for DPW.
The city will spend nearly $2 million repairing the bridge. They'll replace some of the beams, the pavement and the railings. The historical design will be preserved.
DPW says it was simply wear and tear thanks to Fall Creek.
The bridge runs southbound. DPW is suggesting you take Meridian Street to get downtown.
“I just have to go around the other streets, so it takes a while to get home,” said Ariana Pearson, who goes to school at nearby Ivy Tech.
“It's easy to go on the bridge instead of taking the back roads,” said Jared Bleah, who also uses the bridge daily.
“We know the detours can take people ways they're not used to taking but this is just all for the safety not only of now for our construction crews and pedestrians and motorists, but also for safety in the future,” said Stokes.
This is the second bridge crossing the creek to close this year.
In an emergency move back in January. the city shut the Central Avenue bridge. At the time, the city said it was because of erosion and that the bridge was at risk of collapsing.
“With these bridges, Fall Creek has been here forever, it's part of Indianapolis and we want to do our best to take care of it,” said Stokes.
The Central Avenue bridge will take two years to replace. But the Capitol Avenue bridge should be completed by the winter. Construction is set to begin in earnest next week.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
A Pennsylvania family has been reunited with its dog nearly 10 years after she went missing.
Abby, a black lab lab mix, ran away from the Suierveld's Apollo, Pennsylvania home in 2008. The Suiervelds were devastated, and assumed Abby was gone forever.
But earlier this week, Abby turned up on the porch of George Speiring's house in Lower Burrell — located about 10 miles away from the Suierveld's house.
Speiring called police, who notified animal rescue workers. They quickly realized that Abby was microchipped, and hours later, she was on her way home for the first time in 10 years.
Abby is healthy and the Suiervelds think that another family may have been looking after her for the past decade. But according to Debra Suierveld, Abby still remembers that she and her daughter taught the dog.
“It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back,” Suierveld told USA Today. “It's pretty awesome.”
Some came in costumes depicting the horrors of rights violations.
By MARYA SALAMAT
Bulatlat.com
MANILA – Bright and colorful Christmas lanterns and lights were twinkling at storefronts and light posts when an estimated 8,000 protesters marched to Chino Roces Bridge (formerly Mendiola) on December 10, International Human Rights Day. With the country already into its traditionally long Christmas season, and amid fresh news of threats of martial law in the air, how did it affect the protesters of human rights violations?
The usual program was still held to formally mark the day. They held it December 10 afternoon at the Bonifacio Shrine in Manila. Speakers from various groups and sectors contributed to the annual reckoning of how much the government has contributed to the statistics of extra-judicial killings, filing of allegedly falsified charges, criminalizing of democratic acts of dissent, and pushing “development” projects that force people into low-paid jobs, hunger and homelessness, evacuation, protests and rebellion, among others.
Human rights defenders from all over Metro Manila and some provinces shouted out the disparity between President Duterte's claims and promises and what the people have actually received.
“Duterte is not only lying about drugs, so-called federalism and the elitist RevGov. He and his court jesters are misrepresenting the Filipinos' desire for authentic change with his drive towards one-man rule,” said Joel Saracho, spokesperson of LODI (Let's Organize for Democracy and Integrity), a group of artists and media workers.
Raling gabi with lighted torches, mural effigies
The human rights defenders marched to Chino Roces Bridge (formerly Mendiola) by nightfall of December 10. They lighted and carried torches and chanted slogans asking who the real terrorists are, as well as predicting the downfall of the “dictator, puppet Duterte.” Some came in costumes depicting the horrors of rights violations.
Protesters from Caloocan such as the Youth Movement Against Tyranny wore black garbage bags to dramatize the increasing number of killed urban poor due to President Duterte's drug war.
The Youth Act Now Against Tyranny, an alliance of more than 300 student councils, publications and organizations that mobilizes students and youth to join in protests in various areas of the country, denounced “the series of killings and human rights violations under a looming dictatorship of President Duterte.”
Aside from members looking like walking body bags, they brought a huge cross with the calls “Stop the Killings” on one side and “Just Peace” on the others side. Older women opted to diss the president's penchant for tough talking and threatening or ordering the government troops to kill. They called Duterte a pest, and a “Boy Ratrat (Mr Pepper-you-with-bullets).”
The group Scientists Resist Tyranny raised high their fists and calls through cardboard cutouts.
In closing the Human Rights Day program in Mendiola, an enormous Duterte mural effigy with a design that took a politicized leaf from lantern parades was rolled near the stage.
The effigy visualized the ordinary people's condemnation of President Duterte's killings and trash talk. Meanwhile, protesters decried the growing number of human rights violations his various wars have been causing. The president's evil eyes in the mural effigy were portrayed as lighted with fire.
Five students of Fine Arts from UP whom are members of Ugat-Lahi artists collective squeezed the making of the mural in between completing their requirements for finals. The enormous mural effigy “unfolded” to reveal Duterte's “real face” inside. It lit up like a lantern at first and took 15 minutes, three songs, to burn.
The protesters concluded the rally with vows to persist in defending human rights. They will be back in Mendiola. It will not be a prosperous new year, this much they anticipated from the lack of wage hike and end to contractualization, the lack of land reform, lack of substantial improvement in health, education, transportation, jobs, and the new slew of regressive taxes under Duterte's proposed tax reforms.
“Instead of addressing the root cause of people's discontent mainly borne out of landlessness, poverty and injustice through pursuing peace talks with revolutionary groups, President Duterte chose to launch an all-out war by terminating the peace talks and threatening to re-arrest NDFP peace consultants. He let the AFP and PNP a free hand to launch attacks against the mostly in poor rural communities,” warned Anakpawis Rep. Ayik Casilao.
Pluto TV scores Al Jazeera English for online viewing Pluto TV is adding Al Jazeera English, the Qatar-based news channel, to its internet-delivery orbit. Al Jazeera English had aired in the US both online and on TV but was...
Spotify exec looks to expand TV streaming company Ken Parks, the former Spotify content boss who ventured into the streaming TV field, appears to be carving something of a niche for his Pluto TV. Parks told us the...
Bloomberg Media loses chief revenue officer Paul Caine is out at Bloomberg Media only two years after he landed as the division's chief revenue officer. Caine told surprised staffers he is working on something that he...
Bloomberg TV's Stephanie Ruhle is moving to MSNBC MSNBC has brought in a new face as part of its hard news overhaul. The cable news outfit scooped up Bloomberg TV morning anchor Stephanie Ruhle, who will appear for...
Bloomberg TV stars appear on rival networks Some Bloomberg insiders are rankled that two big stars of Bloomberg TV — Mark Halperin and John Heilemann — are appearing on other networks, particularly those of NBCUniversal. Last Wednesday,...
Is Bloomberg Media CEO Justin Smith the next to leave? The powerful triumvirate inside Bloomberg — once nicknamed “Jay cubed” — is now down to just one J: Bloomberg Media CEO Justin Smith. And there are growing whispers inside and...
Global executive editor and Bloomberg TV anchor leave firm Bloomberg is facing after-shocks well past its big shake-up earlier this month. Global Executive Editor Kevin Reynolds, a 23-year veteran of the company who helped build its popular “First Word”...
Turmoil leads to Bloomberg TV exodus There's static at Bloomberg TV. Bloomberg LP's cable business network lost an executive producer this week, the latest in a string of at least 11 departures during an especially tumultuous...
Bloomberg's Bolton signs off, heads to Fox In the continuing shuffle of business news networks' anchor chairs, on Friday Bloomberg TV lost Deirdre Bolton to Fox Business Network, sources tell On the Money. There is believed to...
In a rare joint statement, the U.S and U.K. last week warned that Russia is actively preparing for a future cyberwar against the West.
Of particular concern, according to a joint technical alert issued by the U.S. Computer Emergency Response Team, is a Russian cyberattack on network infrastructure devices such as routers, switches and firewalls. Compromised routers, the alert says, help Russia "support espionage, extract intellectual property, maintain persistent access to victim networks, and potentially lay a foundation for future offensive operations."
So what should individuals or companies or government officials be looking for?
Jeanette Manfra, the Department of Homeland Security's cybersecurity chief, tells NPR that one technique to compromise security is called "spoofing."
"It allows an actor to pretend that they're the computer, or the device that you think you're talking to, so they get into the middle of a connection between two different devices, and they can spy on the traffic that is going back and forth, they can manipulate the traffic," she says.
Interview Highlights
On what action Americans should take
It's reasonably simple: The vendors [of network infrastructure devices, like routers and switches] are putting out guidance, or have been putting out guidance that are specific to the make and model of their network device. So organizations need to go check what the vendor is, the make and the model – you can get online, you can download the vendor guidance for how to address it.
On the government's responsibility in trying to prevent cyberattacks
We've been issuing guidance or alerts, whether it's vulnerabilities that we see. We've been issuing a series of alerts on North Korean activity. But of course we want to continue to ensure that there are consequences for malicious behavior. My department is focused on defense and ensuring that network defenders have what they need. But there are other tools that the government has to deter this activity, whether that's sanctions, criminal penalties, diplomatic engagement – there's a lot that the government is doing to try to impose consequences on this type of irresponsible behavior.
On whether a cyberattack should be considered an act of war
This has been a question our government has been thinking about for some time. I think of it in terms of actions against our critical infrastructure and our country that would have consequences about public health or safety or economic security – we would take that very, very seriously.
Steve Tripoli and Ana Lucia Murillo edited and produced this interview for broadcast. Heidi Glenn adapted it for the Web.
Fear that Facebook Inc.'s latest black eye will touch off a regulatory avalanche sent the tech-heavy Nasdaq indexes to the steepest losses in six weeks.
Facebook tumbled the most since 2015 after reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of users without their consent. That's drawn the ire of officials on both sides of the Atlantic, with many calling on Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg to appear before lawmakers.
The scrutiny renewed speculation that legislators might crack down on social media and online retailing companies that control vast amounts of personal information on millions of Americans.
“The Facebook stuff is extraordinarily important for the overall market,” Michael Purves, Weeden & Co.'s chief global strategist, said by phone. “If the regulatory clouds come on Facebook, certainly Google and Amazon will face increasing questions about their ability to generate outsized earnings growth if the regulators are going to be beating them.”
The Nasdaq 100 Index sank 2.5 percent and the Nasdaq Composite was off 2.2 percent at 1 p.m. in New York, the steepest slides since Feb. 8, when the market entered its first correction in two years. The tech gauges had reclaimed late-January highs before Monday's rout.
Apple Inc. also roiled the sector, as plans to build its own displays weighed on suppliers around the globe. The iPhone maker fell 0.7 percent after reports the company has a secret manufacturing facility in California for designing and producing its own device displays. The news reverberated across the supply chain, with some of the company's biggest competitors tumbling. Japan Display Inc., Sharp Corp. and Samsung Electronics Co. all fell.
Micron, the second-best stock in the Nasdaq 100 this year, added to the misery with investors sending it down 3 percent three days before its quarterly earnings report. The stock was up 131 percent in the past year.
The selloff came after investors poured cash into technology shares last week at a rate not seen since the height of the dot-com bubble. Investors last week pumped $3.3 billion into the PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1, the biggest exchange-traded fund tracking the Nasdaq 100 index, on speculation the group would continue its market-beating run.
The Nasdaq 100 was up almost 10 percent this year through Friday, more than triple the S&P 500 Index's return. Google parent Alphabet Inc. lost 3.4 percent, while Amazon fell 2.4 percent.
“Nothing really positive has happened in tech, but it continues to receive inflows due to the fact that portfolio managers see tech as a secular growth story that simultaneously offers exposure to growth while also being somewhat insulated from other market forces,” Tom Essaye, founder of “The Sevens Report,” wrote in a note to clients Monday.
It's a sea change for the FAANG group that for months was seen as a monolith that would climb higher, together, forever. Now as the tech heavyweights fall, it's apparent just what's at stake when investors are so reliant on the performance of a few names.
“If technology is the only area of current leadership, and that begins to soften, that leaves the market vulnerable,” MKM Partners technical analyst Jonathan Krinsky wrote in a note.
While last week set a high watermark for inflows, tech has been dominating all year around the globe. Investors have poured $9.8 billion into the sector since December, according to a Bank of America note from last week citing EPFR Global Data, a pace that would put the total near $50 billion by year's end.
Looking at the PowerShares ETF, which is better known by its ticker QQQ, Apple is the top holding and Facebook also makes the top five. Combined, the two tech behemoths make up almost 17 percent of the portfolio. The ETF fell 2.8 percent, the most since Feb. 8.
“The FAANG stocks are a considerable portion of the return this year, yet again,” Matt Schreiber, president and chief investment strategist at WBI Investments, said by phone. “If they start to perform poorly, it's possible the market could lose some of its positive directionality it has had because it has been the leadership in the return.”
The selloff in tech stocks, the market's biggest winner in 2018, comes at an inconvenient time for the S&P 500, which now hovers near its 50-day moving average after oscillating around the key level over the past month. The industry, the biggest in the benchmark index with 25 percent representation, is also the only one that has fully recovered from the February rout and climbed to fresh highs.
Image caption A floral tribute was placed at the site of the collision
A man and woman killed after their car crashed on the A937 near Marykirk Bridge have been named by police.
Scott Mowatt, 31, and Paisley Bates, 26, who were both from Arbroath, died after the vehicle went through the parapet of a bridge and fell down a steep slope.
A second man was taken to hospital with serous injuries after the crash in the early hours of Sunday.
An investigation into the incident is continuing.
A Police Scotland spokesman said both families were "understandably upset by their sudden loss."
The crash scene was in Angus, just beyond the Aberdeenshire border.
The Montrose to Laurencekirk road was closed for several hours while investigations were carried out.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
STILWELL, Kan. -- It's a new season for the Blue Valley Tiger football team. A new season means new goals.
"I'm excited to get back to the State Championship game. We have a lot of traditions here so just to keep it going would be awesome," Owen Olsen, senior linebacker, said.
Olsen and teammate Blake Brown, a senior wide receiver, said the team is playing for more than wins this season.
"Coach D just brought a special light wherever he went. Weight room, field, just the tradition he carried. Everybody looked up to him. He was a great guy and a great coach," Olsen said.
"He was a father figure. Everyone looked up to him no matter how much they knew him or not. He almost seemed like he was invincible to some of us. We just loved him so much," Brown said.
Former head coach Eric Driskell suddenly died in February of a ruptured brain aneurism. He was only 43 years old. Coach Driskell took the head coaching position in 2010 where he led the Tiger to two state championships. But it's what he did for his players off of the field that new head coach Allen Terrell said he treasures the most.
"He lived his word. He was all of those things. He was how you want your son to be as a husband, as a father, as a teacher, as a coach. He lived his word every day and we got to see it and hoped to be like him and worked to be like he was," Coach Terrell said.
It's because of that love and leadership that players said they are pushing themselves to ensure their performance on the field reflects the inspiration they are getting from above it.
"It'll be special because I know that's what he wants, he'd want us to put in as much work as we can, do the best we can on and off the field and in the classroom," Olsen said.
"I think it means a whole lot because if we can play for him that's exactly what he'd want. Just for us to go out, he wasn't a guy that would talk about wins or losses so he just wanted us to be the best you you could be," Brown said.
× Lawrence man charged with rape, arrested on KU campus
LAWRENCE, Mo. — A 19-year-old Lawrence man has been charged in Johnson County with rape. Terrance Redmond, who lives on the University of Kansas campus, is accused of forcing himself upon a woman he had previously dated even though she says she told him ‘no.'
The incident for which he's accused occurred in March at his Johnson County residence, while the two were watching videos on the couch.
According to the affidavit, the woman said he held her down with the weight of his body and kissed her so forcefully she had trouble breathing. She said her phone started to ring and she told Redmond it was her father and she needed to answer it.
After she left the apartment, she says they exchanged text messages about the alleged assault.
She provided police the following exchange that she said was a text conversation with Redmond:
Redmond (according to police):
That was actually an accident.
Woman:
It hurt me and when I moved and screeched in pain you tried to do it again why
Redmond (according to police):
I wasn't thinking straight. I f**ked up big time I know
Woman:
Couldn't you see the fear and pain in my eyes
Redmond (according to police):
Again my mind was clouded and I didn't fully realize until after. The real me wouldn't try to harm you like that
Police say Redmond admitted to them that he and the woman had not been intimate when they dated. He denied raping her.
Bond was set at $100,000.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A 23-year-old man who was “out for blood” when he attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday, authorities said.
During a meeting with undercover FBI agents in June, Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, said he held “III% ideology” and wanted “to start the next revolution,” a reference to the “Three Percenters” patriot movement — begun in 2008, galvanized by President Barack Obama's election — and that has rallied against gun control efforts and pledges resistance to the federal government over the infringement of constitutional rights.
Federal officials arrested Varnell early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell is charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
U.S. Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma, a member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, said the allegations are a somber reminder that Americans must remain vigilant about home-grown extremism and radicalization in local communities.
On Saturday, a rally by white nationalists and others opposed to a plan to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville, Virginia, park turned violent and led to the death of a 32-year-old woman who was struck by a car allegedly driven by a man into a crowd of people protesting the rally. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and “that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation.”
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell “claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed” and indicated he was trying to build a team, the complaint states.
“I'm out for blood,” the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
“There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation,” said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with him on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that he had previously made homemade explosives and that he “was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement,” the complaint says.
“Something needs to be done,” Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated he wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what he believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by himself from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that he believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was “retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people” and “an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions.”
Both of Oklahoma's Republican U.S. senators said the alleged plot could have rivaled the devastation caused by the Oklahoma City bombing 22 years ago.
“It is chilling to think that a sympathizer of Timothy McVeigh would want to act on hate, as a tribute to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil before September 11,” Lankford said.
Sen. Jim Inhofe said law enforcement authorities “successfully prevented a hateful act of domestic terrorism.”
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
Farmakas is a village in the Nicosia district 5 km east of Palaichori and 40 km away from the Nicosia. It is in the foothills of Troodos mountains. The village church is dedicated to Saint Irene and celebrates on May 5, with thousands of believers to come to pilgrimage, bringing along their offerings. Agia Irini is considered patroness of mesh and according to narrations elders of the community, often the picture of Agia thafmatourgise, healing patients ‘ eyes. A tradition says that the name of the village derived from the adjective or the profession of the first man who resided here and who made medicines. Products produced by the many herbs that grew in the area. A second explanation is that the area they were collecting herbs for medicines made by the monks. Farmakas would be the area with various herbs. A third explanation regarding the name of the village is that the name originated from ‘ farmatziin ‘ (poison), the bitter cold during the winter months.
Farmakas is indicative of Cyprus' and Mediterranean mountain village culture, with an easy-going lifestyle, fresh open air, year-round agriculture, healthy cuisine, and of course hospitable people. Engulfed in the majestic and rugged Troodos Mountain range, the village of Farmakas is a perfect place to explore the inner heart of the island and picturesque surroundings – experiencing the many mountain cultural traditions, sightseeing historical wonders and exploring nature itself. A great spot to truly live the Cyprus village lifestyle. Farmakas' location makes it an ideal platform to explore rural Cyprus – the villages of the mountain region – yet still relatively close to all main cities, Limassol, Nicosia, Larnaca and Paphos not to miss out on the sun, beach and city aspects. Staying in Farmakas is ideal for a short escape during your trip to Cyprus. It can be a great option and refreshing change to the summer heat, or a cosy journey during the cooler months. The same holds true for those already living in Cyprus, offering the perfect weekend and holiday break.
Activities and Places of Interest
Visit “Santa Irene” church in the middle of the village. Visit “Santa irene” and “Ierambelos Restaurant” to taste traditional Cyprus village food and wine. Walk through the many local Farmakas vineyards, and see the production and produce of the local wine. Walk in the many nature and hiking trails in the Troodos Mountains (Part of the Unesco Global Geopark). Go for cycling to explore Cyprus hidden land.
Courtesy of the CTO
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
For those who need a parent – but don't want their own – there is a service that will allow one to rent stand-ins.
China, already known for rented girlfriends and boyfriends, is now offering people an opportunity to rent fake parents to avoid potentially awkward situations.
The service costs around $7.50 an hour and seems to grow in popularity both on and offline. Advertisements for the rented parents are posted in Chinese newspapers and on the internet, calling out specific events where their services might be needed.
“Do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend who wants to meet your parents but you actually don't want them to meet?” asks one advert on the Chinese Internet, Yahoo Style reports.
But those acting as a stand-in parents aren't the only ones advertising. Consumers are equally vocal about needing a fake mom or dad.
“A rented parent is needed,” one person commented. “Just need to make a phone call to my teacher.”
Another asked: “Is there anyone in Shanghai who can be rented as parents to have a meal with my girlfriend?”
Those who provide this kind of acting aren't just in it for the money, but want to actually help.
The Global Times newspaper spoke to a rent-a-parent who takes his “profession” very seriously.
“I study psychology,” the fake dad told the newspaper. “No matter how nasty your teacher gets, I won't get angry.”
Rentable parents may be the new trend, but China has been renting out other intimate relationships for a few years now.
The country, which still has arranged marriages, has seen an increase in rented boyfriends and girlfriends – especially around the holidays. There has also been a growing trend of people renting themselves out as friends on “rent me” apps.
WASHINGTON — The number of applications for the H-1B visas used by high-tech companies and others to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. dropped this year after years on the rise, the government said Monday.
It is unclear exactly why, but experts pointed to Trump administration promises to crack down on the abuses in the program, discussion of tougher vetting of foreigners and business decisions by the Indian outsourcing firms that are heavy users of the program.
A total of 199,000 applications were received in five days for just 85,000 visas for fiscal year that begins Oct. 1, the fifth year running that the cap was exceeded in a week or less and a sign that demand still badly outstrips supply. As a result, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services again distributed the visas by lottery.
But the number was down from 236,000 applications, known as petitions, the previous year. The number had been rising every year since 2013, when it took 73 days to receive 85,000 applications.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana (2:50) Recreational cannabis is a $6 billion industry that is projected to reach $50 billion in legal annual sales by 2026. Here's what you need to know if you're thinking of investing in marijuana.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Fired KPMG audit head: How did Scott Marcello fall from grace?
Behind United Airlines' fateful decision to call police.
CONCORD, N.H. — With Republican Gov. Chris Sununu on board, advocates for marijuana decriminalization hope this is the year New Hampshire joins its New England neighbors in removing criminal penalties for possessing pot.
But the measure is facing challenges in the Senate, where lawmakers aligned with police chiefs are working to water it down. Lawmakers, police and advocates alike agree some form of decriminalization will likely reach Sununu's desk. Up for debate, though, is what amount of weed will be allowed and how much discretion cops should have to make arrests.
“The public seems to want this,” Franklin Police Chief David Goldstein said. “But at the same time, we still recognize our responsibility to be the guardians, if you will, of public safety.”
While the rest of New England has already decriminalized possession of small amounts of marijuana, efforts to do so in New Hampshire have failed for 40 years. But as neighboring Maine and Massachusetts move to full legalization, advocates say it doesn't make sense for New Hampshire to continue arresting people for a seemingly minor offense. Former Gov. Maggie Hassan, a Democrat, was opposed to decriminalization, but Sununu backs it.
“The prohibition is crumbling,” said Matt Simon, New England political director for the Marijuana Policy Project. “We at least need to stop arresting people and tying up the criminal justice system with possession cases.”
A 2013 study from the American Civil Liberties Union found the state spent $6.5 million in 2010 enforcing marijuana laws.
The House overwhelmingly backed the decriminalization bill in March, on a vote of 318 to 36. The bill would make it a violation, which carries a fine but no criminal penalty, for anyone over 21 to possess one ounce of marijuana or less. It explicitly said the police could not arrest someone for possessing that amount of marijuana, and on a first offense someone would face a charge of $100.
In the Senate, a new change by GOP Majority Leader Jeb Bradley would reduce that amount to half an ounce or less. It also removes the prohibition on arrests and says someone caught possessing marijuana for a second time would be subject to a misdemeanor. It also ups the first-time fine to $300.
“It put the criminalization back into a decriminalization bill,” said Democratic Rep. Renny Cushing, prime sponsor of the original bill.
Bradley said he expects the amendment to change, and conversations are already underway. While the police chiefs would prefer not to have a decriminalization pass at all, Goldstein said they see “the handwriting on the wall” and want to be involved in a compromise. Cushing said he's willing to talk too, but that it's high time New Hampshire make a change to its marijuana laws.
“We want to have a punishment that fits the crime,” Cushing said. “We are a libertarian state where someone who's just doing something that would be legal in another state ought not face a year a jail.”
San Francisco chef Kathy Fang's Southern Fried Buttermilk Chicken is a crowd-pleaser at any time of year, but especially on Super Bowl Sunday, when hosts are looking for easy, delicious fare that won't chain them to the kitchen. (Courtesy Kathy Fang)
MOUNT VERNON, Wash. (AP) — A prosecutor says a man charged with killing five people at a mall in Washington state last year has been found dead in his jail cell.
Skagit County Prosecutor Rich Weyrich tells the Skagit Valley Herald (https://goo.gl/79PNrk ) that 20-year-old Arcan Cetin was found hanging in an apparent suicide Sunday evening.
Neither the prosecutor's office nor Cetin's attorney immediately returned messages from The Associated Press seeking confirmation.
Police say Cetin shot a teenage girl, a man and three women in a department store at Cascade Mall in Burlington, north of Seattle, on Sept. 23. Authorities captured him 30 hours later near his apartment.
His family said he suffered from psychiatric problems.
Cetin had been held in the Snohomish County Jail for about a month awaiting results of a mental competency evaluation.
Jacoby Ellsbury reportedly unlikely to waive no-trade clause
Jacoby Ellsbury is a natural candidate to be traded, but there is one big problem standing in the way: Ellsbury has a no-trade clause and would have to approve any deal. So far it sounds like he's not willing to waive it.
MLB.com's Mark Feinsand shared some information regarding Ellsbury on Monday:
Source says it's “unlikely” that Jacoby Ellsbury would waive his no-trade clause to leave the Yankees. — Mark Feinsand (@Feinsand) December 11, 2017
Ellsbury was already expected to be the Yankees' fourth outfielder and get some DH action, and that was before the team acquired Giancarlo Stanton. Now that they have Stanton in addition to Aaron Judge, Aaron Hicks and Brett Gardner, Ellsbury seems even more expendable.
The 34-year-old is signed through 2021 including a club option. The Yankees are reportedly willing to eat a good chunk of his contract to make him attractive to other teams. He is owed around $68 million guaranteed. If the Yankees eat half of that, he could be appealing if he were willing to be traded.
Gang injunctions have been in place in Wichita Falls for almost 12 years.
Similar law orders can be seen in the second largest city in the nation, Los Angeles.
The LA Times reported Thursday, a federal judge barred the city from enforcing nearly all its gang injunctions.
Here at home, Wichita Falls police say it is a tool that keeps our communities safe, but an attorney believes it violates civil rights.
Right now, the city of Wichita Falls has five gang injunctions.
Police say that includes five “Gang Safety Zones” where more than 80 listed gang members cannot do certain things.
“It does not limit every activity. It doesn't limit one's ability to be in that area and to be a productive member of society in that area,” said Sergeant Harold McClure, WFPD. “It just targets specific criminal gang behavior.”
Like possess alcohol at any time, have nails or screwdrivers or be in the area between specific hours, among other things.
Rick Bunch, a Wichita Falls lawyer and former Dallas police officer for ten years, said it violates civil rights.
“It's just not a good law. It's not good police practice. It's a simple way out, and it lends to the harassment of individuals who don't need to be harassed,” said Bunch. “It ruins families, and it hurts our justice system, I believe.”
Bunch said he agrees with the U.S. District Judge who believes Los Angeles did not give those alleged gang members an opportunity to challenge the civil restraining orders in court.
He said those who are put on it are given a short period of time to figure out their next move when it comes to fighting the case, adding they usually don't have money to take it to a judge.
Sergeant McClure said what it is fighting is crime.
“Violent crimes, property crimes, within our city has dramatically nose-dived between 2005 and current, and I do believe a huge contributing factor to that is this gang injunction,” said Sgt. McClure.
However, Bunch said crime rates are going down all across the United States due to a lot of different factors.
“And gang injunction is not the reason."
Another concern some have is the amount of time those civil restraining orders last.
Sgt. McClure said it is not forever, adding if those on the list stay out of trouble and do not participate in gang activities, it is lifted, but Bunch said all it takes is a simple mistake, like getting pulled over for having a tail light out.
“When that happens, they extend the injunction for another seven years, and so they're actually on there for 10 years,” said Bunch.
Sgt. McClure said the hope is that the individual that has been served finds others to associate with and gets away from a criminal lifestyle.
“Maybe they begin to rehabilitate and pick a different path in life,” he said.
He adds the Wichita Falls gang injunctions went to court in 2007, and it was upheld by a judge.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO, Calif. - The Sacramento SPCA is in need of donations after receiving nearly 300 bunnies Friday night.
The 286 rabbits of various ages are part of an ongoing investigation and are not up for adoption, according to KTXL.
Patrol officers with the Folsom Police Department discovered the rabbits at a home on Pine Grove Way while responding to a different call. After looking over a fence and noticing what they thought were 100 rabbits, they radioed Animal Control.
"From there, the Animal Control Officer went over and was able to see that there was much more than the 100 that she believed was there," said detective Donald Rowberry.
The City of Folsom only allows for two rabbits per household.
Authorities say their living conditions were not healthy.
"The main concern was the safety of the rabbits. They were in unsanitary conditions," said Rowberry.
The shelter received multiple breeds, including Angoras, Himalayans, Lionheads and Lops, from Folsom Animal Control.
SSPCA is in need of small litter boxes, small ceramic bowls, Timothy grass/hay, rabbit water bottles, rabbit toys and rabbit cages.
Their wishlist can be found on Amazon and cash donations can be made on the SSPCA website.
Late night update: More than 200 bunnies expected to arrive until late this evening. In great need of caging, Timothy hay, water bottles and rabbit toys. @sacbee_news pic.twitter.com/RQMvuJq8Nr — Sacramento SPCA (@SacramentoSPCA) March 17, 2018
When I moved to California a number of years ago, I had to figure out how to get started going out. Where should I go? Is it safe to go out? Should I go out alone or try to find some new friends on the West Coast who I could go with? What about the logistics, given that I am a part-time girl and have to keep my life compartmentalized? Well, part-time on the outside, I mean. On the inside I always feel like a woman.
After just a few weeks of arriving on the West Coast, I had already developed a routine. My go-to places were generally Denny's, Longs Drug, and Starbucks. I should mention that Longs Drug was bought out by CVS some years back, but at the time I moved here there were Longs Drug stores open 24/7 around here. It was a perfect opportunity for me to shop for cosmetics and use the ladies room if I needed to. At that time, I went to Denny's maybe three times per week, which of course added up to a bit of money. But they are open 24/7, so I could get out very early, even on a weekday before work, and be able to come back home without attracting too much attention in the apartment complex we lived in then.
Logistics is a key consideration for someone who is a part-time girl. For example, how do I get out of the house without my neighbors noticing me? Well, when we first arrived in California, I threw caution to the wind and didn't mind what the neighbors thought. I would walk, in full Kimberly ensemble including high heeled pumps and skirt, from our upper floor apartment to where my car was parked down below. I would go out in the early morning hours when it was dark, but with the lights in the parking lot anyone who peeked out their window could see me. A few times I even went out in broad daylight, in a dress and heels. Did the neighbors see me? I am not sure, but how could they not see me, was the conclusion I eventually came to.
Later on, I went back to only going out in the early morning hours of darkness in order to maintain greater privacy. And I developed a way that I could easily and quickly change out in the car. For example, if wearing a dress, I could pull on a hooded sweatshirt and jeans over my dress, and change into sneakers, before going back into our upstairs apartment. That, plus bring along a package of makeup remover towelettes to “take off the girl” before stepping out of my car. And of course remove the wig too. Such was life as a part-time girl. If I had been full time it would be easier than far as that goes.
This was how I got my start after moving to the West Coast, after about 18 months of going out as Kimberly on the East Coast. In my next essay I will continue the story of my early adventures on the West Coast.
Care to make a comment on this post? Login here and use the comment area below.
Category: Body & Soul, Out & About
Polly's Catfish Tournament
Last Updated: March 19, 2018 at 10:52 am
The Polly's 2nd annual Catfish Tournament will be held April 28. The format is two-man teams for a fee of $100. Big Fish entry is $25 and is optional. There is a 100 percent payback for the latter.
You do not have to launch that day from Polly's, but you must check back in at Polly's. First and second places will be awarded based on a maximum weight of four live catfish. Rod and reel only, no trout or bush lines. Fish will be checked.
The first boat will be out at 6 a.m. All teams must be back by 4 p.m. for weigh-in at 4:30 p.m.
Registration deadline is 10 p.m. April 27 at Polly's Campground and Restaurant.
Congressman Devin Nunes used the pro-Trump media playbook but veered away from a key tenet: The tease and build-up aren't just the appetizer, they're the entire meal.
For the last two weeks a secret — now released — memo from California Rep. Devin Nunes's office has torn apart lawmakers and dominated the political news cycle. Those on the right advocating for its release have touted the four-page document as an unprecedented example of government corruption and malfeasance exceeding that of even the Watergate revelations. But for those who've paid close attention to the pro-Trump media industrial complex over the last 18 months, the memo, and its attendant media circus, felt familiar. The breathless coverage, relentless tweets, and continual teases building up to what is hopefully a grand reveal was reminiscent of a tactic honed and perfected not by whistleblowers, but by partisan shock jocks. Indeed, the saga of #ReleaseTheMemo felt a lot less like the Pentagon Papers than it did a classic Alex Jones or Sean Hannity conspiracy gambit to hijack a news cycle. Much like Jones or Hannity, Nunes successfully weaponized the pro-Trump media and its online viral outrage machine, ultimately forcing the country to obsess and speculate over a largely political document. But while the congressman's tactics to release classified information feel cribbed from the pro-Trump media playbook, Nunes appears to have made a crucial mistake: actually releasing the memo. There are easy parallels between the Nunes memo and last year's Alex Jones/Megyn Kelly interview debacle, in which the Infowars host commandeered an effort to sandbag him on network TV and transformed it into a news-dominating Alex Jones spectacle. In the weeks leading up to the interview's air date, Jones repeatedly hinted that he had some contentious bit of information about it. Then, roughly 72 hours before air, he revealed it: surreptitiously recorded audio of Kelly offering to humanize and soften him in a preinterview.
Exclusive Sneak Peek @RealAlexJones @megynkelly The Interview! Full Interview to be released tonight on… https://t.co/VS3gwwa0db
Eventually, Infowars published roughly 10 minutes of Kelly's preinterview. The footage was far from the bombshell Jones had touted; it was little more than an embarrassing interview negotiation. But Jones continued to tease it. He said he had eight more hours of shocking audio that he planned to release in the days ahead. But he never did. The Kelly interview aired the following Sunday; the controversy subsided. And Jones moved on to the next outrage. The endless tease is a tactic Jones has perfected in recent years. But he's not the only member of the pro-Trump media to use it. Sean Hannity is another master of the form. Online, Hannity has become infamous for his innumerable “tick tock” teases. He claims he knows something “major” and will soon reveal it to the world. But promised revelations rarely live up to the hype.
But the ploy does draw eyeballs and ratings. Last May, Hannity — after weeks of propagating a conspiracy theory surrounding the unsolved murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich — took to Twitter to announce what sounded like a break in the case. He promised a “huge announcement” on his program. That evening, millions tuned in to hear it. The broadcast had a 50% increase in viewership, according to Nielsen. But there was no explosive announcement. Instead, Hannity delivered the polar opposite: a meandering monologue saying he would no longer talk about the story on the air.
Huge announcement tonight about Seth Rich, Trump/Russian Collusion corrupt media, the liberal effort to silence me. And my future at Fox!
Little wonder then that Hannity and Jones have been among the most vocal proponents of releasing Nunes's memo; the memo-release strategy seems ripped right from their pro-Trump media playbook (it's worth noting that Hannity reportedly advised the president on his decision to release the document, though he denies doing so). First, it tosses bold allegations into the realm of public opinion without full evidence or context. In the memo's case, the document's classified nature prevented its particulars from being discussed. But lawmakers were free to tease the vague contours and that was more than enough to convince Trump loyalists of wholesale corruption. Second, the memo saga built suspense with each day as reluctant government officials were forced to comment on or refute its importance. By the end of the multiweek campaign, the memo had become the biggest story in Washington. But Nunes' payoff was meager. Coverage of the memo — which hit a fever pitch this week when the FBI cautioned against releasing it — began to deflate as soon as it became clear that it would indeed be published. On Thursday evening, there was a “rising White House fear” that the “Nunes memo is a dud.” Indeed, its declassification Friday afternoon was arguably the least exciting day of the entire saga. And while its contents were relentlessly examined, their revelations hardly matched the breathless hype of the past few weeks. Once public, the more explosive claims in the document appeared hard to corroborate without access to the underlying evidence supporting them, none of which was released or declassified. On top of that, there's also a looming counter memo, written by Democrats, which has also not been released. Perhaps that's because the Nunes memo departed from the pro-Trump media playbook in an crucial way — the reveal. After weeks of coverage, protest, and hand wringing, the #ReleaseTheMemo campaign had accomplished what it set out to do: push forward a narrative of corruption and anti-Trump bias. Without divulging classified information, Trump loyalists portrayed themselves and the administration as victims: They easily muddied the waters between fact, fiction, and partially true (and partially not!). Had the memo never been released, it may well have driven the news cycle for weeks more — hanging like a cloud over the Trump-Russia investigation — indisputable proof of something, just out of reach. Now that it's out, it's been defanged and its news value sapped. It will soon be subsumed by the next controversy. Nunes used the pro-Trump media playbook well until he didn't, veering away from a key tenet: The tease and build-up aren't just the appetizer, they're the entire meal. As with the Seth Rich revelations or the Kelly tapes, a conspiracy just out of reach — one that's metastasizing in the imagination of its target audience — is often more powerful than one revealed.
Charlie Warzel is a senior writer for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Warzel reports on and writes about the intersection of tech and culture. Contact Charlie Warzel at charlie.warzel@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Strong sales growth for online wine marketplace
In the midst of closing an $800,000 funding round Stephen Mobbs, co-founder of online wine marketplace Winery Lane says the startup is currently seeing a “hockey stick” of sales growth. “We're only looking for Australian wineries, and only ones we think are from premiere growing regions. We want ones with a really good reputation, and ones that well represent their growing region,” he said. Source, StartupSmart
It's nighttime in a forest in the western Indian state of Gujarat. By the light of his cell phone, camel herder Jat Saleh Amir, 18, pumps milk from the teats of groaning camels. The milk smells strong, like gamey butter.­­­
Later, I join his family around a fire by grass reed huts. Everyone watches as I take my first sip of frothy camel milk from a steel bowl. I gag a little and smile apologetically – the milk is fatty, sour and salty. It's nothing like any milk I've had before. "Tell them I like it!" I elbow my local interpreter Liyakat Ali Notiyar. When nobody is looking, I slide Notiyar the warm bowl. Having grown up on camel milk, he slurps it clean in an instant.
Few Indians outside this district of Kutch and its community of camel herders drink camel milk. But that's about to change as one of India's largest dairy brands is set to mass market it. The milk will be sourced from this community of nomadic camel herders called Maldharis who roam the district of Kutch.
Maldharis have herded camels and consumed the animal's milk for centuries. They drink camel milk tea and serve it plain with breakfast, lunch and dinner. And they consider the milk a cure-all – they tell stories about camel milk curing everything from acid reflux to fever and pregnancy ailments. They also believe it can help manage diabetes. Elisha Harissa, 45, who has diabetes and lives in a nearby village regularly drinks camel milk. He claims it regulates his blood sugar. A few studies suggest there may be some scientific merit to these claims – camel milk seems to help regulate insulin secretion and blood sugar levels in patients with Type1 diabetes – suggesting it could potentially be used alongside other medical treatments to manage diabetes. However, scientists are still investigating the therapeutic potential of camel milk.
Meanwhile, Amul plans to market camel milk primarily to people with Type1 diabetes. And the company's managing director, R.S. Sodhi, is confident the product will succeed, especially given the growing number of diabetics in the country. But he acknowledges there will be challenges. The main reason: the taste. Indians may not take to the unusual taste of camel milk. Even Kutch natives used to camel milk, like Asmok Ghor, whose grandparents transported goods back and forth to Pakistan on camels, can only stomach the sour milk if it's boiled with sugar or concealed as ice cream. "I'm sorry," Ghor says. "It's not about the camels, I don't like the milk."
Sahjeevan is working with the local Kutch Camel Breeder's Association to market creative camel products, including camel milk soap and camel milk chocolate. A few years ago, they even brought a European expert to teach herders how to make camel milk cheese. Amed Taju says the chocolate was a hit among the herders, but the cheese didn't take off.
The success of Amul's efforts with camel milk may help determine the future of Maldharis. Government-imposed restrictions on grazing land in recent years, a decline in the camel-for-transport market and the mining industries' encroachment on grazing land have led to a decline in the number of camels owned by these communities. Amed Taju, a community elder, has had to sell many of his camels to get by. Now, his herd is half the size it was five years ago. Life is hard these days, says Taju. His children aren't in school and he can't afford health care. "We are poor people," he says. "We are earning and eating, not saving."
This is where Amul can help, says Sodhi. Amul will purchase the milk for at least twice its current value, encouraging Maldharis to increase their herds. It won't be huge business for Amul, Sodhi says. "But for camel herders it will be big."
If he's able to sell camel milk routinely to Amul, Taju says he will build solid homes and send his grandchildren to boarding schools. "I see a future not for my sons and daughters," he says. "But for my grandson and granddaughters."
Shaina Shealy is a freelance multimedia journalist based in Jerusalem.
(Jessica Kourkounis/Pool Photo via AP). Defense witness Douglas Moss arrives to testify in actor and comedian Bill Cosby's his sexual assault retrial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Monday, April 23, 2018.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault trial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby departs after his sexual assault retrial, Monday, April 23, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
By MICHAEL R. SISAK
Associated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial was poised to begin deliberating after prosecutors on Tuesday portrayed the 80-year-old former TV star as a serial predator who drugged and molested a woman 14 years ago. The defense called Cosby's accuser a "pathological liar" who was seeking a big payday.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era pitted Cosby, the beloved comedian whose career and good-guy reputation were destroyed by a barrage of allegations involving drugs and sex, against a former Temple University women's basketball administrator who testified that he gave her pills and violated her at his suburban Philadelphia mansion.
Five other women got on the witness stand and testified the same thing had happened to them.
"The time for the defendant to escape justice is over. It's finally time for the defendant to dine on the banquet of his own consequences," prosecutor Stewart Ryan told jurors in a passionate closing argument that stretched more than three hours and was delivered by two prosecutors.
The defense urged jurors to acquit Cosby on charges he assaulted Constand, his chief accuser, saying they were based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
Cosby faces three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison. The jury at his first trial deliberated for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
Defense attorneys Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that Constand consented to sexual activity, then leveled false accusations against the "Cosby Show" star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago - a settlement that Mesereau argued was "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
"You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury," said Mesereau, who won an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case. "You are."
Cosby's wife of 54 years looked on from the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him, the first time she has attended the trial. Camille Cosby, 74, had stayed away as the prosecution built its case that her husband maintained a sordid double life, plying women with drugs and preying on them sexually.
Before the jury came in, she went to the defense table and put her arm around Cosby, who is legally blind. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and he gave her a peck on the cheek.
When it was the prosecution's turn to argue, Camille Cosby left the courtroom, and Constand entered.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called "your friends" and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too - including one woman who asked him through her tears, "You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?"
The defense ripped into the other accusers Tuesday, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to fabricate their accounts.
After last year's hung jury, the defense team also mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit.
Cosby has said he gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help her relax before what he called a consensual encounter.
Kristen Feden, another prosecutor, bristled at what she called the defense's "horrible character assassination" of Constand and the other women.
She called Cosby the true con artist - wresting that label from Cosby's lawyers, who had applied it to Constand throughout the two-week trial.
"Yes, you did hear about a con," Feden said, her voice rising as she moved toward Cosby and pointed at him. "The perpetrator of that con is this man, sitting right here."
The defense highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years. Cosby's lawyers also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
In arguing over when Cosby's encounter with Constand took place, Cosby's lawyers sought to suggest that the comedian was charged after the 12-year statute of limitations for prosecuting him had run out.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
Bliss also suggested that Constand and Cosby were having an affair, and that she was the aggressor, "cavorting around with a married man old enough to be her grandfather."
"There's no doubt that something was going on here," Bliss said. "There's no doubt there was love in the making."
Wearing sunglasses in the courtroom, Cosby's wife smirked and pursed her lips a few times but otherwise listened stoically.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Trump administration now appears to be escalating trade tensions with Beijing
On again, off again. The Trump administration seems to have a knack for keeping everyone guessing - not just on the North Korean summit - but also on trade.
So, is the US-China trade war back on?
Trade talks versus trade wars
Just a week after it looked like the US and China had agreed to put their trade war on hold, Washington now appears to be escalating trade tensions with Beijing.
Analysts say this move could cast a shadow over the potential success of talks between the US and China in Beijing over the next couple of days.
What the US wants from China
The talks, to be led by US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, are aimed at reducing the bilateral trade deficit. Currently, the US buys nearly four times as much from China as it sells.
Beijing has indicated that it will buy some US agricultural exports to balance the deficit, but that may not be enough to appease US trade hawks.
The US also wants to address the intellectual property theft that it alleges Chinese firms have benefited from, and the country's Made in China 2025 programme, which is a multi-billion dollar plan to help transform its high-tech industries into world leaders by 2025.
But the strength of this White House statement, which confronts years of unfair trade practices, among other issues, indicates that the Trump administration isn't getting what it wants from Beijing, and so is willing to up the ante.
Why now?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will lead trade talks in Beijing this week
Deborah Elms of the Asian Trade Centre says that particular White House announcement, and the timing of it, may just be another bargaining tactic.
In her latest note, she says the move seems designed to increase the pressure on China to co-operate ahead of trade talks between the two sides later this week, especially given the accusations that US President Trump has faced from the US press and domestic political circles (they've accused him of going soft on China).
What China wants
China has already expressed its discontent with the action. The Ministry of Commerce says the White House's action is "both unexpected and within expectation," and that China has the "confidence, capability and experience to defend the interests of Chinese people, and the core interests of the country".
A nuanced, diplomatic response.
But take a look at the nationalistic publication, the Global Times, and you get a better idea of what the Chinese may be thinking.
"Washington suffers from a delusion whereby it feels the US is strong enough to force other countries to accept their unreasonable demands," said Wednesday's editorial.
"Let them prepare for an 'epic trade war'."
The editorial goes on to say if China did actually go ahead with a full blown trade war, that America's farmers, automobile manufacturers, and energy workforce would be at risk.
Will the US strategy work?
So what do these latest moves by the White House mean for US-China trade relations?
Well, for one thing, Vinesh Motwani of Silk Road Research tells me that we're unlikely to see very much come from Mr Ross' upcoming visit to China.
Which means that a trade war between the two sides is far closer than it was late last week.
And as I've said before, that's not good for any of us.
In this edition of the Brief from Brussels: There's pressure from the EU parliament to sort the bloc's broken asylum system, with one MEP saying ‘failure is no longer an option.' But will the Dublin regulations be reformed? And, as policies are debated, thousands attend the funeral in Brussels for a migrant girl fatally shot by Belgian police during a van chase. Click on the image above to watch the programme.
Chris Christie chowed down with President Trump at the White House Tuesday amid speculation that the New Jersey governor might join the administration as it grapples with growing pains.
Christie and wife Mary Pat had a Valentine's Day's lunch with the commander in chief the day after Trump ousted his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, and amid chatter among Trump allies that more shakeups are coming.
A source close to Christie told The Post that possible ­administration positions were discussed.
“I heard it was about chief of staff,” the source said.
But the White House said the conversation was about curbing opioid abuse, a major priority for the governor, and the chief-of-staff issue “didn't even come up.”
“They talked about combating drugs briefly,” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told The Post.
Spicer pushed back on speculation that Christie would be drafted to beef up the White House staff.
“I think Governor Christie said he has a year left of his administration and he intends to fully serve it out,” Spicer said.
“So we're not discussing one month in what we intend to do in a year and a half. Let's get there first.”
Christie, an early and effective surrogate for Trump during the election race, was previously passed up for vice president and was also replaced by VP Mike Pence to head up the White House transition team.
But Christie remained a loyal friend to Trump and blamed early White House problems, such as the botched immigration executive-order rollout, on staff that ­“ill-served” the president.
Christie's office didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
The closed-door meeting occurred as Trump allies were openly questioning Reince Priebus' ability to serve as chief of staff.
The public complaints started Sunday when Christopher Ruddy, CEO of Newsmax Media, said Priebus was “in way over his head” and should be canned. Ruddy later softened his tone after talking with Priebus and reported that the White House has full confidence in the chief of staff.
Warby Parker employee Gabi Rivera unfolds a pair of solar eclipse glasses that the eyeglass store is giving out for free on August 11, 2017 in New York City. To view the upcoming total solar eclipse on August 21 eye protection is essential. The designer eyeglass store expects to give out thousands of pairs of the glasses before the event. Spencer Platt Getty Images
Mark Zuckerberg's fortune dropped $4.9 billion Monday as investors weighed reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of Facebook Inc. users without their consent.
Facebook said Friday that Cambridge Analytica, the advertising-data firm that helped Donald Trump win the U.S. presidency, received user data through an app developer on its social network, violating its policies. The company harvested private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users without permission, the New York Times reported.
It was a punishing day for other tech billionaires. Amazon.com Inc.'s Jeff Bezos lost $2.1 billion and the fortunes of Alphabet Inc. founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin each declined $1.5 billion.
Facebook shares fell 6.8 percent to $172.56, cutting Zuckerberg's fortune to $70.4 billion and dropping him one place to fifth on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. He's behind Bezos, Bill Gates, Warren Buffett and Amancio Ortega.
When the NFL announced its new anthem policy, which requires players who chose to come out on the field during the playing of the anthem to “stand and show respect” during its playing, President Donald Trump celebrated the news as if it were a personal victory.
According to the depositions of Jerry Jones and Dolphins owner Stephen Ross, obtained by the Wall Street Journal, the president may have been justified. The two owners admitted that Trump's comments on NFL player protests changed their thinking.
Via The Wall Street Journal:
“I was totally supportive of [the players] until Trump made his statement,” Stephen Ross, the Miami Dolphins' owner and creator of programs advocating for social justice, said in his deposition. Noting that owners' conversations with Mr. Trump were relayed during a league meeting, he said: “I thought he changed the dialogue.”
Jones said he personally spoke with Trump about the issue…
“This is a very winning, strong issue for me,” Mr. Trump said in a phone call, according to a sworn deposition given by Mr. Jones and reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. “Tell everybody, you can't win this one. This one lifts me.”
But Jones was reluctant to give Trump too much credit for influencing the league…
“Let's [not] give him that much credit,” he said. “But I recognize he's the president of the United States.”
However, Jones did tell Sports Illustrated last week “[Trump] certainly initiated some of the thinking, and was a part of the entire picture.”
Trump, himself, did not take full credit for the NFL's new policy after it was revealed, although he does seem to consider himself the catalyst for the rule.
NeNe Leakes is not done coming for on-again-off-again friend andcastmate Kim Zolciak OR her family.
This time her utter shade was thrown at Kim's daughter Brielle. See: Brielle recently posted a video she shot saying that NeNe's bathroom was infested with roaches.
NeNe took to social media—again—to get her anger off her chest. And TRUST: She did not hold back!
“We don't have roaches! If you found 1, u brought it with u or it fell outta yo funky pussy! Please know I will get You all the way together when you start fucking wit me and mine! Go somewhere and let the air outta those fake lips, fake titties and fake ass because you will never be @kylejenner Yo trashy mama should have taught you better!” she wrote in the caption.
She stressed: “My home is Brand New but you guys were so jealous of it, you couldn't even give a compliment. You had to stoop so low and be so disgusting #racisttrash #jealous #KKK #thirsty you better run yo ass back to a child's place #youwannaactgrown?”
Welp!
Season 10 has definitely begun.
BEAUTIES: How do you think Kim & company will react to this one?
Original Article “NeNe Leakes Fires Not So Subliminal Shots At Kim Zolciak”
Season 10 hasn't started yet, but the drama never ends for the ladies of “The Real Housewives of Atlanta.”
NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak have recently awoken their on-again, off-again, on-again, off-again beef, according to a recent Instagram post by Leakes. The two have returned to their respective thrones on the recent season of ‘RHOA.'
RELATED: Dismissed! Porsha Williams Allegedly Sent Home From ‘ RHOA' Cast Trip After Fight
On the way back from taping the annual girls trip in Barcelona, Leakes posted a shot fired post at her co-star.
Allegedly, word got back to Leakes that Zolciak had some choice words for her and clapped back on Instagram. “On the way back to the A, I fell asleep thinking about how imm live in my ROACH infested brand-new home,” Leakes wrote.
Then came the barrage of hashtags pointed at Zolciak, including #pottymouthtrashychildren #learnedbehavior, which called up the recent back and forth between Zolciak's daughter Brielle and cast mate Kenya Moore.
Sigh.
Over on Kim's side, she seems to be unbothered and is posting photos of her children and friends. Season 10 has definitely begun.
DON'T MISS:
Phaedra Parks Is Reportedly Desperate To Reclaim Her Spot On ‘RHOA'
Peter Got His Peach: Bravo To Develop A Peter Thomas ‘RHOA' Spin-off
Share On more Share On more
Share On more Share On more
A uniformed UPS worker fatally shot three coworkers at a San Francisco shipping warehouse on Wednesday, before using the gun to kill himself.
Another two were wounded by gunfire, police said.
All five victims of the shooting, as well as the gunman, were employees of UPS's San Francisco facility, the company confirmed in a statement.
Multiple gunshots were fired inside the UPS warehouse on the corner of San Bruno Avenue and 17th Street just before 9 a.m., San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
The motive remained unclear, police said.
Police were first called at 8:55 a.m. and arrived at an "active shooter situation," Toney said. They evacuated shooting victims as they searched the building.
By the time police arrived, he said, five people had been shot.
"One contact team located the suspect who was still armed with an assault pistol," Toney said. "The suspect put the gun to his head and discharged the weapon."
The identity of the shooter was not immediately released, nor were the names of the victims.
Inside, police recovered two firearms.
Toney said police were still interviewing "dozens" of witnesses who were inside the warehouse to understand what happened. Some of them, Toney said, were not UPS employees.
"Our investigators are going through painstaking interviews with everyone who was in the building," he said.
In a statement, UPS said two employees were being treated in nearby hospitals, but their conditions were not immediately known.
"The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees, family members and the community we share," UPS said in a statement. "Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident."
Counseling was being made available to all employees affected by the shooting, the company added.
OTTAWA — The number of veterans waiting to find out whether they qualify for disability benefits has skyrocketed over the last eight months, new figures show, leaving thousands of former military members in limbo.
Veterans Affairs Canada says there were about 29,000 applications for disability benefits in the queue waiting to be processed at the end of November — a nearly 50 per cent increase since the end of March.
Nearly one-third of those applications have been in the line for more than 16 weeks, which is also an increase since the spring and a sign that wait times are continuing to grow.
Veterans' advocates have long criticized how long some retired service members have been forced to wait to find out whether they qualify for support and services after sustaining an injury in uniform.
Federal auditor general Michael Ferguson also previously flagged concerns about delays in processing applications from those who have suffered psychological trauma.
But revelations of the actual size of the backlog have prompted fresh surprise and shock, as well as concerns about the impact on the thousands of veterans having to deal with months of uncertainty over their claims.
“It's so important for people in transitioning to civilian life and can impact a whole bunch of factors, including the ability to pay your bills,” said Scott Maxwell, executive director of Wounded Warriors Canada.
“In some cases, it can mean the difference between being a homeless veteran and not.”
In some cases, it can mean the difference between being a homeless veteran and not. Scott Maxwell, executive director of Wounded Warriors Canada
Veterans Affairs Minister Seamus O'Regan admitted the government needs to do better to ensure disabled veterans get the benefits they need and deserve and said action is being taken.
That includes hiring hundreds more staff, streamlining the way Veterans Affairs officials review files to speed up processing times and giving veterans more benefit of the doubt when it comes to approving benefits.
“More veterans are coming forward to get the help they need,” O'Regan said in a statement. “And we need to meet them where and when they need that support.”
But such promises have been made before and are starting to ring hollow as the problem continues to get worse, said Peter Stoffer, a former NDP MP and longtime veterans' advocate.
“If you go back to (former minister) Fred Mifflin in 1997, he said the exact same thing,” Stoffer said.
“All 13 ministers since '97 have said the exact same thing: ‘We have to do a better job, we're speeding up the process.' And it's getting worse, to be honest with you.”
All 13 ministers since '97 have said the exact same thing. Peter Stoffer
Exactly why the backlog is growing remains unclear; while Veterans Affairs says it received 20 per cent more applications between April 2015 and March 2016, that doesn't explain why the figures increased this year.
And while the department was hit hard by budget cuts and layoffs under the previous Conservative government, the Liberals say they have hired 460 new staff since taking office.
News of the backlog comes only days after a landmark new study found the rate of suicide among veterans was “significantly” higher than that of the general population.
A group of injured veterans also suffered a major setback last week when the B.C. Court of Appeal rejected their legal effort to win back lifelong disability pensions.
The pensions were replaced in 2006 by a lump-sum payment, career training and targeted income support, which those involved in the lawsuit complained gave them less financial compensation.
O'Regan has promised to unveil a new pension plan by the end of the year, though many veterans fear it will fall far short of the previous pensions.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- Slugger and some Royals Hall of Famers visited the students at El Centro Academy on Monday to kick off the Royals' Week of Giving.
The children at the dual-language school got to have recess with Slugger, but the fun didn't end when the Royals mascot and former players left.
Royals Charities donated $25,000 to the school for classroom improvements. The money will be used to redo five classrooms at the academy, including turning mismatched and poorly sized tables and chairs into the perfect fit.
"It will buy much needed equipment for the children's size in each of the classrooms," said Irene Caudillo, president and CEO of El Centro.
Royals Charities has supported El Centro for several years. Money raised in the Royals Charities 50/50 Raffle a few years back went toward a new playground for the school.
"We want people to know that when they play the 50/50 raffle, their money is doing some really incredible things," said Marie Dispenza, director of Royals Charities.
Dispenza said while you could win the raffle, the community is the real raffle winner -- and the winning doesn't stop at El Centro.
Royals Charities will be out all week, donating money to various causes thanks to the 50/50 raffle and other fundraising efforts. By week's end, Royals Charities will have donated $100,000. For the entire year, $2.3 million have gone to various metro organizations
Taylor Hall's electric upside has Devils dreaming big The lights are not quite as bright in New Jersey as they are over the river in Manhattan, and the scrutiny on the Devils isn't quite a biting as it...
Was this Patrik Elias' final game with the Devils? Adam Henrique and Kyle Palmieri became the Devils' first 30-goal scorers in four years Saturday night at the Prudential Center. Patrik Elias stole the show, though, with what might have...
Devils using disrespect card for playoff motivation Cory Schneider and the Devils are aware that analysts didn't think much of their chances to qualify for the postseason. It has been something of a rallying point for a...
Devils nip Coyotes in OT for second consecutive win The NHL's new 3-on-3 overtime setup is agreeing with the Devils. Two days after knocking off the rival Rangers in overtime, the Devils picked up their second straight win when...
Devils preview: The makings of half a monster A wise man once said that championship NHL teams are built around goaltending and defense. Well, that wise man, Lou Lamoriello, is now the general manager in Toronto. But Lamoriello's...
This losing goalie might just be the NHL's best Is Cory Schneider hockey's equivalent of baseball's Felix Hernandez? Better yet, can Schneider win the Vezina Trophy with a record right around .500? The Devils' superlative netminder will not win...
Cory Schneider, Devils shut down NHL-leading Predators The Devils remain hopeful of making a charge to the playoffs. Thank Cory Schneider for that faith. Schneider made 33 saves and the Devils beat NHL-leading Nashville 3-1 on Tuesday...
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Naiomi Metallic, Assistant Professor and Chancellor's Chair in Aboriginal Law and Policy, Dalhousie University
My law school recently organized a panel on Gerald Stanley's acquittal in the death of Colten Boushie. Timing was such that the talk occurred two days after the Saskatchewan Crown announced it would not be seeking an appeal of the verdict. I was reluctant to participate on the panel, not because I wasn't interested in the subject, but because the case affects me in a deeply emotional way that most other topics do not (and I frequently speak on complex and difficult Aboriginal law and policy topics). I decided the only way I could talk about this was by getting personal and emotional, even though that is usually not my style. In the end, I am glad that I did. Many in attendance told me my remarks helped them to appreciate this case in a new way. So I thought I would seek to publish my remarks, edited slightly, in the hopes it may do the same for others.
I find it painful to talk about this case. Many other Indigenous people, especially my friends who also work in law, have expressed the same sentiment. A lot of us feel this case viscerally.
There are several Indigenous people I know, none of whom knew Colten Boushie personally, who wept upon hearing the news of the verdict. I felt a heavy weight of sadness over me for many days and I still do. Friends of mine described the recent news that the Crown is not appealing the verdict as hitting them as though they were punched in the stomach.
Those of us who are Indigenous and work in law are no strangers to being disappointed or angry with court decisions. But usually the reaction is not felt so personally or by so many of us. Why is it different here?
I can't speak for everybody, but I might say that as Indigenous people (and maybe especially those of us in law), it has threatened something deep within us. You see, as much as we know the past injustices and the ongoing injustices faced by our people, and the role the law has played and continues to play in this injustice, deep down there is hope that change is possible and is slowly happening.
We work hard, sometimes against significant resistance and barriers, to play a role in that change.
I think that the Gerald Stanley verdict has made many of us seriously question this hope, if not lose it altogether. To many of us, the verdict sent the message that our lives are not as important, and that many Canadians saw this case as placing defence of property above a human life. As Sen. Murray Sinclair asked in poem he wrote after the verdict: Why does a farmer need a handgun?
Many on the “property defence” side of the debate fail to see the bitter irony that the property in question here are lands from which Indigenous groups have been displaced through colonization that often involved state manoeuvres like coercion, starvation, disease and treaty promises that were subsequently ignored. Not to mention the fact that this displacement continues to result in many Indigenous peoples in Canada, and certainly in Saskatchewan, being marginalized and poor.
Increased anti-Indigenous vitriol that appeared in some media and online sources in the days that followed the verdict have further threatened to erode that hope I spoke of, as did the news two weeks later of the acquittal of Raymond Cormier in the death of Tina Fontaine and the recent news that neither Saskatchewan nor Manitoba is going to appeal either verdict.
I am not a criminal law expert. Many who are more knowledgeable than me in this area say that it's extremely difficult to appeal jury verdicts, unless there was a clear error in the charge to jurors.
Maybe so, but there are so many problematic aspects of the Boushie case that it is hard to accept this is the end of the matter.
They include:
The jury's composition and the role of peremptory challenges
Much has already been said about the how the use of peremptory challenges to exclude Indigenous jury members without any explicit reasons is deeply troubling in a legal system that recognizes there is deep-seated racism in many corners of our society that can infect a jury pool.
Peremptory challenges have received most of the media attention in this case, but there are many more.
Jury rolls and obligations to ensure they're representative
There were strong recommendations on the need for juries to be representative of Indigenous peoples in the 2013 Iaccobucci Report, but the Supreme Court of Canada chose not to affirm them in its 2015 R. v. Kokopenace decision, dismissing the argument that the state has an obligation to ensure a proportionately representative jury. I have been wondering if Supreme Court justices have been regretting their decision since the Stanley verdict.
The conduct of the RCMP
The way in which the RCMP treated Colten Boushie's mother and family members when they broke the news is shocking. More than a dozen officers, many with guns brandished, searched the family's trailer as if Colten was the suspect, telling his mother who was in a heap crying to “get yourself together” and asking her: “Have you been drinking?”. There was no comfort. There was no empathy.
The length of time it took police to charge Stanley, and how they reported on the events, has been criticized as likely creating an impression in the minds of some community members (who would become jury members) that the police believed in Stanley's innocence.
There is also the fact that the RCMP lost track of the SUV Colten Boushie died in before the defence had a chance to have it independently analyzed. I don't understand how that could happen.
Other negligent investigative practices have been alleged, including the failure to protect the crime scene or to do a proper blood splatter analysis. And then there's the private RCMP Facebook page where one officer wrote: “I'm sorry the kid died but he got what he deserved.”
The background of the judge
The past history of the judge in the case, Martel Popescul, Chief Justice of Saskatchewan's Court of Queen's Bench Bench, has also raised questions. As a lawyer in 1992, Popescul was lead counsel for the RCMP in a 1992 case where an alleged RCMP informant, who was the leader of a white supremacist group, murdered a First Nations man. In a later public inquiry into the role racism played in the man's death, Popescul sought to prevent key witnesses from testifying at the inquiry,, arguing that RCMP informants might be exposed. Given this history, some have questioned why Popescul didn't recuse himself from the Stanley case.
The role of the prosecution
I don't have all the details about how the prosecution handled this case, but the fact that Stanley was acquitted entirely, and the jury did not find guilt on any of the lesser but included offences of manslaughter or criminal negligence, leaves questions about how strongly the prosecution pursued conviction. Some Indigenous leaders have alleged the Crown bungled the case. The accused can and do make arguments of ineffective counsel, so why isn't there an equivalent for victims and their families in the case of the Crown?
It's also noteworthy that the provincial government declined the Boushie family's requests for an out-of-province lead investigator and Crown prosecutor.
Deep racism, stereotyping and victim-blaming
It's clear from the RCMP Facebook post and other social media commentary that many people blame Colten for his fate. We don't have the castle doctrine in Canada, and yet many people have argued that Stanley was justified in his actions because Colten or his friends were trespassers on the farmer's property, or possibly trying to steal an ATV (which is not clear).
It reminds me of how Nova Scotia's Donald Marshall Jr., even after the Mi'kmaq man was completely exonerated, was blamed for his own wrongful conviction based on the questionable narrative that he had attempted to rob someone with a friend. This view was even shared by the Nova Scotia Court of Appeal, who commented that: “Any miscarriage 1/8in the case was3/8 more apparent than real.”
Even if Colten's friend was attempting to take the ATV, it justifies nothing.
There was another case in 2011 where an Alberta man shot, but did not kill, another man trying to steal his ATV, and he was at least convicted of criminal negligence.
Much to question
From my perspective, there is much to question here.
I don't know what's going to happen next. Do we need a royal commission? How many royal commissions and inquiries have we already had that recommend solutions to problems that presented themselves once again in this case?
Perhaps there are factors here that reveal new problems that must be probed. But there's also clearly a failure to implement many previous recommendations that have already been made. This includes recommendations from the Manitoba Justice Inquiry, the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples, First Nation Representation on Ontario Juries, the Commission of Inquiry into the death of Dudley George, the Commission of Inquiry into the death of Neil Stonechild and the Royal Commission on the Wrongful Conviction of Donald Marshall Jr., to name a few.
Currently, there is a team of scholars that have taken it upon themselves to research a number of points raised by this case. It's called Project Fact(a). They are hoping to release their first set of findings in April 2018. I hope they are listened to.
I wish I could end on a more hopeful note. But I don't really have it in me.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article: https://theconversation.com/i-am-a-mikmaq-lawyer-and-i-despair-over- https://theconversat
Hollywood had its first real post-Weinstein test on Monday. It failed.
Monday's tone-deaf Golden Globes nominations somehow ignored nearly all deserving female and nonwhite filmmakers, many of whom broke records.
“Wonder Woman” was the first superhero film directed by a woman. It's the highest-grossing superhero origin-story movie ever, grossing more than $800 million worldwide — an all-time record for a live-action film directed by a woman. Director Patty Jenkins may have single-handedly rescued the DC Comics film franchise.
Yet she was snubbed, as was star Gal Gadot and the movie itself — heralded in this otherwise depressing year as a sweet-spirited reinforcement of girl power.
Yes, this is the Year of the Woman, we're told — a year that's only really lasted two months, since the Weinstein scandal broke. Such short shrift now seems apt.
Tiffany Haddish's breakout performance in this summer's “Girls Trip” helped propel that film to become the first produced, written by and starring African-Americans to break over $100 million at the box office. Haddish followed that up by becoming the first African-American female comedian to host “Saturday Night Live,” has her own stand-up special on Showtime and just published a memoir.
Haddish should be rewarded by an industry looking to invest in her. Instead, she was snubbed.
Greta Gerwig's semi-autobiographical feature film “Lady Bird” won the most consecutive 100 percent “fresh” ratings on Rotten Tomatoes since 1999's “Toy Story 2.” Gerwig wrote the screenplay and made her directorial debut on the film, winning critical raves. “Lady Bird” was nominated for best movie, comedy or musical, but Gerwig was snubbed as a director and writer.
African-American director Dee Rees, whose 2015 HBO film “Bessie” won four Emmys, has also won raves for “Mudbound,” which has been generating Oscar buzz since its Sundance premiere in January. She also co-wrote the screenplay, yet was snubbed.
see also Golden Globes nominees steer clear of a PR disaster The Hollywood Foreign Press Association is usually so eager to...
How about nonwhite filmmakers? “The Big Sick” is a rom-com with a topical subplot: The conflict between a Pakistani-American son and his conservative immigrant Muslim parents. It was one of 2017's best-reviewed movies and the only independent summer release to turn a profit. But Pakistani-American writer and actor Kumail Nanjiani and his wife, co-writer Emily V. Gordon, were snubbed.
In what feels like an act of supreme aggression, Jordan Peele, who wrote and directed the smartest, most original movie of the year, was also snubbed for “Get Out.” So far, the film has grossed over $200 million worldwide against a $4.5 million dollar budget and is the highest-grossing directorial debut ever.
While “Get Out” was nominated for Best Comedy, consider the old saw: Did it write and direct itself? Long after its February debut, it's still the most talked about movie of 2017.
Recognizing these filmmakers would have been a necessary, if largely cosmetic, corrective to a brutal year. Yes, the Globes are awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, but the Weinstein scandal and ensuing fallout has made worldwide news. Hollywood has long been a town and industry that loves nothing more than celebrating itself for being more progressive, more inclusive, more liberal and accepting than any community on Earth.
As we now know, that's just another myth.
Not long ago, Hollywood was so central to our culture that Tom Cruise was chosen to open the Oscars after 9/11 not as an actor, but as consoler-in-chief, binding patriotism with moviemaking and fandom.
“An actor friend said to me, ‘What are we doing? What are we doing? Is it important? Is it even important what I do?' And what of a night like tonight? Should we celebrate the joy and magic that movies bring?' Well, dare I say it: More than ever,” Cruise said.
Back then, Cruise was the biggest movie star in the world, a nice guy with an air of mystery. It somehow felt right that he reassure a traumatized nation. Now we know he's a not-very-bright-guy who belongs to an alien space cult that abuses its members.
We've all seen behind the curtain. We just want to go home and take a shower.
In early 2018, the Academy will have to contend with Casey Affleck, who won Best Actor last year and has settled two cases of sexual harassment.
The #metoo movement isn't going anywhere. Will Affleck be allowed to present Best Actress, as is tradition? Will Meryl Streep take her moment to vilify Trump voters while sidestepping industry criminality? How many actresses will take the stage only to have the room and the public at large wonder: Was she a victim? What happened to her? How many people knew and said nothing?
How many little girls will still dream of being movie stars?
Meanwhile, California is literally burning. The Hollywood-as-dream-factory myth is going with it. That's a good thing.
NEW LEBANON – The Arcanum baseball team won both games of a doubleheader on Saturday at Dixie, winning the first game 12-3 and then winning 20-3 in a five-inning run rule.
In game one Arcanum jumped out to a 5-0 lead in the second inning. After Dixie scored one run in the third inning, Arcanum added five more runs in the fourth to lead 10-1. Arcanum added one run in the sixth and seventh innings while Dixie scored one run in both the fifth and sixth innings.
Arcanum had seven hits and no errors, and Dixie had eight hits and six errors.
Layne Byrne went 2-for-4 with two doubles, a walk, a stolen base, a RBI and two runs. Mitch Wogoman was 2-for-4 with a double, a RBI and two runs. Ben Sease was 1-for-3 with a double and two walks. Maverick Hildebrand went 1-for-4 with a double, a run and three RBI.
Brandon Kinney was 1-for-4 with a stolen base and a run. Wade Meeks walked once, stole a base and drove in a run. Caleb Shilt walked once, stole two bases and scored three runs. Evan Atchley walked once and stole two bases. Steve Vanatta walked twice and scored two runs. Isiah Hootman scored a run.
Vanatta earned the win by pitching 4 1/3 innings, allowing two earned runs on seven hits, four walks, two hit batters and four strikeouts. Alex Weiss pitched 1 1/3 innings, allowing one earned run on one hit, one walk, two hit batters and one strikeout. Michael Fecker pitched 1 1/3 innings and allowed no runs on no hits, no walks, one hit batters and one strikeout.
In the second game Arcanum jumped out to a 12-0 lead in the first inning. Dixie scored three runs in the second inning then Arcanum added five in the third, two in the fourth and one in the fifth.
Arcanum had 16 hits and two errors while Dixie had one hit and four errors.
Austin Smith earned the win by pitching all five innings, allowing three unearned runs on one hit, three walks, one hit batter and nine strikeouts.
Byrne was 4-for-4 with a triple, two doubles, two runs and four RBI. Dylan Lumpkin was 2-for-3 with a double, a walk, a stolen base, two runs and three RBI. Cole Spitler was 2-for-4 with a run and three RBI. Pierce Lindemuth went 2-for-5 with a double, three RBIs and three runs. Hildebrand was 1-for-3 with a triple, two walks, a stolen base, two RBIs and three runs.
Fecker was 1-for-1 with a double. Cory Ross was 1-for-4 with a double and a run. Kinney was 1-for-3, was hit by a pitch, drove in a run and scored three runs. Atchley was 1-for-3 with two walks and two runs. Weiss was 1-for-1. Wogoman walked twice, scored two runs and drove in a run. Shilt walked once and scored a run.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Arcanum-logo-WEB-6.jpg
By Kyle Shaner [email protected]
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Miami Dolphins offensive lineman Jesse Davis says trying to plan a wedding is "hectic and hell". All he wants to do is watch training film when he gets home and she wants to plan the wedding.
A little security is a good thing when you're out and about in this dangerous world, but a traditional pepper spray gadget can feel old-fashioned and ineffective these days.
Now there's a new self-defense product that puts more bang into your pepper spray.
It's the Defender 24/7, an all-in-one camera, oscillating flash, siren and pepper spray that connects to a 24/7 alert service through a smartphone app, activates with the push of a button and is small enough to hang from a keychain.
Ryan McManus, Defender's co-founder and chief marketing officer, explained the need for his product.
“There's a violent crime in the United States about every 25 seconds,” McManus said, a statistic confirmed by the 2010 FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Program.
“And with one in five women experiencing sexual violence while in college, personal safety is a major concern,” he added.
“When someone is walking alone after dark by themselves, they're vulnerable and they need something that's proactive to help them not only to protect themselves but to alert anyone that might be able to help them,” McManus said.
McManus got the idea for the Defender when a loved one went to college and he wondered if there was something she could carry that was better than a Taser or pepper spray.
“Nothing like this had ever been created,” he said. “What we decided to do was combine personal protection, security response, and immediate alert into a single device that would work with your smartphone, something that everybody was [already] carrying.”
To activate the device's pepper spray, camera, flash, siren and alert system, you simply press a button. Using Bluetooth, the Defender connects to your GPS-enabled smartphone and transmits your location to a monitoring center, which contacts law enforcement and “provides all of the critical information they need to be able to respond quickly and to the exact spot where you are,” McManus said.
The alarm can alert bystanders to a person in trouble, and the camera helps victims provide details of their attacker(s).
“Other self-defense devices on the market require trade-offs,” McManus said. “You're either going to have self-defense…or you're going to have a loud alarm or you're going to have monitoring support. But you're not going to have everything.”
He said the device could even enhance the 911 system: “With a device like Defender 24/7, whether it's for safety or for medical, we'll know exactly where somebody is to be able to provide fast and accurate response.”
The Defender app also includes notification of family and friends if a medical or safety alert goes off. “Your loved one, your spouse, your friend, they can get a notice to know immediately when an incident happens,” McManus said.
Defender users can test the device and become familiar with it by using a water vapor cartridge instead of one that contains pepper spray. And the device is re-usable, not disposable. It can be charged at home, just like a smartphone, and Defender will replace a used pepper spray canister with a refilled one.
Jordan Xavier Sanchez 5lbs 4oz (left) arrived at 12:12 a.m. just minutes after his twin brother J'aiden Alexander Sanchez 6lbs 3oz (right).
An Arlington family celebrated the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 in an unusual way, with the birth of twin boys in two different years.
Medical City Arlington says Cassandra Martinez was due to deliver her third and fourth babies on Jan. 20, but they came early.
J'aiden Alexander Sanchez was the first to arrive at 11:46 p.m. on Dec. 31 while Jordan Xavier Sanchez arrived at 12:12 a.m. on New Year's Day, making him the first baby born at Medical City Arlington in 2017.
"I definitely was not expecting to spend the holiday, but I am glad they're here and healthy," said Cassandra Martinez, the twins' mother.
In addition to having different birthdays, the Sanchez twins are the third set of twins of this generation in their father's family.
The hospital says twin brothers born on different days in different years, may be as rare as a one-in-a-million occurrence, according to some estimates.
Kieran Dowell's goal against Brentford on Saturday proved to be the winner
Barnsley could give a first start to on-loan Leicester winger Harvey Barnes, who came on in their loss to Ipswich.
The Tykes hope to receive international clearance in time to hand Senegalese striker Mamadou Thiam his debut.
Nottingham Forest midfielder Kieran Dowell, on loan from Everton, is pushing for a start after coming off the bench to score against Brentford.
Chris Cohen could return from a knock, while Apostolos Vellios is among those hoping for a recall to the squad.
Match facts
But her rep insisted she's not drinking.
In “The Leisure Seeker” Oscar winner Helen Mirren and Golden Globe winner Donald Sutherland play a senior husband and wife off on a trip to whoknowswheresville in an antique RV....
After winning “best steak” in Wilson County in the 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018 Best of Wilson County competition, Demos' has secured itself as a familiar and enjoyable dining experience among those who seek original family recipes and impeccable service.
The Demos family opened their first location in Murfreesboro in 1989. Their friendly, family atmosphere, coupled with four generations of original family recipes, distinguishes it from its competitors. Pasta sauces, soups and salad dressings are homemade, steaks are hand-cut and every item is cooked to perfection just as your mother and grandmother might have done.
Its quality dining experience has served it well – it is no wonder Demos' has received numerous “Best” awards, including “best family restaurant” “most popular” and “most romantic” restaurant in numerous polls. Family owned and operated, Demos' consistent high standards in food quality and service have been unmatched. It serves a variety of steaks, pastas, chicken, and seafood at lunch and dinner and the management approach enables Demos' to deliver this variety and quality at an affordable price.
Demos' offers 72 entrees from $6.99-$9.99 and 80 percent of their lunch entrees are less than $7. And you can enjoy a daily lunch special for $4.99-$6.99 every Monday through Friday.
Demos' is at 130 Legends Drive in Lebanon. Other locations include Murfreesboro, Nashville, Hendersonville and coming soon to Clarksville. It's open from 11 a.m. until 10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday, and from 11 a.m. until 11 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays.
To get fans hyped for the NFL draft, the NFL Network commissioned a few pieces of art: Murals from graffiti artists in Dallas of projected top draft prospects Josh Allen, Josh Rosen, Bradley Chubb, Saquon Barkley, Sam Darnold, Derwin James and Minkah Fitzpatrick.
Below are five of the murals — and for those going to Dallas, information on where you can see them.
Saquon Barkley
Fabrication Yard
621 Fabrication St
Dallas, TX 75212
Sam Darnold
Expo Park Alley next to Rob's Chop Shop (Rob's Chop Shop address below for reference)
3613 Parry Ave
Dallas, TX 75226
Josh Rosen
Parking Lot in front of Good Records (Good Records address below for reference)
1808 Greenville Ave
Dallas, TX 75206
Baker Mayfield
City Place / Kemet Kitchen Building (mural wall on S. Walton at corner of S. Walton & Commerce St)
2933 Commerce Street
Dallas, TX 75226
Bradley Chubb
Corinth Street (mural wall on Park Street)
1837 Corinth St
Dallas, TX, 75215
The draft begins at 8 PM ET on Thursday.
Missouri Governor Eric Greitens, who resigned on Tuesday, had offered to leave office in exchange for dismissal of a felony computer tampering charge against him in a wider scandal, a prosecutor's spokeswoman said on Wednesday.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner spoke to reporters about the deal but declined to comment on an ongoing investigation against Greitens involving possible felony invasion of privacy in connection with an admitted extramarital affair in 2015 with a hairdresser before he was elected.
Greitens has said he is innocent and called the relationship consensual.
In the computer tampering case stemming from questionable fundraising activities, Greitens offered to leave office if Gardner would dismiss the charge, prosecutor's spokeswoman Susan Ryan said. Saying most of the deal was sealed and could not be discussed, Ryan said the most impactful part of it was Greitens saying he would furnish his resignation in exchange for the charge being dropped.
"They offered to do that for the dismissal," Ryan said.
Neither Greitens lawyer nor his representatives immediately responded to a request for comment.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Federal prosecutors have asked a judge to force a web hosting company to turn over information about any individuals who visited a website that coordinated anti-Trump demonstrations in Washington, DC, on Inauguration Day.
The company, DreamHost Inc., disclosed information about the government's search warrant in a blog post on Monday. DreamHost said that it is fighting the request, calling it "unfocused" and "unlawful."
"The request from the [Justice Department] demands that DreamHost hand over 1.3 million visitor IP addresses — in addition to contact information, email content, and photos of thousands of people — in an effort to determine who simply visited the website," DreamHost said in Monday's post. "That information could be used to identify any individuals who used this site to exercise and express political speech protected under the Constitution's First Amendment. That should be enough to set alarm bells off in anyone's mind."
More than 200 people were arrested during demonstrations that turned violent on Jan. 20, and criminal charges are pending against most of them. The website at issue in the search warrant, disruptj20.org, featured information about several protests planned throughout the day on Jan. 20. The search warrant, dated July 12, seeks all files and stored records related to the website.
DreamHost posted copies of a motion that federal prosecutors filed on July 28 asking a judge to force the company to comply with the search warrant. On Aug. 11, DreamHost filed opposition papers. According to DreamHost, a hearing is scheduled for Aug. 18 before District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Lynn Leibovitz, who is presiding over the Inauguration Day criminal cases.
The search warrant asks DreamHost to turn over "all files" related to disruptj20.org, which the company says would include site visitor logs. DreamHost says that under an earlier order to preserve data, it has saved more than 1.3 million IP addresses of users who visited the website for a time period after Jan. 20.
In the July court papers, prosecutors disputed DreamHost's argument that the search warrant was overbroad, arguing that the judge who signed off on it had already imposed limits on the information that prosecutors could seize.
A spokesman for the US attorney's office in Washington did not immediately return a request for comment.
Federal prosecutors have sought a range of electronic information related to the Jan. 20 arrests, including defendants' social media accounts. In a mostly sealed case that the Electronic Frontier Foundation and other digital rights groups believe is related to the Jan. 20 arrests, Facebook is fighting an order blocking the company from alerting users about search warrants for account information. That case is before the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the city's highest local court.
A number of defendants charged with rioting on Inauguration Day are fighting the charges, and Leibovitz heard arguments on July 27 on several motions to dismiss the cases. The judge has yet to rule.
Style icon Iris Apfel is now a Barbie doll It's life in plastic for Iris Apfel. Mattel has modeled a Barbie after New York's 96-year-old fashion icon, who's famed for her idiosyncratic look. Before you clear space in your...
Human Barbie spent more than $30K on extreme plastic surgeries Ophelia Vanity is a model who hopes to transform herself into a living doll. Basing her look on Barbie, she recently had a blepharoplasty procedure, in order to make her eyes...
The story behind Hijab Barbie is really, really disturbing Meet Mattel's latest doll: dressed conservatively, covered head to toe with only her hands and face visible. The fabric she wears is extra-thick, so there's no chance of seeing skin....
Barbie makes first hijab-wearing doll modeled after an Olympian Barbie has just rolled out a new hijab-wearing doll as the latest addition to Mattel's “Shero” program.” The doll is modeled after American-Muslim Olympic fencer, Ibtihaj Muhammad, who made history...
Mattel shares hammered as Barbie maker suspends dividend Shares of Mattel sank to their lowest since the 2008 financial crisis on Friday after the Barbie maker suspended its dividend and warned it would miss forecasts for revenue this...
Transgender 'Barbie' blows $1M on plastic surgery A million dollar makeover turned an outcast into a showstopping Barbie doll. Nikki Exotika, a 35-year-old transgender woman from Hoboken, New Jersey, has wanted to look like her buxom icon...
Mom creates Barbie-like doll that recites verses from the Quran DUBAI – French businesswoman and mother Samira Amarir struggled to find toys which could help impart her Islamic faith to her young daughter, so she invented her own. Now the...
Barbie-doll bomb was part of foiled plot to blow up plane A Barbie doll and a meat grinder each packed with explosives were the weapons of choice of the terror cell behind a foiled plot to blow up an Australian airliner,...
Human Ken doll celebrates birthday with special 'cat eye' lift This is the moment a plastic surgery fan dubbed ‘the Human Ken Doll' took a selfie film — while doctors performed an operation to give him eyes like a cat....
Badou Jack-James DeGale a classic bout without a winner When the bell sounded Saturday night, Badou Jack and James DeGale both raised their hands in victory while a boisterous crowd stood cheering them at Barclays Center. The two super...
Badou Jack on cusp of boxing stardom, with an unlikely backer Former heavyweight champion Shannon Briggs obviously has as good an eye for talent as he does for self-promotion. Briggs, a Brooklyn native, was in Sweden in 2009 making appearances and...
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
BEIJING: China will waive income tax for three years for foreign investors trading the country's new crude futures contract, the Ministry of Finance said on Tuesday, in a bid to attract overseas capital for the much anticipated launch.
The start of trading on Monday will mark the culmination of a years-long push by China to create Asia's first oil futures benchmark, and is aimed at giving the world's biggest oil importer more clout in pricing crude sold to Asia.
It will potentially give the Shanghai International Energy Exchange, which will operate the new contract, a share of the trillions of dollars each year in oil futures trading.
The finance ministry said foreign brokers will be exempted from paying income tax on commissions they earn from dealing in the new Shanghai crude futures.
The tax exemption could help encourage foreign players to engage with the new contract, despite concerns about issues such as foreign exchange conversion and potential capital curbs.
The number of foreign investors seeking to open non-resident accounts to allow trading has so far been below expectations, a source at CITIC, one of eight banks that is handling margin deposits for foreign investors, said. The source declined to be named as he is not authorized to talk with media.
The oil market is closely watching the liquidity of the contract, as institutional investors and brokers expect trading volumes and open interest to be relatively small compared with China's iron ore, copper and steel futures contracts.
China in recent days has provided more details on the contract, including margins, trading limits and transaction fees, and has approved the use of six bonded storage warehouses.
Follow @insidefutbol
PSV Eindhoven have a verbal agreement to sign Argentine talent Maximiliano Romero, a player who has long been on Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger's radar.
Romero currently turns out in his native Argentina for Velez Sarsfield and has repeatedly been linked with moving to Europe.
Arsenal were claimed to be on the verge of signing him as a 16-year-old in 2015, but a serious knee injury ended any deal hopes, while earlier this year it was claimed Wenger is still monitoring the striker.
But it is PSV who are rapidly closing in on taking the 18-year-old to Europe.
According to Dutch daily the Eindhovens Dagblad, PSV have a verbal agreement in place to sign Romero, though there is still work to do.
The IDF Spokesperson's unit said early Saturday morning that the IDF retaliated to a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip, striking a target in southern Gaza.
According to the spokesperson, the targets hit belonged to the terrorist organization Hamas.
During the retaliation, a red alert siren was activated and heard in southern Israel, but no trajectory was fired from Gaza.
The IDF holds Hamas responsible for all rocket and mortar fire coming out of Gaza.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
New reports show that people are eating out less and less — because why walk to a restaurant when you can have an entire meal brought to your desk or sofa via a tap on that ever-present smartphone?
The NPD Group, a market research firm, says a new report shows lunchtime visits — the time of day people are most likely to go — to fast-food restaurants fell by 2 percent in 2016. And new research suggests our increasingly diverse digital lives and more loosely defined workdays are to blame.
A man eats lunch at his desk iStockphoto via Getty Images
"Consumers no longer have the same definition of convenience that they once had, given the rise in technology, mobile apps and delivery," said Diana Kelter, food service analyst at market research firm Mintel.
"I think there are a number of things that are having an impact on the decline in lunch visits," said Bonnie Riggs, NPD Group restaurant industry analyst.
Whatever Happened to the Lunch Break?
One big problem for restaurants is that the workday lunch hour just isn't what it used to be, especially for the telecommuters who can just walk to the fridge for a midday meal instead of hopping into the car.
"We definitely have a lot more people working from home," Riggs said. In addition, the shift to online shopping means fewer people hitting the mall during their lunch hours, then swinging by a fast-food chain on their way back to the office.
It appears more people are just skipping lunch, turning coffee shops and even grocery store dining areas into extension of their home offices, or taking a mid-afternoon break instead.
"The rise in the remote workforce likely creates fewer occasions for workforce meals," Darren Tristano, president of research and consulting firm Technomic, said via email.
"More consumers are spending time at places like Starbucks and Panera lingering, working and meeting with others," he said. "Workers are eating out but spreading their purchases across a larger volume of restaurant choices including convenience stores, supermarket foodservice and delivery options."
There also is a generational element at work here, Kelter added, as millennials become more dominant in the workforce.
Where There's Wi-Fi, There's a Way
"With the shift in more offices offering remote work policies, this generation is not only changing their lunch habits, but also seeking convenient locations to work from," she said. "With more places offering free Wi-Fi, which is often the only requirement consumers need to accomplish their work, the competition only grows."
"Lunch is a meal that you can cut back on and you have other options," Riggs said. "When it comes to lunch we're not having a full lunch. We're trading down and calling it a snack."
NPD found that while the number of people hitting the drive-thru for afternoon snacks — predominantly between 2:00 and 4:00 p.m. — ticked up 2 percent in the last quarter of 2016, those visits make up only 18 percent of the total for the fast food sector, which isn't enough to offset the falloff at lunchtime.
Diners have more options if they want to eat lunch at home without having to turn on the oven. Third-party delivery services are proliferating; in addition to GrubHub, the growth of the so-called gig economy means that on-demand options from Uber, Postmates and other digital platforms are entering the market.
Fast Food, Slow Money
The economics of eating out has shifted, as well; food inflation is low, but other factors have contributed to a creep up in menu prices, deterring would-be diners.
A December NPD survey found that three-quarters of respondents said they're watching their finances, and Riggs said gap between what it costs to cook a meal at home versus eat out is significant enough that it deters cost-conscious diners.
In the fast-food category, the average difference in checks where a deal like a buy-one-get-one free offer was used versus a la carte purchases shrank from nearly 50 cents to just 12 cents.
"It's cheaper to eat at home," she said. "Consumers are saying it's not a good value for the money, it costs too much."
Endress+Hauser has released the Memosens CLS82D conductivity sensor for production, process development and laboratory applications in the pharmaceutical, food, life sciences and other industries. The four-electrode sensor measures conductivity from 1 µS/cm to 500 mS/cm and temperature from 23 to 248 °F (-5 to 120 °C) with accuracy of ≤4% and repeatability of 0.2%.
For hygienic applications, the CLS82D has 316L stainless steel construction, electropolished surfaces that are easy to clean, hygienic process connections and IP68 protection, and it can be sterilized in place (SIP) at temperatures up to 284 °F (140 °C) for clean-in-place (CIP)operations. The CLS82D is certified for EHEDG, FDA, 3-A and pharmaceutical applications. Typical applications include phase separations, chromatography, fermentation, CIP, monitoring and ultrafiltration.
The sensor is available in a standard PG13.5 thread size, with 1.5 and 2 inchTri-Clamp sanitary fittings, or with an NPT fitting, making it suitable for a variety of applications.
The conductivity measuring cell has four platinum electrodes housed in a ceramic sensor element. Similar temperature expansion behaviors of the materials ensure the material bond stays tight even during extreme temperature changes, allowing cleanability and aseptic hygiene.
During operation, an alternating current is applied to the outer electrode pair. At the same time, the voltage applied is measured at the two inner electrodes. The electrolytic conductivity between the electrodes can be reliably established based on the measured voltage and the current flow caused by the liquid's resistance. The advantage of this technology compared to traditional two-electrode sensors is that electrochemical effects at the live electrodes are suppressed by the two additional voltage measuring electrodes.
The sensor connects to an Endress+Hauser Liquiline transmitter that sends conductivity and temperature information to a process control, SCADA or monitoring system via 4-20mA HART, Profibus DP, Modbus RTU or EtherNet/IP. Liquiline transmitters also have a web server that allows the CLS82D's output, status, diagnostics, logbooks and calibration information to be viewed on a handheld tablet, smartphone or laptop PC via a Wi-Fi or internet connection via any web browser.
The CLS82D is a digital sensor, so it can store a variety of data in the sensor itself including serial number, data of manufacture, calibration date, number of calibrations, conductivity application range, cell constant, hours of operation at high temperatures, and other data quantifying operating history. These features allow “plug and play” compatibility with the Liquiline transmitter to simplify commissioning, maintenance and replacement—while also improving reliability.
For example, an existing sensor can be quickly replaced with a pre-calibrated sensor which automatically connects to the Liquiline transmitter via a non-contact digital connection, eliminating problems with moisture and corrosion. Maintenance intervals can be more efficiently determined based on stored sensor load and calibration data instead of simply on a calendar basis.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — The Kiribati government says a ferry that sank this month near the remote Pacific nation had been damaged and was ordered not to carry passengers before it sailed.
Authorities say about 80 people are missing, although they haven't confirmed the exact number. A New Zealand military plane used its radar system to find seven survivors on a small wooden dinghy Sunday.
Government spokesman Tearinibeia Enoo-Teabo said Wednesday that Kiribati maritime authorities had ordered the MV Butiraoi, a 17.5-metre (57-foot) wooden catamaran, not to carry any passengers because it was seriously damaged. It's unclear if the damage to the navigational system, rudders and hull had been repaired.
He says investigators are going to the island to find out more about the passenger count and why the ferry left despite the orders.
Post-Christmas sales may rival Black Friday this year Keep those credit cards warm. Retailers hoping to extend the Christmas buying frenzy will swing their doors back open Tuesday — with some offering Black Friday-level prices to clear inventory...
Retailers brace for December lull after Black Friday, Cyber Monday craziness The shopping hangover officially starts on Tuesday. With Black Friday and Cyber Monday squarely in the rearview mirror, shoppers will catch their breath over these next two weeks during the...
Black Friday set record for most gun background checks in a day Shoppers didn't exactly bust down the doors to snag Black Friday deals. The number of visits to retail stores slipped just under 1 percent from the day after Thanksgiving last...
Black Friday turnout the 'best of the last few years' It was flashback Black Friday. Deep discounts, giveaways and the old-fashioned fun of filling shopping carts with shiny new goodies lured Big Apple bargain hunters away from the warm glow...
Tesla reveals pricing for its electric Semi truck The Tesla Semi looks cool, but the battery-powered big rig's most attractive feature could be its Black Friday pricing. The sleek-looking long-hauler will cost just $150,000 for the 300-mile range...
Jeff Bezos now worth $100B thanks to Black Friday Jeff Bezos has 100 billion reasons to be thankful this holiday season. Fresh bets that Amazon made a bundle on Thanksgiving and Black Friday pushed the company's stock to an...
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Federal officials said Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb adjacent to BancFirst in Oklahoma City.
ACTOR ALEX WINTER has spoken out about being sexually abused as a child.
The 52-year-old, best known for his role in the Bill and Ted films, said he was sexually abused in the 1970s by a man who has since died.
Speaking to BBC Radio 5 Live, Winter said the experience was “hellish”.
He said hearing other people share their own stories of sexual abuse and assault, something spurred on by the Me Too and Times's Up movements, inspired him to speak out.
“I don't think anybody felt like they were going to be heard if they said anything about this type of behaviour, until very recently.
“I didn't feel that I had any place of safety to unlock an extremely sensitive and potentially dangerous secret,” he said.
‘Therapeutic'
Winter said starring in the Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure (1989) and its sequel Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey (1991) alongside Keanu Reeves was a “therapeutic” experience for him.
It was really, really helpful for me mentally. And it was a great environment. The world of Bill and Ted is a very sweet and fun place to run around in.
Winter, now a director, said he has a “functioning, healthy life” and feels “incredibly lucky”.
“I love my career, I love my family and my kids … I absolutely feel like a survivor.”
POKER
WSOP.com are going to hit the new tri-state online poker network hard with news of $15m in guarantees spread between May and September, a new flagship Sunday event featuring $100k in guaranteed prizes and much more.
Ok, let's do this the hard way.
If crusty American lawmakers don't create a federal agreement for US-based citizens to play poker on legal and fully regulated online poker sites, the job gets done state-by-state.
All of this means that by the time we've become an interplanetary species there will no ‘America' to play online poker in, but let's not allow that minor triviality to spoil the splendid news released by the World Series of Poker (WSOP) yesterday.
Following on from New Jersey's October 2017 decision to enter into a tri-state online poker pact with Nevada and Delaware, the most iconic brand in the world of poker has whetted the appetite with a glimpse into the WSOP.com's tri-state online promotion – The Pot Got Bigger.
The WSOP Pot Got Bigger
In an email received from the delectable Seth Palansky, Vice President of Corporate Communications for the WSOP, I have learned that WSOP.com will offer players $15m in guarantees spread between May 1 and sometime in September.
Palansky urges people to pre-register for an account on the shared liquidity network as soon as possible so you can pick up the most suitable online names like Monster Dong and Solid Penis. You can begin pre-registering from April 24 and can do so from anywhere in the world (you have to be within state borders to play, of course).
At the time of writing, the WSOP is the only company to announce detailed plans to take advantage of the new network. WSOP is the operator in Nevada and New Jersey. 888Poker manages the Delaware side of things.
WSOP.com players who have an account in Nevada or Delaware have to migrate to the new platform. The WSOP will enter Nevada based players who do this into a freeroll with the winner securing a $10,000 WSOP Main Event seat. Once they migrate, all of their money, player points and tournament tickets will follow. Existing New Jersey players don't have to lift a finger.
The Sweeteners
The nitty-gritty of the Pot Got Bigger promotion is still a secret for now, but the WSOP did release some interesting snippets.
WSOP.com has promised $250,000 in Sunday Guarantees including a $100k GTD $320 buy-in Sunday flagship event, 7 pm (ET)/4 pm (PT). It will be the most significant online pot available in the US. Players can qualify in daily freerolls. One event will run daily with a $10k prize pool. $25k & $50k GTD events will also feature.
Players can compete in online bracelet freerolls from May 1 – 14. 24/7 WSOP satellites begin May 1 and end July 13. For the first time in history, players outside of Nevada can compete in online bracelet events. Here is a reminder of those dates:
Sunday, June 3 – 3:30 pm PT – $365 No-Limit Hold'em (unlimited re-entry; 1 day) – Event 10
Friday, June 22 – 3:30 pm PT — $565 6-Handed Pot-Limit Omaha (unlimited re-entry; 1 day) – Event 47
Friday, June 29 – 3:30pm PT — $1,000 No-Limit Hold'em (unlimited re-entry; 1 day) – Event 61
Saturday, June 30 – 3:30 pm PT — $3,200 High Roller No-Limit Hold'em; unlimited re-entry; 1-day Event 63
A new rewards system accompanies the new platform, with players capable of earning up to 32% rake back.
Here are the details.
Player (Monthly) – 0-199 APP's ($0-$99 in rake) = 0% rake back
Bronze (Monthly) – 200-749 APP's ($100-$324 in rake) = 8% rake back
Silver (Monthly) – 750-1,499 APP's ($325-$749 in rake) = 20% rake back
Elite (Monthly) – 1,500-19,999 APP's ($750-$9,999 in rake) = 25% rake back
Champions Club (Annual) – 20,000+ APP's ($10,000+ in rake) = 32% rake back
The WSOP will release further information in the coming months, including more news on the 25 seat scramble due to take place on July 1 offering 25 $10,000 seats into the WSOP Main Event.
Next up, Pennsylvania.
If the Keystone State joins the tri-state poker network the liquidity will almost double.
Comments
Why fantasy skippers need to study MLB counterparts Dusty Baker hates your fantasy team. So does Mike Scioscia. And Bob Melvin, Buck Showalter and Joe Maddon. OK, fine. We all know that isn't true. In fact, none of...
How the Cubs' magic can go wrong MESA, Ariz. — No team is being hurt less by the World Baseball Classic than the Cubs, with Javier Baez the only member of the expected 25-man roster currently absent...
The versatile veteran the Mets couldn't land is a hit for Cubs CLEVELAND — The player the Mets earmarked to play second base this season has manned the position for just three innings this postseason. Javier Baez's defensive star turn at second...
Historic World Series drought comes to an end no matter what CLEVELAND — Time to make history. This Fall Classic will live up to its name. The Cubs are trying to win their first World Series since Teddy Roosevelt was president...
Russell or Lindor? Chapman or Miller? Breaking down Cubs-Indians Cleveland is unofficially the sports capital of the universe, with the Cavaliers as reigning NBA champions and the Indians in the World Series. But if the Cubs win this Fall...
The mind games that will decide Cubs-Indians World Series CLEVELAND — This is bigger than baseball. For the first time in … 12 years? 20 years? Far longer than that?… the World Series faces no hype deficit. To the...
Scouting the X-factors that will decide the World Series Theo Epstein and Terry Francona probably have their eventual Hall of Fame enshrinements assured with the work they did together on two Red Sox champions and apart getting the Cubs...
Cubs even NLCS behind two slumping sluggers LOS ANGELES — The lost boys found their way Wednesday night. Anthony Rizzo and Addison Russell were the biggest slackers in a Cubs lineup that had gone two straight games...
Cubs storm into NLCS, thanks to stunning 9th-inning comeback SAN FRANCISCO — No one who has followed baseball history — ancient or recent — could see what happened in the ninth inning of the Cubs NLDS clinching win coming....
Most manufacturers and industrial operators still take a discrete approach to managing their assets and inventory. When new machinery or equipment is rolled out, their maintenance and storeroom teams develop a maintenance strategy and determine spare-parts needs, and then enter that information into their CMMS to be used across the machine or equipment's life cycle.
Automation Zone This article is part of our monthly Automation Zone column. Read more from our monthly Automation Zone series.
However, it's becoming clear that this approach does not meet the needs of today's operations. Many companies are making the move to smart manufacturing – they are upgrading their plants to be more productive in a highly competitive global environment. As a result, operations are faster, more high-tech, and more reliant on integrated machinery and equipment to increase throughput or produce a wider variety of products and packaging types.
These upgrades have added significant complexity to maintenance and storeroom activities. At the same time, organizations are under increasing pressure to get the most out of their assets at the lowest possible cost. Internal cost-cutting measures have put spare-parts inventories in the crosshairs, and engineering positions have been repositioned from the plant floor to central engineering.
On top of all of this, an evolving workforce is complicating matters. Companies' most-experienced workers are retiring, and they risk taking their organizations' critical “tribal knowledge” of equipment and processes with them.
The cumulative effects are 1) less support on the plant floor for ongoing maintenance needs, 2) greater complexity in spare-parts management, and 3) an increased risk of losing vital expertise. Many manufacturers and industrial operators are struggling to stay ahead of maintenance issues, and are creating a reactive or run-to-failure mentality and unnecessary downtime.
It's time for manufacturers and industrial operators to evolve their MRO strategies from reactive or time-based programs to a proactive, modern, asset-management program. Using a connected, data-driven approach to do so can do more than improve maintenance repair and operations (MRO) – it can deliver bottom-line cost reductions through improved OEE and reduced downtime.
A smart MRO approach can help organizations be more proactive in addressing risks before they become downtime events. For example, workers can use centralized asset intelligence to easily locate and identify the status of troubled devices, keep track of device service cycles, and better manage device and system firmware. They also can use health-based alerts and notifications to identify devices that are experiencing problems and take action before they fail. From a storeroom perspective, asset intelligence can help optimize the management of critical spares.
From an MRO perspective, asset intelligence from converged information technology (IT) and operations technology (OT) systems can help organizations streamline maintenance and storeroom activities, reduce reliability risks, and create proactive maintenance strategies – all in support of greater productivity.
Implementing this “smart MRO” approach begins with a comprehensive understanding of a company's installed asset base. Although this can be done through a manual audit of assets, a better alternative is a diagnostic reliability service that automates the data-collection process. This involves using a control-layer application that can scan and auto-discover all active networked devices. The application collects identity information for each asset, such as its location, series, catalog number, and firmware. It also collects health information, such as current, temperature, and voltage; this information is crucial to understanding asset integrity.
About the Author: Ryan Williams is product manager of asset management and reliability services for Rockwell Automation.
Once collected, the asset intelligence data can be sent to a database where it is stored, analyzed, and modeled and then delivered to workers in the form of actionable information through reports, dashboards, alerts, and notifications. The data also are continuously scanned and updated to support ongoing asset tracking and monitoring.
Automated device-identification and health-monitoring capabilities are at the heart of a smart MRO approach, and in 2017 and beyond, they will provide the foundation for creating data-driven maintenance and storeroom strategies.
Providence could never do enough against Villanova They play with no fear, so heaven wasn't a playground to the Providence College Friars, it was a Big East Tournament championship game at the World's Most Famous Arena. “I...
Providence coach rips his pants and keeps right on coaching Ed Cooley received some in-game relief to the heat of coaching in the Big East Tournament title game. The Providence coach ripped the back of his suit pants during the...
Ed Cooley's hunch nearly earns Providence the Big East title In his previous five games, Drew Edwards logged a grand total of 18 minutes. He bettered that amount by one Saturday night and nearly provided the spark to Providence winning...
Villanova captures Big East title with the help of a lucky bounce There was fortune and there was skill. More of the latter than the former. It was perfect symmetry. Because those have both been factors in Villanova becoming a national powerhouse...
Providence saw 'fear in their eyes' and knew it was over Out of nowhere, the Providence Friars were starring in a real-life “Hoosiers” being filmed at Madison Sqaure Garden. Virtually all of them suddenly taking turns being Jimmy Chitwood, and a...
Villanova looking like the best team in the country again Those late-season issues are a distant memory now — as if the three losses in eight games to close the regular season didn't happen. Villanova looks like the best team...
Providence is stunningly in the Big East final It was four years ago that a quick and shifty guard took Providence off the NCAA Tournament bubble and led the Friars to the Big East Tournament title, lifting his...
Virginia's a lock to cover I'm starting to think if St. John's and/or Rutgers finished above .500 this season they would have received parades. Virginia (-7) over Clemson: These days, the line — and often,...
Seton Hall-Villanova rematch we all wanted just slipped away They were defending Big East Tournament champions until it ended in last year's semifinals, when Villanova's Josh Hart made a crunch-time three-point play with 9.6 seconds left and Angel Delgado...
CC Sabathia is slated to start Tuesday against the Twins, meaning he'll be on seven days' rest. While the lefty said the extra time off is a benefit to him at this point in his career, he's actually been less effective this season with more time between outings.
The lefty is best when pitching on five days' rest, with a 2.93 ERA this season in 10 starts. In seven outings with more than five days between starts, Sabathia has an ERA of 4.37.
Despite that evidence, Sabathia said he'll take the additional time.
“At this point in my career, the rest is better for me,” Sabathia said Monday. “I'm not sure what the numbers are, but I know it's good for me.”
Sabathia has battled discomfort in his surgically repaired right knee in the second half of the season.
Joe Girardi said again Monday his plan is to pitch Masahiro Tanaka on Wednesday, but reiterated that he could change his rotation after saying Sunday that Luis Severino might go on Wednesday instead.
When pressed about setting up the rotation for a potential wild-card game, Girardi said: “It's still two weeks away. It's a long way away.”
see also Yankees already positioning rotation for wild-card showdown Masahiro Tanaka is listed as the Yankees' starter Wednesday against...
But he also added his planning “might have already started.”
If Severino goes Wednesday, he could pitch three times before the end of the regular season. But if the Yankees want the right-hander to be ready for the wild-card game Oct. 3, pitching him twice makes more sense.
Regardless of which way they go, Sabathia knows he won't be called upon for a wild-card game or even Game 1 of the ALDS.
“I know where I'm at in my career,” Sabathia said. “Wherever they want me to pitch, I will. I'll be ready to go whenever.”
Aaron Judge hit his 44th homer of the season Monday, becoming the third Yankee to reach that mark since 1962. Alex Rodriguez hit 54 in 2007 and 48 in 2005 and Tino Martinez hit 44 in 1997.
Judge now has homered against all but one American League team — the Royals — who the Yankees play next Monday at Yankee Stadium in a makeup game.
Gary Sanchez stayed in the game after taking a foul ball from Eddie Rosario off his left forearm in the seventh. … Jacoby Ellsbury reached base all four times, (catcher's interference, single, intentional walk and an error). He also had two stolen bases, as did Brett Gardner, as the Yankees stole a season-high four bases without being caught.
Aaron Hicks hit balls off a tee Monday.
“I've been running,” said Hicks, who has been out with a strained left oblique since Sept. 3. “I feel really good. I'm really close and should be taking BP here pretty soon.”
If he doesn't suffer any setbacks, Hicks said, “hopefully I'll be back on the field soon. It's very important. I definitely want to get my swing going before the postseason starts.”
Adam Warren (lower back spasms) is also in a race against the clock to return in time for the postseason. He threw both days over the weekend and stretched it out Monday in hopes of playing long-toss Tuesday and throwing his first bullpen session Wednesday.
BIRTHDAY GUY: Actor Zachary Gordon was born in Oak Park, Calif., on this date in 1998. This birthday guy starred as Greg Heffley in “Diary of a Wimpy Kid” and it's two sequels. His other film work includes “The Incredible Burt Wonderstone,” “The Brothers Bloom,” and “Lower Learning.” He played the recurring roles of Blotter on “Dead of Summer” and Andrew on “Last Man Standing” as well voicing the role of Gil on “Bubble Guppies.”
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Don't be fooled by the fantasy. You may feel the urge to buy something you don't need. Hold onto your pennies until you find something worthwhile. Apply a businesslike attitude to your financial decisions.
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): It's not whether you win or lose but how you play the game. The results may not turn out exactly as hoped, but your work ethic will win attention of the right people. Steer clear of new romances and relationships.
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): A good poker player never shows his hand too early in the game, even when he's holding all the aces. This isn't a good time to gamble as you may not be able to tell when someone is bluffing or simply a fake.
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Wait to make weighty decisions. People may not react in a predictable way even if you have their best interests in mind. You might hope you can pull a rabbit out of your hat but end up with only a fistful of lint.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Fight off imaginary problems by feigning ignorance and they will fade away. There is no easy way to make money or win acceptance. Your best bet is to work hard and remain ethical in the face of myriad temptations.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Stay in step with the status quo. Quickening the pace just to relieve monotony can have unexpected consequences. It is not wise to initiate any important business agreements or to go ahead with major purchases.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Try staying in the middle of the road. The more fervent you are about achieving a goal the more likely you will experience a letdown if you don't reach that goal. It is always a good idea to have a backup plan.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): You may be briefly tempted to waste time or money or a creative idea that pops up. Your long term goals will be better served by sticking closely to an existing plan. Avoid being distracted by a passing flirtation.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): This isn't a good time to make changes that involve your personal finances or business dealings unless you have covered all the angles. A special someone will be by your side through thick and thin.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Even with the best of intentions, some advice will be bad advice. Take what others tell you with a grain of salt and draw your own conclusions. It may be necessary to deal with numerous ups and downs today.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Use your credit card as a bookmark or keep it in your pocket. Research investments or major purchases carefully before you dive in on impulse. You might be tempted to waste money on frivolous things.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Give it a rest when you are not at your best. Your worldly appearance might not be in the top ten although you might be fooled into thinking it is. Fight off gullibility as clear thinking and fact finding is required.
IF FEBRUARY 15 IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: For the next six to eight weeks settle down into a routine and build up your resources. Avoid becoming involved in any new business enterprise and steer clear of contracts or agreements that could risk your financial stability. Late March and early April can be a good time when creative ideas sprout or when you can easily enjoy a romantic vacation. Your business and financial judgment is at its best in late June and early July so this is a good time to evaluate your financial situation and investments. Plan to put your most important plans into motion September and Octobers when you will have the most celestial help. That is a good time to make permanent improvements in any sector of your life and to make key decisions and changes. AMX-2017-01-12T19:00:00-05:00
Barcelona have struck a €40million deal to sign Paulinho from Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao.
The Brazil international will finalise his move to the LaLiga giants upon completing a medical and agreeing terms on a reported four-year deal on Thursday.
The 29-year-old will be Ernesto Valverde's first signing since the world-record €222m sale of Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain.
It comes after weeks of speculation over his future and marks an impressive revival in Paulinho's career.
Having struggled to convince at Tottenham following a move from Corinthians in 2013, he left to join Guangzhou two years later to link up with former Brazil boss Luiz Felipe Scolari.
Paulinho helped the club to win six trophies, including two league titles and the AFC Champions League, and his performances earned him a recall to the national team.
Zinedine Zidane has played down the idea James Rodriguez will be out to prove a point when he comes up against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
James could be included in Bayern Munich's starting XI on Wednesday when the Bundesliga champions have home advantage in the first leg of the semi-final.
The Colombia international fell down the pecking order during his second season at Madrid, leading to his departure on a two-year loan deal to Bayern, who have the option to make the move permanent.
Left out of their squad for the Champions League final last year, he now has the chance to knock his parent club out of this season's competition.
Yet Zidane revealed on the eve of the contest that he never wanted the player to leave Spain, while also stating there is no bad blood between the pair despite media speculation to the contrary.
"I didn't want James to go, he decided to go. I never had any problem with James and it's more about what is said in the press," the Frenchman told the media.
"I think he will be motivated because he is a football player. He doesn't have to prove anything to anyone.
"Anyone that thinks I am against James is wrong.
"He will want to go out and prove himself but because he likes football and that's it."
The defunct KB Toys brand is planning a comeback — after nearly a decade in mothballs.
Hoping to capitalize on the apparent demise of Toys ‘R' Us, the California company that bought the KB brand in 2016 is in talks with pop-up operators to open stores in malls before Black Friday, it said on Monday.
Ellia Kassoff, the chief executive of Strategic Marks, which bought the KB brand from the US Trademark Office after previous owner Toys ‘R' Us let it go dormant, said he will open as many stores as possible later this year.
Kassoff is a collector of dead retail brands. His company owns Bamberger's, I. Magnin, Bullock's, and the Hydrox cookie brand and others.
“My original idea for the KB brand was to relaunch it online,” but everything changed when Toys ‘R' Us said it would liquidate its 730 stores, Kassoff told The Post.
Strategic Marks is in talks with Go! Retail Group, Spencer Spirit Holdings and Party City to provide the real estate — as well as major toy manufacturers, including Mattel, Kassoff said.
“KB Toys' speciality was selling discontinued and discounted merchandise,” said Chris Byrne, executive director and content director for TTPM, a toy review Web site. “I could absolutely see this working, especially with all of the merchandise out there that was earmarked for Toys ‘R' Us.”
To be sure, Walmart, Target, Amazon and others are expected to increase their toy offerings, experts say. Toys ‘R' Us accounted for about 12 percent of US toy sales last year, according to The NPD Group.
“Do you ever get tired of something because it's just everywhere?” asks The Shins frontman James Mercer. “Then you start to see all the imitators and you get nauseated by it. I guess that's my mood right now.”
Oct. 7 | 8 p.m.
Grand Sierra Resort | Reno, Nev.
Indeed, it sometimes seems like pop music trends tend to move in periodic circles. Last decade saw the reemergence of folk music à la late 1960s/early 1970s. Now with a president who's a reality TV star and social media changing life as we know it at hyperspeed, things seem to be veering back toward the absurd, petulant sarcasm that was omnipresent during the Reagan years.
Watch the video for the new single “Half a Million”
The secret of a successful pop star is to pick up on the contemporary mood and stay one step ahead. Mercer has spent the last 20 years reacting to indie-pop vogue and making a name for himself by doing something slightly different.
“I think I was somewhat rebelling to that on this record. Right now, I'm wanting to hear stuff that's fun and uplifting in a way that's not taking itself too seriously.”
–James Mercer
“In the late 90s, the tendency in indie rock was to do stuff that was really snarky and tongue in cheek,” he says. “It was never earnest. Everything was half a joke. Weezer and Pavement are brilliant examples of this and I lived on those bands in the 90s. You're young. You don't know what to do so you imitate what you love. But at some point, I started to get a little annoyed by the copycats. I suppose that's how fashion works. Once something is ubiquitous, you shit on it.”
In response to the prevalent sophomoric cynicism, Mercer set out to record something more heartfelt. He put out two critically acclaimed indie albums at the turn of the millennium on the Sub Pop label that did remarkably well by a word of mouth.
“At the time, I wanted to do something earnest, something where I was being vulnerable,” he says.
The approach worked and his unique brand of sensitive indie pop came into the national spotlight when, in the 2004 movie, “Garden State,” Natalie Portman's character handed Zach Braff's character her headphones and said, “You gotta hear this one song. It will change your life, I swear.”
Just like that, “New Slang” was a worldwide indie phenomenon. Scores of successful indie folk acts such as Iron and Wine, Fleet Foxes and The Head and The Heart followed suit. But since that time, Mercer's ever-changing mood has again shifted. At this point, he's ready for something new.
“Now I'm feeling this pseudo-earnestness is ubiquitous and cloying and it kind of drives me nuts,” he says. “So, I think I was somewhat rebelling to that on this record. Right now, I'm wanting to hear stuff that's fun and uplifting in a way that's not taking itself too seriously.”
The new album, “Heartworms,” is just that — an upbeat, flippant, hooked-filled project that still undeniably sounds like The Shins.
“I guess it's time to put your tongue back in your cheek,” Mercer says.
Mercer's poignant and lyrical songwriting has always been influenced by his emotional ups and downs. Although his lyrics can be viewed as intensely personal, they have always had a looking-into-the-fishtank-of-the-world-from-the-outside quality to them.
“I've been feeling really good lately,” says Mercer. “It's funny how it comes at certain times and it's hard to predict. I think that I'm totally f***ing fine until something heavy happens. But being busy the way I've been helps. It makes it easy since you don't have to deal as much. I can see how people with certain issues become workaholics so they can escape what they're feeling. I think that I've got a bit of that. There are probably a lot of good chemicals out there nowadays that would help, but then I'd have to stop drinking beer.”
For more information or for tickets, visit theshins.com or grandsierraresort.com.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Blaze Bernstein. Orange County Sheriff's Department / AP
- Advertisement -
McGreevy said authorities found a knife in Woodward's car and multiple knives in his home, but could not say if any were the murder weapon.
In a statement, Bernstein's family said it appreciated efforts to require the maximum bail and “meaningful” restrictions for Woodward.
“It gives us some measure of comfort to know that, should he be released, he will not be able to come near our family,” the statement said. “Nevertheless, we are still concerned for the public's safety.”
Woodward, who is currently held in jail in Santa Ana, is due back in court March 2.
At the hearing, he smiled upon seeing his lawyer and then sat out of view of the more than a dozen journalists gathered in the courtroom.
Munoz declined to comment after the hearing.
According to a court filing obtained by the Orange County Register, Woodward told investigators that he became angry after Bernstein kissed him the night they went to the park.
Earlier on Friday, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas declined to say whether authorities believe Bernstein was killed because he was gay, but said the case showed the need to change California law to include sexual orientation and gender as motivating factors for more serious murder charges that can carry the death penalty.
State Sen. Janet Nguyen said she was proposing legislation to make the change.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Could UberVINO bring more tourists to WA wineries?
Swan Valley winemakers hope the launch of a new Uber travel service will encourage visitors to the region. UberVINO launches in Perth today, giving small groups of up to four people an opportunity to explore the area with flexibility — all at the push of a button.Visitors, including overseas tourists, will be able to use the app to create their own itinerary with destinations including wineries. Source, The West Australian
Hasan Ali stars as Pakistan crush England to reach Champions Trophy final
ESPNcricinfo – England's quest to secure their first trophy in a 50-over global tournament came to grief in emphatic fashion in Cardiff as Pakistan surged into the final of the Champions Trophy with masterful unpredictability, completing a thumping win by eight wickets with nearly 13 overs to spare.
Central to Pakistan's victory was their commendable vigour and skill with the ball on a dry, abrasive surface to dismiss England for only 211. A re-used pitch was the one on which Pakistan had earned their semi-final spot by edging out Sri Lanka in frenzied fashion on Monday, and it might have been designed for them. This time, there were no alarms with the bat as both their wickets and nerves remained intact.
England, who have been routine collectors of 300-plus scores since the last World Cup, have rarely looked as subservient since adopting a more daring brand of one-day cricket. They became becalmed with the bat as Pakistan's pace attack found enough reverse swing to be perpetually dangerous, and they did not match their opponent's standard when it was their own turn to bowl.
Neither should this England defeat be remotely put down to an inability to cope with the demands of the occasion, because interest in this tournament on their own shores has been manageable, disappointingly so. They tried to adapt to conditions but came up short. Morgan's measured comment that they “did not prepare for a used wicket” was revealing.
They were simply outplayed. All six Pakistan bowlers acquitted themselves impressively, backed up by combative fielding and the desire of their wicketkeeper-captain, Sarfraz Ahmed, to maintain an attacking intent.
Hasan Ali, a fist-pumping, arm-outstretching inspiration, finished with 3 for 35 and his 10 wickets make him the leading wicket-taker in the tournament – the face of Pakistan's success. He continued to sweet-talk the Kookaburra ball into occasional responses – a reluctant grunt of reverse here, a wink of compliance there. Junaid Khan was another impressive suitor.
Pakistan had been dealt a potentially grievous blow before the toss when Mohammad Amir, their attack leader, was ruled out of the match with a back spasm. However, Rumman Raees, his reputation enhanced in the Pakistan Super League, put in a solid shift of left-arm fast-medium on his ODI debut. Imad Wasim's left-arm slows and the leg spin of the recalled Shadab Khan also contained England's ambitions on a dry, used surface, with the seasoned Mohammad Hafeez equally hard to combat.
Pakistan's chase was a breeze, and Fakhar Zaman's exuberant innings – 57 from 58 balls – was an unfastened kite that swirled around unpredictably in that breeze. An opening stand of 118 in 21 overs made necessary early inroads into England's total. While Azhar progressed intelligently to 76, Fakhar pretty much did what he liked.
Fakhar, a former navy trainee who is in his first ODI series, claimed his second successive half-century in a do-or-die game. England's quicks pounded the middle of the pitch in an obsessive belief that they could dismiss him with the short ball. Their conviction was understandable because it was a seat-of-the-pants innings from the moment he top-edged the second ball he faced, from Mark Wood, over fine leg for six. Another flew in the same direction off the helmet. An on-the-charge pull against Jake Ball was another variation.
By the time England reviewed for a supposed catch behind the wicket, Fazhar had his fifty and one suspected that Wood, back for a second spell, wanted the replay because of sheer aggravation. It showed, as Fazhar knew it would, that the ball had brushed his hip. He fell in the next over, deceived by Adil Rashid's googly as he made room to blaze him over the off-side to be stumped by Buttler.
Azhar Ali increasingly looks a class act. Little troubled him until he charged a slower ball from Ball and bottom-edged it into his stumps. There is talk of a slight calf strain and Pakistan need him in the final. Mohammad Hafeez, who should have been stumped by Buttler off Rashid, sparked celebrations by pulling a long hop from Stokes to the boundary. Stokes' 3.1 overs disappeared for 38 – an off-colour display that epitomised England's collective lethargy.
Such a towelling was not remotely signalled as noon approached. That England reached 80 for 1 midway through the 17th over was contentment enough. It was at this stage that Jonny Bairstow – summoned in preference to the woefully out-of-touch Jason Roy, who had made 52 in his last eight knocks – fell for 43 from 57 balls. Joe Root and Eoin Morgan also got starts (not that Morgan ever settled), but it was Stokes' careworn innings that was most revealing.
Stokes had pummelled Australia at The Oval to knock them out of the tournament, but he failed to hit a boundary in scraping 34 from 64 balls before he struck a slower off-cutter from Hasan straight up in the air 15 balls from the end. It felt like hard work: he might have been batting in dense air. England hit only 15 boundaries, only one in the last 11 overs – and that was an edge.
Pakistan restricted England despite the sensation that luck was siding with the home side. Three reviews fell in their favour in the first half of the innings. Bairstow might have fallen lbw second ball, for nought. But Bairstow survived against Junaid by virtue of umpire's call and a plentiful supply of leg-side whips gave England the sort of start they had been lacking all summer.
Bairstow was dropped twice, too, on 27, when Azhar failed to cling to a tough, leaping catch above his head, and again on 42 when he swiped at a wide one from Shadab and another head-high chance this time evaded Babar at slip. Generally, however, Pakistan's outfielding was at the top of its game.
Alex Hales overturned his dismissal, lbw to Raees on 9, but failed to prosper as the same bowler defeated his advance down the pitch courtesy of a catch at short extra cover. Morgan also benefited from a review, on 19, rightly confident that the deflection when he reverse-swept Shadab would prove to have come off his forearm.
If Bairstow had become anxious at England's slowing progress, it was nothing compared to the disquiet in the second half of the innings as the ball softened and reverse swing became evident. It has been a while since Morgan allowed himself such a prolonged period of assessment, a succession of defensive pushes at deliveries angled into him symbolising England's unease.
Joe Root was England's fall-back on such a surface and he proceeded to 46 from 56 balls with a succession of learned pushes that were beyond his team-mates – 30 singles in all. He took painkillers in case his back played up, but fell cutting when Shadab summoned a little extra pace and bounce.
Morgan, fortunate not to be bowled by Hafeez when he tried to pull early in the innings, eventually charged at Hasan in desperation and the ball, not just wide but moving wider, was edged into the wicketkeeper's hands. Jos Buttler soon followed, Junaid angling the ball across him.
As Stokes laboured, nobody else filled him with hope. Moeen Ali departed to a top-edged pull against Junaid, excellently held on the run by Fakhar at deep square leg. Rashid suffered a hangdog run-out after being struck on the pad by a yorker. England's bowlers hoped they would be happier with a ball in their hands. Instead, the truth was far less palatable.
Moments of palpable relief, followed by moments of renewed tension, and then back again.
That's been the situation in Spain since the controversial independence referendum last weekend in the region of Catalonia — Catalunya in the local language, Catalan — that has submerged the country into its biggest crisis in decades.
Some now predict the crisis could drag on indefinitely.
Among the most recent developments, Spain's Constitutional Court has ordered that the Catalan parliament not convene Monday, when many believed independence might be declared. Yet there was also an apology from the government's side over last week's violent vote.
What's the latest? It remains unclear precisely how many Catalans turned out to vote last Sunday, given the chaos that marked the day, which included ballot boxes being seized and allegations fromy opponents that some supporters of independence had cast multiple ballots. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont, in a BBC interview earlier this week, said any suspect votes had been tossed out:
It has been widely reported that 90% of 2.26 million votes cast in the referendum were in support of separation from Spain.
The Supreme Court and the central government in Madrid deemed the vote illegal, with the latter seeking through various means to stop it. Critics say the government went too far, flooding the region with national police, who at times clashed with those who turned up at polling places. Images and videos showing bloodied, injured Catalans went viral across social media.
What's next? The major players in this crisis have been heard from this week. In what looks like the first apology from the central government, Enric Millo, the government's representative in Catalonia, extended an olive branch in a televised comment on Friday.
“When I see these images, and more so when I know people have been hit, pushed and even one person who was hospitalized, I can't help but regret it and apologize on behalf of the officers that intervened,” Millo said, according to Reuters. Meanwhile, Puigdemont has said he wants to address the region's Parliament on Tuesday.
Puigdemont had been planning to address the region's Parliament on Monday, but the Spanish court has suspended that meeting, after opposition by those Catalan lawmakers who do not want independence, a growing voice in the region. The Monday meeting is of significance in that Puigdemont was expected by many to declare independence, as he told an interview earlier this week that that was to likely happen in the coming week. But it can't be ruled out that independence could be debated at the Tuesday meeting.
The topic is divisive on social media and across cities in Spain. Madrid is largely supportive of the central government, but there are pockets of people who have protested the police's heavy-handed treatment of voters in the north. A pro-unity demonstration is planned for Madrid on Saturday and in Barcelona on Sunday.
RT por favor. Este sábado en Colón (Madrid) a las 12:00. Manifestación en defensa de España y de las FFCCSE. Acudamos de forma masiva 🇪🇸 pic.twitter.com/cVXyXgeJpn — Cristian C. (@cristianc_esp) October 6, 2017
Some have been pleading for less division in the country, Pablo Iglesias, leader of left-wing party Podemos urged a peaceful Saturday: “It's time to decide that Spain is a country that is bigger than its politicians,” he said.
The government has increased pressure on the region, with a legal decree that makes is easier for companies to move their headquarters out of Catalonia. A number of companies such as Banco de Sabadell SAB, -1.89% and Gas Natural GAS, -0.54% have said they would relocate or are considering relocating their headquarters, to alleviate shareholder worries about having the company's base in a region that could very well break away from Spain.
Spanish stocks SXXP, -0.40% have had a tumultuous week, finishing down 1.2%, but with a 0.3% loss on Friday. Other days have seen bigger losses as investors grow weary and wary of the crisis.
A declaration of independence? If Catalonia declares independence next week, the Spanish government may invoke Article 155 , a legal clause that allows them to take control of Catalonia's government. The declaration of independence would be declared null and void, and new elections would likely be called. Unrest, demonstrations and strikes would likely be the reaction from those who voted for independence. As well, observers said Catalan leaders could very well be arrested.
Manuel Muñiz, dean of International Studies at IE School of International Relations told MarketWatch that those in Catalonia who are opposed to independence are starting to mobilize. ”Getting two sides protesting on the street is a worrying development, with the potential for actual conflict,” he said in a telephone interview.
He said the conflict could drag on for weeks and months possibly well into spring or summer of 2018.”It's going to get much worse before it gets better,” he said. “We're stuck in these irreconcilable positions,” he said.
“We are bound for more volatility [in Spanish markets] as the meltdown approaches,” said Predrag Dukic, senior equity sales trader at CM Capital Markets in Madrid, in emailed comments.
Office-space creation is rampant along and near the Brooklyn waterfront.
While brand-new projects command lots of attention, the Walentas family's Two Trees Management is enjoying a banner leasing year at three Dumbo buildings it has owned for 40 years.
Two Trees' 45 Main St., 55 Washington St. and 20 Jay St., near the base of the Manhattan Bridge, with a total 1.255 million square feet, have quietly seen 288,000 square feet of activity in 2017, including newly signed leases, expansions and renewals.
In addition, talks are ongoing for 47,000 square feet more. Two Trees' Dumbo holdings include more than 3 million square feet of space, much of it residential.
Although a 50,000- square-foot relocation from Manhattan to 55 Washington St. signed in March by architect Bjarke Ingels was widely reported, the more-meaningful news about the Two Trees complex is that the vast majority of other new deals were very small — many under 5,000 square feet.
“From Day One, our bread and butter was small spaces,” said Two Trees principal Jed Walentas. “It's a totally different business model from bringing in a 100,000-square-foot tenant.”
He also said that “we invested tens of millions of dollars in new infrastructure” for the old industrial properties, and they appeal to firms other landlords might regard as too small to bother with.
“We think of our properties as incubators,” Walentas said. Some tenants stay, while others move on.
His Dumbo portfolio is especially popular with tenants in the creative, tech and media fields. This year's arrivals include Slingshot VR, a virtual and augmented reality firm, which took 3,000 square feet at 20 Jay St., and travel-focused digital-content firm Passion Passport, which leased a mere 857 square feet at 55 Washington.
Tenant amenities include roof-decks on all three buildings designed by High Line vets James Corner Field Operations.
Besides accommodating smaller tenants than many landlords are willing to, Two Trees offers shorter-term leases at the three buildings than are usually available elsewhere. “Early-stage companies are growing a ton, but neither they nor we know where they'll be in five years,” Walentas said.
“Our asking rents are generally in the $40s to low $50s,” he said. It's reasonable by today's standards, but a lot more than when Two Trees acquired the buildings in the 1970s. At the time, the properties still being used for manufacturing and warehousing fetched as little as $1 to $2 a square foot.
Welcome to FTW's NASCAR Feud of the Week, where we provide a detailed breakdown of the latest absurd, funny and sometimes legitimate controversies and issues within the racing world. This week, however, our focus is shifting to the IndyCar Series.
While NASCAR drivers seem to capture the spotlight more frequently with heated confrontations – which sometimes get physical – after races, this week's highlighted feud in motor sports is between two IndyCar drivers: Simon Pagenaud and Gabby Chaves.
After the conclusion of the Honda Indy Grand Prix of Alabama on Monday – the race was delayed a day because of rain – Pagenaud, who finished ninth, was furious with Chaves, who came in 17th, for making it difficult for him to pass. Now, it's fair to wonder why one driver would easily let another pass by, but Chaves was at least one lap down from the leaders – Pagenaud says he was down two while Chaves maintains it was only one – and it's common for drivers who aren't on the lead lap to allow ones who are pass them with relative ease.
Well, Pagenaud claims Chaves didn't do that, and he stormed over to the No. 88 Chevrolet's pit box to have a word with Chaves. (Warning: There is NSFW language in this video.)
Simon Pagenaud confronts Gabby Chaves. "Get the (expletive) out of here." pic.twitter.com/Hp0ASOJ11q — Matt Weaver (@MattWeaverAW) April 23, 2018
While it's difficult to hear Pagenaud's rant, Chaves responds at one point saying he did let the No. 22 Chevrolet driver pass eventually:
“Get the [expletive] out of here! … Dude! As soon as you got next to me, I let you by – just like [Scott] Dixon did. … You weren't the only one who couldn't [expletive] catch up!”
Pagenaud elaborated on why he was so angry after the race. Via The Indy Star:
“We had a pretty good race going, and I think we potentially could have been a top five (finisher),” Pagenaud said. “So, I was very frustrated with Gabby. He was two laps down. And I just got stuck behind him, which gave an opportunity to (Scott) Dixon as I was trying everything I could to make it happen”.
Early in this IndyCar season, Pagenaud n't has the best outings, wrecking in the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach the weekend before this Alabama race. Couple that with not finishing in the top five again and Chaves said the Team Penske driver was just looking for “someone to blame for his race”.
Chaves added, via The Indy Star:
“If you want to have a conversation, let's have conversation. I'm all for that. But he's coming at me barking: ‘(Expletive) this, (expletive) that. Next time you're in contention to win the race, and I'm in a bad position, I'm going to (expletive) up your race.' And, to me, that's not a conversation, so I told him to get the (expletive) out of here.”
That's a not-so-thinly-veiled threat against Pagenaud, who will have to watch his back if he finds himself around Chaves at IndyCar's next race, the IndyCar Grand Prix on May 12.
Image copyright PA
A meeting with Jeremy Corbyn to discuss anti-Semitism in the Labour Party was a "disappointing, missed opportunity", Jewish leaders have said.
The Jewish Leadership Council and Board of Deputies of British Jews said the Labour leader did not agree to any of the concrete actions they asked for.
They want disciplinary cases speeded up and Mr Corbyn to use his "personal authority" to drive cultural change.
"I am absolutely committed to rooting out anti-Semitism," Mr Corbyn said.
The Labour leader had been accused of not taking the issue seriously enough by Jewish groups and some of his own MPs, who took part in a protest in Parliament Square last month.
The Jewish Leadership Council and Board of Deputies wrote to Mr Corbyn following the demonstration to suggest "areas of action".
After a meeting with Mr Corbyn, which lasted more than two hours, the organisations said in a statement: "We are disappointed that Mr Corbyn's proposals fell short of the minimum level of action which our letter suggested.
"Words in letters and newspaper articles will never be enough. We welcome the fact that Mr Corbyn's words have changed but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge him and the Labour Party."
They said the following suggested points of action were rejected:
A fixed timetable to deal with anti-Semitism cases
Expedite the long-standing cases involving Ken Livingstone and Jackie Walker
No MP should share a platform with somebody expelled or suspended for anti-Semitism
Adopt in full the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) definition of anti-Semitism
Transparent oversight of the disciplinary process
The Jewish leaders also say the Labour leader has been slow to act on the recommendations of a 2016 report by Labour peer Shami Chakrabarti, which called for action to address what it said was the "occasionally toxic atmosphere" in the party, but it has yet to be implemented in full.
A mum and daughter died in a sauna after the door handle came off, police have said.
The women, aged 65 and 45, became trapped in a friends' sauna.
The owner checked on them after they'd been in the sauna around an hour and a half and found them lying on the floor inside.
They had tried to break the window of the door.
The tragedy took place in the garden of a home in Jicin near Prague, Czech Republic, on Saturday evening.
According to The Mirror, police spokeswoman Iva Kormosova said in a statement: “The mother and daughter were taking a sauna at their friends' place in a garden colony.
“The owner thought they were taking too long to come out so she went to check and found them lying on the floor.
“The handle on the sauna door broke and the women were trapped. They tried to break the window on the door but failed.”
According to local media reports the women were neighbours of the homeowners who owned the sauna.
Paramedics were called but the pair were pronounced dead at the scene.
The cause of deaths is not yet known but post-mortem exams are due to be carried out in the coming days.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WDTN) – Voters will once again be asked if they want to legalize marijuana for recreational use, next November, when a new ballot issue on the subject will be up for vote.
A group on Columbus announced today, they are backing the “Free Market Adult Consumption of Marijuana” ballot issue for November 2018. It allows for commercial cultivation, processing, and dispensing of marijuana by people over the age of 21.
Jimmy Gould of CannAscend said: “Basically legal and commercial marijuana businesses are going to be treated like alcohol businesses.”
Voters said no to a similar effort back in 2015: Issue 3. But supporters say they're ready to try again.
“We're the only people who ever done that and gotten it on the ballot – that was issue 3,” Gould said. “And that cost a lot of money and we're going to do it again. So we will be on the ballot in 2018 in November.”
State Representative Niraj Antani, however, slammed the move as “ill conceived” and “dishonest”. He said special interests will profit, at the expense of taxpayers.
“This is just another money, special interest that's trying to come into Ohio and buy our ballot,” Antani said.
“We should discuss whether one guy or one company should be able to have the power to put a constitutional amendment on the ballot to sear into constitution, recreational marijuana – how he does it to his benefit, for his company's benefit.”
Antani has proposed his own resolution which would make it harder to for special interests to – quote – “hijack” Ohio ballots.
House Joint Resolution 5 would increase the number of signatures needed for both initiated statue and constitutional amendment, increase the vote total needed for passage to 60 per cent, and ban the paying of petition gatherers.
Among other things, the new ballot says marijuana cultivators must grow the drug in a non-public view able location that's inaccessible to people under the age of 21.
Share On more Share On more
Allison Mack , the Smallville actor who prosecutors accused of being involved in an alleged secret sex trafficking cult , was released from jail on Tuesday on $5 million bond.
Mack's parents, Melinda and Jonathan Mack, put up their Los Alamitos, California home to help secure bond. Mack, 35, also put up the property she owns.
Mack has pleaded not guilty.
Under the conditions of her release, Mack will be under house arrest and will need to apply with pre-trial services before she travels to her lawyer's offices in Manhattan and for future court appearances in the US District Court for the Eastern District of New York in Brooklyn.
Judge Viktor Pohorelsky told Mack that she is not to associate with anyone — past or present — from the alleged self-help group NXIVM, which authorities said was led by Keith Raniere.
Mack and Rainere have both been charged with sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy, and forced labor conspiracy. They face a minimum 15 years in prison and could potentially receive life if convicted.
“In other words basically avoid anyone you know who has associated in any way with NXIVM. Do you understand?” Pohorelsky said.
Mack responded that she agreed.
Melinda Mack didn't comment to reporters when she left the courthouse. She was escorted to a waiting car.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates and follow BuzzFeed News on Twitter.
DENISON, TX -- Grayson College may not be big, but the $2.1 million skills development grant it received Wednesday fits that description.
"That is a big grant," said student Antoinette Smith. "It just makes us look even bigger."
It is the biggest such grant Grayson College has ever accepted.
"It's certainly a rarity for a community of our size," said President Dr. Jeremy McMillen. "It speaks to the partnerships we have."
The Texas Workforce Commission presented the school with a check that will provide more than 44,000 training hours to some 1,200 students through partnerships with local medical facilities. The school will also be able to use some of the funds to purchase related new equipment.
Medical training at Grayson College. (KTEN)
TWC chairman Andres Alcantar had some solid reasons for handing the big check to Grayson College.
"The willingness of leaders in this community to come together for the benefit of the overall community; to make sure the employers here are successful; and to make sure that the individuals looking for work here have the skills that are needed by employers," Alcantar said. "That's a very powerful message."
The training looks to improve the quality of healthcare services and provide a hands-on learning experience.
"I'm extremely confident that this will pave the way for current employees, but also for future students to have an understanding of the wonderful careers that are available in health care here in this region," Alcantar said.
A nationwide manhunt is underway for three men accused of kidnapping and raping two sisters, ages 13 and 14, in northern Ohio, Bowling Green police said.
One suspect, David Ramos Contreras, 27, of Mexico, was spotted Saturday with two women in a lightly colored vehicle at a Walmart in Holland, Ohio, said police, who are asking for the public's help in their pursuit of the suspects.
All three men are classified as dangerous, police said. It's not clear whether they're traveling together.
Nationwide warrants were issued for Contreras, Juan Garcia Rios Adiel and Arnulfo Ramos after an alleged incident last week at a Days Inn motel in Bowling Green, Deputy Chief Justin White said Tuesday in a statement.
The sisters were staying at the hotel with their parents when four men held them for a time against their will, White said. Later, the girls' mother took them to be examined at a local hospital, he said.
Police learned of the incident around 11 p.m. on June 28, Lt. Dan Mancuso told CNN on Wednesday, adding he was unsure of the date of the alleged attack.
One suspect, Simon Juan Thomas, 24, of Guatemala, was arrested the next day, and charged with unlawful sexual conduct with a minor, a misdemeanor, jail records show. He was being held by the Wood County, Ohio sheriff on $50,000 bond.
Police believe the men had stayed at the Days Inn for about a week before the alleged crimes, they said.
All four suspects were found to have “fraudulent paperwork” documenting their status as immigrant workers, White said.
“We are investigating an alleged sexual assault, not their immigration status,” White told CNN affiliate WTVG.
The US Immigrations and Customs Enforcement agency is also involved in the manhunt, Bowling Green police said.
Contreras previously has been deported, White said.
AMARILLO, Texas (AP) — Officials in Texas say four children have died from gas poisoning believed to have been caused by a pesticide sprayed under their Amarillo home.
Amarillo Fire Department officials say other people who were in the home are “not out of the woods” yet.
Fire officials say a chemical reaction occurred when one person tried to wash off a pesticide that had been sprayed under the house. Poisonous Phosphine gas was released.
Capt. Larry Davis said in a statement Monday that crews responded to a medical call at the home about 5 a.m. One child died at the scene and three others died at a hospital. Officials didn't release any identifying information, including the children's ages.
Other family members and first responders are being treated.
SEOUL - South Korean prosecutors raided Korean Air Lines' headquarters over suspected embezzlement and breach of trust by members of its owning family, Yonhap News Agency reported on Thursday.
A Korean Air spokesman said an investigative team was at the headquarters. A prosecution spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
A one-bedroom, 1½-bathroom condo in Trump Tower, aka White House North, is finally in contract after being on the market for 314 days, according to StreetEasy. It was last asking $2.19 million.
The glitzy unit at 721 Fifth Ave., which comes with presidentially priced common charges of $1,812/month, is on the 32nd floor and features floor-to-ceiling windows.
The black glassy building — which could be considered the highest-profile apartment building in the country — also now comes with the additional prestige of having Secret Service security, as brokers for another listing in the building recently noted.
The listing brokers for this apartment, Douglas Elliman's Tal and Oren Alexander, declined to comment.
Knicks preview: Finding out how low they can go The only question is whether Jeff Hornacek will replace Derek Fisher in the history books for worst single-season record for a Knicks coach. Probably not, but after an 0-5 preseason,...
Who will stop Warriors-Cavs Finals? The Post's NBA predictions The offseason is just about over. Here are The Post's NBA predictions: Marc Berman East playoff teams 1. Cavs 2. Celtics 3. Raptors 4. Bucks 5. Wizards 6. Heat 7....
Nets preview: It's a different team, but is it better? When Sean Marks took the Nets' general manager job midstream in 2016, he knew full well the rebuild would be long and tough, if not impossible. The staggering 123 losses...
A migrant teen shocked officials in Spain when they found him trying to smuggle himself out of Morocco curled up inside a suitcase.
The Spanish Civil Guard released photos over the weekend of the 19-year-old from Gabon scrunched into a ball inside the chrome-colored, hard-sided luggage. He was discovered on Friday.
Police said he was helped by a Moroccan woman who was caught trying to transport him in the suitcase across the border into Ceuta, a Spanish enclave in the North African country. The woman was arrested.
Gabon is in Central Africa.
News of their capture came as a stampede of 1,100 migrants on Sunday stormed the same border, which is lined with a 19-foot-high fence topped with barbed wire.
Five Spanish and 50 Moroccan border guards were injured in the mayhem, which included migrants throwing rocks and metal bars to try to break down the fence.
At least 10 of the Moroccan officers were seriously injured.
All but two of the migrants were sent back to Morocco and nearly 800 were arrested, the Spanish government said.
The Ceuta peninsula on the Mediterranean in Morocco is controlled by Spain and has traditionally been used as a transit point for trips to the Spanish mainland.
The area has been a hotbed of conflict recently as migrants from sub-Saharan Africa have tried to climb over the fence while seeking safe havens in Europe.
OXFORD, Ohio (AP) — Miami University in southwest Ohio has seen a recent spike in students taken for alcohol-related hospital treatment.
Authorities say 21 emergency calls for alcohol-related illness were made over four days starting last Thursday evening. School officials say seven of the students were on campus and 14 were not.
The Oxford school's fraternities and sororities had a moratorium on alcohol-related events during the recruitment process for new pledges. The moratorium was lifted last Thursday as the rush reason ended.
The reports of hospitalizations prompted university officials to call an emergency meeting with fraternity and sorority leaders at the home of President Gregory Crawford.
Miami has a number of alcohol education and programs in place to address excessive student drinking.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Lebanon finishes 4th at McGavock Invitational
Lebanon finished fourth in the McGavock Invitational last Saturday. Eli Clemons and Evan Clemons each won his individual weight classwhile Jaxon Whittaker finished second and Dejuan Williamson, Dewayne Williamson and Eli Nelms were fourth. The Blue Devils will next wrestle at 5 p.m. today at Hendersonville.
One of the recent shared links asks whether Ivanka Trump or Tiffany Trump is "the sexiest Trump."
The image itself has been around since at least January on religious forums. In short, Tiffany's post is unlikely to have been made by Tiffany Trump herself.
BuzzFeed News has reached out to The White House to ask about the post but has not yet heard back. The post will be updated if we do.
This wasn't a hit Gary Sanchez will necessarily cherish. He admitted it was more about good fortune than skill, the ball finding the right spot.
“I just threw the bat at it. I got lucky there,” Sanchez said of his opposite-field, go-ahead, two-run single in the Yankees' 5-3 win over the Astros Wednesday night in The Bronx.
With the bases loaded and two outs in the fifth inning, the Astros went into a shift, leaving a canyon-size space open on the right side of the infield. So Sanchez sent a 1-2 Dallas Keuchel fastball in that exact spot, turning a one-run deficit into a one-run lead.
“To me, it was just putting the ball in play,” he said. “That's what I was trying to do. It's obvious I don't hit a lot of ground balls to second base.”
see also Severino dominates as Yankees take another series from Astros If the Yankees and Astros meet again this season, it...
It worked, and Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 in the process, producing the big hit that had eluded him of late. The two RBIs were his first since May 19, a span of eight games, the second-longest stretch of his career.
“Any time you get a hit, you're going to feel good,” he said. “But the important thing there was I got that hit and I was able to put the team ahead. That's the most important thing there, getting ahead, contributing, helping the team.”
Indeed, the Yankees never trailed again, going on to take their second series of the year from the defending World Series champion Astros to remain two games behind the Red Sox in the AL East.
It was significant that Sanchez delivered the go-ahead hit. Though his power numbers are solid — 12 home runs, 35 RBIs and a .485 slugging percentage — his .799 OPS is underwhelming. So is his .211 batting average. That the Yankees still lead baseball in runs per game despite Sanchez not being at his best speaks to the depth of their lineup. And they don't seem concerned about their catcher.
“In the long run, he's not going to hit down there [average-wise],” manager Aaron Boone said. “He'll get it going and take off at some point. He just hasn't had that long streak where he's getting multiple hits all the time. Those streaks will come for him.”
Maybe this was the start of one.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
People are mesmerized and confused by glowing orb Trump touched An eerie-looking photo of President Trump and Middle Eastern leaders with their hands on a mysterious, glowing orb lit up social media Sunday, with users comparing the world leaders to...
Trump compliments Egyptian president's 'nice shoes' WASHINGTON – President Trump praised Egypt's president as “my friend” and took special notice of his footwear. In a meeting with Abdel Fattah el-Sisi Trump gushed over his dress shoes....
'I felt fire grabbing my face': Witnesses recount Egypt church bombings At least 44 people were killed and more than 100 wounded in Palm Sunday blasts at two Coptic churches in Egypt for which ISIS claimed responsibility. The bombings targeted worshippers...
Trump says he's 'confident' Egypt will handle terror attack properly ​President Trump took to Twitter on Sunday to express ​confidence​ in the Egyptian leader after terrorists set off bombs in two Coptic churches, killing at least 43 people. “So sad...
Trump wants to broker Middle East peace talks President Trump wants to host a Middle East summit to jump-start peace talks between the Israelis and the Palestinians as soon as this summer, according to a report. Trump and...
Trump, Egyptian president trade compliments at White House Egyptian strongman Abdel-Fattah el-Sisi and President Trump traded compliments during a brief joint appearance at the White House on Monday, with the Middle East leader praising the president's “unique personality.”...
De Blasio's double standard on 'terror' murders and other comments From the right: Sisi in DC — a Most Important Visit Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi visited President Trump Monday after years of being “slighted” by the Obama administration, reports...
Egypt's president thinks Trump would be a strong leader Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has given Donald Trump's presidential candidacy a big thumbs up, saying there was “no doubt” the GOP nominee would be a strong leader. The Egyptian...
Trump has sit-down with Egypt's president Donald Trump expressed “his high regard for peace-loving Muslims” during a meeting Monday night with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in New York, the Trump campaign announced. The high-level sit-down...
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
GUEST: Paul Sweeney, U.S. Director of Research and Senior Media/Internet Analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence, on Facebook in hot water after the Cambridge Analytica data breach, and Apple developing their own screens.
Running time 07:17
LONDON – Plenty of us turn to takeout when we're feeling too sick to cook. But a Belfast woman's order has gone viral after she asked for a side order of medicine with her food.
Feeley's Fish & Chip Shop received the unusual request from Fiona Cuffe on December 30. In the “‘additional comments” section, she'd written, “Will you please stop in Spar on the way and get me Benylin cold & flu tablets and I'll give you the money, only ordering food so I can get the tablets I'm dying sick xx.”
Feeley's shared a photo of the receipt on Facebook with the caption “Words absolutely fail me.”
Despite being taken aback, the restaurant fulfilled the order — and posted a picture of the much-needed flu pills before delivering them.
The original photo has been shared nearly 3,000 times on Facebook, with many commenters from around the world praising Feeley's customer service. Even Fiona's father John posted his thanks.
The restaurant's social media manager, Daniel Casey, told CNN they were “shocked to see such a strange request — but I admired her skill to get what she needed!”
“And she stated she was dying, so of course we were happy to help.
“We operate in a small community and the customer in question has used us several times before,” he said. “She was delighted at receiving the medicine and we wish her a speedy recovery — our customers are the lifeblood of our business, and we will always do what we can for them.”
And just in case Fiona's medicine didn't perk her up, Feeley's even offered to send her a free meal when she's feeling better.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BLUE SPRINGS, Mo. -- A roommate is shocked, after the metro teacher he was living with for the past two months is charged with having sexual relationships with underage boys.
James “Russell” Green, 52, is now behind bars and facing six counts of sodomy for allegations that span more than a decade.
Green has been a teacher at various schools across the metro for more than 30 years. He was most recently working as a teacher and coach at Northgate Middle School in the North Kansas City School District, where is now on administrative leave.
“It`s a shock to me that this could even happen,” said Green's 22-year-old roommate, who asked Fox 4 to hide his identity. “I`m just like, this is really sad for everybody involved. This is crazy!”
The two began living together back in early February, when the roommate – who runs a landscape and remodeling business – struck a deal with Green.
“I needed a place to stay,” the roommate explained, “and he wanted his kitchen modernized, the backsplash and the floor and everything and the cabinets painted. So in exchange for me doing that, I would have the basement to myself.”
The roommate described Green as “nice” and “quiet.” It's an opinion that has shifted since the allegations surfaced.
“I think he`s a sick man,” the roommate said. “He`s not the person I thought he was.”
Prosecutors said the alleged crimes happened in Green's Blue Springs home and believe there are at least two victims whom Green met online.
The first victim is a 27-year-old man who said he was just 16 when he had a sexual relationship with Green. He recently contacted police to report the crimes more than a decade later.
The other victim, a former student of Green's, had contact with Green as recently as last week, according to court documents.
“I can only imagine their hurt and rage that they would be going through during that,” Green's roommate said.
The man was home Friday, when a SWAT team busted in their door to search the house for evidence.
“It was pretty scary,” he said. “Nobody told me what was going on within the first 20 minutes, so I was just getting handcuffed and got all these different detectives with different levels of everything. I mean, it's just scary.”
Investigators believe Green is a danger to the community, because in addition to admitting to having sex with two underage boys, Green said he videotaped boys in locker room settings.
So while Green sits in jail, his roommate has packed his things and plans to move out of town.
The FBI has now launched a hotline, asking for other potential victims to come forward and call (816) 805-5138.
A 6-year-old girl in Pennsylvania told investigators she witnessed her mom die at the hands of a boyfriend, according to police.
Devanna Cornitcher, 25, was found stabbed to death Friday night at a Chester apartment.
The Philadelphia Inquirer reported that her boyfriend, Alonzo Carter, also 25, was covered in blood nearby.
“He killed my mommy,” Cornitcher's daughter told authorities at the scene.
Police said Carter was smoking a cigarette near Cornitcher's body when they entered the residence. A bloody kitchen knife reportedly remained on the floor.
Authorities arrested Carter on suspicion of murder, possession of an instrument of crime and reckless endangerment.
He allegedly confessed to stabbing the mom of two in self-defense.
“I did it 'cause she tried to stab me,” he told police, according to the newspaper
The couple reportedly shared a 3-year-old son who was crying at the scene, news station KYW-TV reported.
Both the boy and his 6-year-old sister were present when their mother was murdered, authorities said.
Carter is being held at George Hill correctional facility and was denied bail.
GOP to hold Christmas Party on Dec. 14
Last Updated: December 8, 2017 at 12:22 am
The Clarendon County Republican Party will hold its annual Christmas Party at 7 p.m. Dec. 14 at Cornerstone Fellowship Free Will Baptist Church, 2116 Greeleyville Highway in Manning, with doors opening at 6 p.m. Dinner, prepared by ladies of the church, will be provided at 6:30 p.m. Donations are welcome. Mary Alice Hoyt will be the special guest for the evening, providing musical selections on her harp. There will also be door prizes.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua — Influential business leaders in Nicaragua are calling for early elections to resolve a political standoff between President Daniel Ortega's government and protesters demanding his exit from office.
Carlos Pellas Chamorro is the country's most prominent businessman. He said Wednesday that the Ortega government's political model is “worn out” and the solution is moving up the next election, due to take place in 2021.
Conglomerate Grupo Lafise Bancocentro also issued a statement calling for the will of the people to be heard through “the advancement of elections.”
Protests that began in April over now-scrapped social security changes have since expanded into a broader movement seeking Ortega's exit.
Human rights observers say more than 80 people have been killed amid a harsh crackdown by government security forces and allied civilian groups.
The Drexel University women's basketball team had an outstanding last weekend to the month of January as they defeated two conference teams, Elon University Jan. 26 and Northeastern University Jan. 28. These two wins lengthen their victory streak to six games in a row. They are now 16-5 on the season and 8-1 in Colonial Athletic Association play.
This was the first time the Dragons were seeing Elon this season. A three-pointer from freshman Hannah Nihill put the Dragons on the board first until a 10-0 scoring run from Elon put them behind. A foul from Elon's Ra'Shika White sent sophomore Bailey Greenberg to the free throw line. She made both of them putting the Dragons within five points.
Senior Kelsi Lidge grabbed her first three-pointer of the night with 3:29 left in the first quarter. Another foul from Elon sent sophomore Aubree Brown to the free throw line, tying the game.
The first quarter ended with the Dragons leading by one point, 15-14. Towards the end of the second quarter, Elon was up by six points, 23-17, but the Dragons battled back to tie the game at 25-25 going into halftime.
In the third quarter, the game started to become more intense. The teams tied at three different points in the quarter with the largest lead never surpassing six points. In the final two seconds of the third, Lidge put up a good shot to leave the Dragons only trailing by two, 42-40.
The action quickly heated up in the final quarter as Elon scored eight points within the first two minutes of play. They led 50-40 with 8:12 to go. A timeout from head coach Denise Dillon got the team back on track.
By 4:06, the Dragons were back to within two points, and 47 seconds later Nihill made a three-pointer. Elon never gained the lead back from the Dragons. A foul on Elon's Anna Popovic in the last eight seconds of play sent Lidge to the line for two. She secured the win 58-56.
Although this was one of the Dragons' lower scoring percentage nights, they scored almost half of their points on turnovers from Elon. Lidge finished with 17 points and eight rebounds. Greenberg put up 11 points with two assists and senior Sara Woods grabbed 11 points and nine rebounds.
After claiming victory from Elon, the Dragons looked ahead to their next game during Homecoming weekend against rival Northeastern.
With hopes of clinching a spot in the CAA championship game, the Dragons looked to take another win from Northeastern.
The first quarter was close as the teams were tied with 52 seconds left before Brown sent a message with a good three-pointer in the final eight seconds. The Dragons led 15-12 heading into the second.
The Dragons continued their scoring run and led 27-14 with 5:07 to play. Northeastern fought back to within six points by the end of the first half, but the Dragons were defining the game.
A dominant third quarter for the Dragons allowed them to maintain a lead over Northeastern 40-35 heading into the final quarter.
With 5:13 left in the game, Northeastern had fought back to tie the game 48-48.
A quick timeout allowed the Dragons to regroup and send Northeastern home. Lidge sealed the deal once again at the free throw line with the final score 58-50.
The Dragons had only eight turnovers to Northeastern's 13, and made over half their points in the paint. Lidge and senior Megan Marecic both finished with 11 points and five rebounds. Woods followed right behind with 10 points, and Nihill had six points and three assists.
The women's basketball team is halfway through conference play and will be traveling for the next three games after the game Feb. 2 against Towson University. They will play the College of Charleston for the first time this season in South Carolina Feb. 4. Charleston has only won one game in conference play so far losing their last eight games in a row. The game begins at 1 p.m.
GRANT COUNTY, Ind. (WISH) – Grant County officials are searching for a man who failed to register as a sex offender.
50-year-old Ronald Law is wanted on two warrants for failure of a sex offender to possess a valid license or ID and failure to register as a sex offender.
Law is 5 feet 11 inches tall and weighs approximately 218 pounds. He has blonde hair and blue eyes.
Information on Law's whereabouts can be given anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 765-662-8477.
Crime Stoppers pays up to a $1,000 cash reward for information that results in the arrest or indictment of people who commit felony crimes.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Oklahoma freshman guard Trae Young is the frontrunner for the player of the year for his jaw-dropping shooting prowess and being seemingly unguardable, regularly taking shots several steps behind the 3-point line.
He's averaging 30.3 points and 9.5 assists per game going into the Sooners' matchup Saturday on the road against Texas, and, despite some occasional mistakes — he is still learning, after all — he looks unstoppable in most games.
Young clearly has a bright future, but he's always looking to get better. One of the things he does — according to a training session filmed by Ballislife.com — is practice taking shots off bad passes because those are obviously going to come from time to time.
Trae Young makes tough shots, because he practices shooting from Bad Passes! #ballislife pic.twitter.com/u4OIKYlkQP — Brad Ballislife (@BradBallisLife) February 2, 2018
More via USA TODAY Sports:
“I love three-pointers,” says Trae Young, Oklahoma's precocious shooting star — but let's go a little, uh, deeper. “I thought the further I shot made it cooler, or made it more fun,” he says, referring to when he was first learning the game. “So I always tried to shoot it (from) as far back as I could.”
He is frequently compared with Steph Curry, and the Golden State Warrior and LeBron James have both offered their praise of the freshman phenom.
The full Ballislife.com video is about 19 minutes long and highlights Young's incredible ball-handling and what drills he repeatedly does to improve his skills. It's mesmerizing, even for non-game footage.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Organizers of Open Streets Macon have canceled the 3rd annual event for a second time.
This is the event that will shut down parts of Downtown Macon and turn it into a park.
- Advertisement -
The event was rescheduled for this Sunday June 3rd after rain caused organizers to cancel the event that was initially set for April.
Open Streets Macon will now take place Sunday, October 7th.
MLK Boulevard from Riverside to Hazel Street and Cherry Street from 5th Street to Spring Street will be blocked off.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Europe's benchmark Stoxx 600 Index will surpass its January peak before the end of the year, according to equity strategists in the region. A Bloomberg survey shows the average forecast for the gauge at end-2018 is 413, roughly 9 percent higher than Friday's closing level. European equities have thus far struggled to recover the ground they lost in the February sell-off amid weakening economic growth momentum.
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and her daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
Steinhoff International Holdings NV is considering the sale of part of a 58 billion rand ($4.8 billion) stake in its separately listed African operations as the crisis-hit retailer looks to shore up liquidity, according to two people familiar with the matter.
A disposal would follow the South African company's sell-down of shareholdings in PSG Group Ltd. and KAP Industrial Ltd., which have raised more than $1.2 billion since an accounting scandal wiped 90 percent off Steinhoff's share price. The owner of Conforama in France and Mattress Firm in the U.S. is in talks with lenders about how to stay in business, and has sought to raise funds from non-core operations.
The sale of shares in Steinhoff Africa Retail Ltd. would come via an accelerated bookbuild, said the people, who asked not to be identified as the discussions are still private. The move is yet to be approved by South Africa's financial regulator and may yet be abandoned, they said. The 77 percent stake is too large to be sold in one go and the company will initially look to offload a small portion, according to the people.
Steinhoff has announced plans to refinance or redeem debt financing within the South African operations and is considering its options of how to pursue that strategy, a spokeswoman said in an emailed response to questions. STAR, as the African retailer is known, has agreed to gradually repay about 16 billion rand of debt owed to its parent and Chief Financial Officer Riaan Hanekom told shareholders last week that the process is far advanced.
Read More: What's in a Name? Steinhoff Africa Turns Back on Parent
Steinhoff spun off STAR into a separate listed company in September. STAR's shares plunged alongside its parent when Steinhoff first reported the accounting irregularities in early December, though have since clawed back about half the initial 30 percent fall as investors acknowledge that the company's own accounts have been audited and aren't the focus of an ongoing probe by auditors at PwC.
STAR shares traded 2.9 percent lower at 21.90 rand at the close in Johannesburg on Monday, valuing the company at 76 billion rand. Steinhoff fell 4.1 percent by 5:17 p.m. in Frankfurt, where it moved its primary listing from the South African city in 2015.
— With assistance by Janice Kew
With its pages teeming with vibrant color, Richard Evans' new book on the Mission District illuminates the heart, soul, and diversity of one of San Francisco's essential neighborhoods.
Yet “The Mission” (Heyday, $30, 176 pages) is more than an attractive coffee table book. In 178 full color photos, Evans captures the Mission as a cultural hub, with the murals, mercados, restaurants, music and public events such as Carnivale brilliantly portrayed.
Especially the murals. There's a deeper documentary sense in the book's striking photo essays, with the Mission's politics and protest, spirit of resistance and solidarity with oppressed peoples worldwide eloquently expressed in its public works of art.
In a recent conversation about the book, Evans, a San Francisco resident, said the book came together at a time of enormous change in the city.
Evans, who lives in Cow Hollow with his wife, painter Gretchen Evans, is the author of a previous book, 2011's “San Francisco and the Bay Area: The Haight-Ashbury Edition,” which included his photographs of murals on the city's legendary Haight Street. He'd been considering another book of San Francisco photo essays for some time.
“People kept asking me if I was going to do another neighborhood,” he said, “and a number of people mentioned the Mission.”
The suggestion “grew in resonance and significance,” Evans said. “The Mission is such a microcosm of all the pressures that we're seeing in the Bay Area – the clash between cultural heritage and gentrification, housing prices and now the immigration issues, but particularly around housing and the squeezing out of the local culture.”
Indeed, the Mission seems to be ground zero for change in San Francisco these days, and Evans is concerned that much of its cultural richness – in particular, the artistic traditions that have produced some of San Francisco's great murals – may be lost along the way.
Surprisingly, Evans, a native of Oregon, has spent much of his life away from the city. An engineer who worked in the global metals industry, he started his career with Kaiser Aluminum. That job, and later positions with Alcan, took him to Africa, West Virginia, Canada and Europe.
Throughout his travels, he developed a passion for documentary photography, recording images of the cities, towns and rural areas where he was stationed.
After retiring, Evans and his wife moved to the Bay Area in 2009. He started taking pictures of San Francisco, including the Haight-Ashbury photos that were published as part of the 2011 book.
For “The Mission,” he started touring the neighborhood, meeting people in stores, restaurants and art collectives. One key connection was with Precita Eyes, the venerable Mission-based muralists' association. Susan Cervantes, Precita Eyes' founder and executive director, contributed an essay to “The Mission,” and Evans said that proceeds from the book will support the organization's work in schools and throughout the community.
Evans organized “The Mission” in sections. “It started with 15 or 20 subjects, including Mexico, Central America, indigenous Americans, Mission Dolores, black power, gay rights, virgins and goddesses and gentrification” said Evans. “”As we got into it, we realized that many of these overlapped – and we realized that the murals were the expression of all of these social and cultural issues.”
The book begins with a foreword by U.S. Poet Laureate Juan Felipe Herrera and an introduction by artist Carla Wojczuk and includes images of the Mission's architecture and eateries alongside portraits of the people who live and work in the district and run the neighborhood businesses.
Yet the murals are central to the book. In one powerful photograph, Ohlone descendant Vincent Medina stands in front of a re-creation of “Mission Dolores Mural.” The original work, placed behind the altar in Mission Dolores more than 200 years ago, perished when fire razed part of the historic landmark.
Evans says that new murals are being created all the time. “They're growing, they're multiplying,” he says. “It's a respected part of the culture.”
Yet he worries about the future of the Mission.
“The concentration of art and culture – and the strength of that – is unique in San Francisco,” he said. “The only other neighborhood that has maintained such a strong cultural identification is Chinatown.
“What makes the Mission particularly interesting and unique is its mural scene. It's got a strong international flavor to it, and that's running head-on with the housing crisis, the proximity to the freeway, buses transporting techies to Silicon Valley. It's become a very popular place, and one reason people live there is they love the culture. The question is, will gentrification hollow that out?”
Contact Georgia Rowe at growe@pacbell.net.
AUTHOR APPEARANCE
Richard Evans will discuss “The Mission” May 17 at 6 p.m. at the California Historical Society, 678 Mission St., San Francisco; and June 21 at 6 p.m. at the South San Francisco Public Library, 840 West Orange St., South San Francisco. More information at http://www.heydaybooks.com/book/the-Mission.
Host Jonathan Ferro spoke with Richard Jones, FX and Rates Strategist for Bloomberg, and Alastair McCaig, Director of Investment Management at Fern Wealth, about 10-year Treasury yields, German business confidence, and French President Emmanuel Macron's visit to the White House. Jonathan also spoke with Vincent Cignarella, Bloomberg's Macro Squawk Analyst in NY, and Gina Martin Adams, Chief Equity Strategist for Bloomberg, about Caterpillar and WeWork.
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar -- Bloomberg Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 35:18
The next front in China's crackdown on debt is the one closest to home.
On the back of a boom in property prices, household borrowing has been climbing for ten years straight, at a pace that rivals any such run-up in major economies. At $6.7 trillion, and a record 50 percent of gross domestic product, China's private debt is now approaching developed-world levels and crimping the power of the consumer to spend.
Source: 731
Take Huang Panpan, a 33-year-old public-relations executive from Beijing. Last year, he took the plunge on a 2.9-million-yuan ($460,000) mortgage on a 385-square-foot home and now faces monthly loan payments of about half of his take-home salary.
Since then, he's been in austerity mode: cutting travel, selling stocks, putting off a car purchase as well as a plan to start his own business. "I was someone who never paid much attention to the price tags when buying things or booking trips," Huang said. "I feel more pressured financially with all that debt."
China's Soaring Debt Run-up in household indebtedness rivals anything in G-7 Source: Bank of International Settlements, shows total credit to households (core debt)
Until now, the purge driven by President Xi Jinping that's focused on excesses in the shadow-banking sector and the credit-fueled acquisitions of corporate giants has had minimal impact on China's unerringly stable expansion. The challenge for officials now is to tame rapid domestic credit growth at a time when trade tensions are already causing worries for the economic outlook.
Much of households' surging debt level is linked to China's housing bubble, which has seen new home prices in Beijing and Shanghai jump more than 25 percent over the last two years. Mortgages stood at 22.9 trillion yuan at the end of 2017, making up more than half of all household loans held by lenders, according to data from the People's Bank of China.
More Stretched
The second largest component of the debt pile is so-called operating loans, which accounted for 22 percent of the entire hoard and are used to finance small businesses and sole traders, according to a calculation based on official data by Fitch Ratings analysts Jack Yuan and Andrew Fennell. Consumption lending, such as credit card and auto loans, takes roughly 19 percent of the total household debt, they wrote in a note in March.
Growing mortgage repayments could therefore reduce households' incentives to buy other goods, pressuring the nation's consumption growth, according to George Wu, chief economist at Huarong Securities Co. That's a headwind for an increasingly important part of China's growth outlook.
"This could undermine the authorities' efforts to re-balance the economy towards consumption," Yuan and Fennell at Fitch wrote. The nation's household debt-to-disposable income ratio could near 100 percent by 2020, versus the current 82 percent and closing the gap with the U.S.'s 105 percent and Japan's 99 percent, they said. "China's household balance sheets now appear more stretched than those of most emerging markets."
Leverage Breakdown Residential mortgages take up more than half of China's household debt pile Fitch Ratings, People's Bank of China
To be sure, the traditionally high average rate of household saving in China -- which far outstrips most developed markets -- ought to provide a buffer against debt distress. But habits change, and younger consumers may be more likely to use surplus income to service debt than put aside.
That's especially risky in China, as the country's social welfare and medical care aren't as sound as those in developed nations, where residents may take on more debt more because their governments offer better social benefits, Jiang Chao, an analyst at Haitong Securities Co. said earlier this year. The rise in the household leverage is "very irrational," he said.
Read More: Total Debt to GDP Ratio Seen Stabilizing in 2018
"The policymakers can't let household leverage rise this fast, as this doesn't fit the goal of controlling overall debt growth and offsets the efforts of the deleveraging campaign," said Robin Xing, chief China economist at Morgan Stanley Asia Ltd. in Hong Kong. "That's why we think the central bank will boost broad interest rates -- it needs to contain financial risks" that are being created by surging individual and corporate leverage.
China's economy has proven unexpectedly resilient in face of Xi's war against debt, with GDP expanding at 6.8 percent in the first quarter. That said, top government officials led by Xi himself sounded an unexpected warning note this week, signaling the difficulty of hitting growth targets if trade tensions escalate.
Attention Needed
For MK Tang, Hong Kong-based senior China economist at Goldman Sachs Group Inc, getting the balance right in approaching the issue will be tricky. The government neither wants the debt pile to destabilize the financial system, nor wants tighter rules to create too big a shock to the markets or hurt the economy, he said.
Also, at least up until now, the accumulation of household debt helped boost growth through its support of the housing market, according to Haitong's Jiang. And some consumers may have increased purchases of consumer products thanks to their mortgage debt, as they don't need to save all their income to buy a house with cash, Tang says. All these complicate the decision-making on the crackdown of the debt pile.
So far, the authorities have done little to directly address consumer indebtedness, aside from warnings from officials like former central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan. In one of the few actions to directly address the issue, the banking regulator said late last year that it halted issuing licenses to micro-lenders that offer unsecured loans over the internet.
Slower Growth
The situation leaves borrowers exposed to the chances of a broader increase in interest rates if faster inflation materializes. That will only make Beijing resident Huang's life harder.
"I need to reduce consumption more, if an interest-rate hike leads to a significant increase in the mortgage that I have to repay," said Huang. "Goodbye to membership cards at restaurants and my investments in small businesses. I won't buy things that aren't absolutely necessary."
— With assistance by Tian Chen, James Mayger, Heng Xie, Ling Zeng, and Emma Dong
By Rick Salem
Belleville, Kansas – July 3, 2018 – In the final tune-up for the upcoming 305 Nationals, J.D. Johnson of Wichita, Kansas took the lead at the start and never looked back as he won the special Tuesday night edition of the United Rebel Sprint Series event atop the Belleville High Banks in Belleville, Kansas.
Defending series champion Zach Blurton and Johnson started on the front row for the twenty-lap feature with Blurton jumping out into the lead entering turns one and two. Johnson got a strong run entering turns three and four and took the lead on lap one.
Blurton, Stu Snyder, Jason Martin and Toby Chapman were the top five after lap one with Johnson starting to pull away from the field when the features only caution fell on lap five when the steering broke on Edmond, Oklahoma's Ty Williams #911 sprinter, sending him into the fence. Williams was uninjured and done for the night.
On the restart it was still Johnson up front while Blurton, Snyder, Martin and Chapman the top five as Johnson continued his torrid pace out front. The leader encountered slower traffic at the races midway point but that didn't detour Johnson from claiming his third-career URSS victory and second with the series atop the famed Belleville half-mile.
Zach Blurton would come home second with Snyder finishing third. Martin would settle for fourth while eighth-starting Jake Martens rounded out the top five.
Joey Danley earned the nights Keizer Aluminum Wheels hard-charger of the feature as he moved up six positions to an eighth-place finish.
The three heat races for the twenty-two-car field were won by Williams, Snyder and Blurton.
The “Rebels” will now gear up for a pair of events this weekend, beginning Saturday night, as they will head to the state of Nebraska. It all begins at Lincoln County Raceway in North Platte for the 3rd Annual “Ron Williams/Dick (Snoose) Myers Memorial” that will pay $1500 to win. Then on Sunday night the series will head one hour down I-80 to the Dawson County Raceway in Lexington, Nebraska where $700 awaits that night's feature finale winner.
Keep up-to-date on all-things United Rebel Sprint Serie by accessing their official website www.unitedrebelsprintseries.com and you can also find them on facebook: United Rebel Sprint Series (URSS).
United Rebel Sprint Series
Belleville High Banks/Belleville, Kansas
July 3, 2018
22 Cars
A Feature (20 Laps): 1) 98 J.D. Johnson, 2) 2j Zach Blurton, 3) 23s Stu Snyder, 4) 5x Jason Martin, 5) 48 Jake Martens, 6) 7Toby Chapman, 7) 12t Tyler Drueke, 8) 21 Ryan Kitchen, 9) 14 Joey Danley, 10) 54 Trey Gropp, 11) 9 John Webster, 12) 4x Jason Danelyna, 13) 28 Tracey Hill, 14) 7x Shawn Sundquist, 15) 10 Jordan Knight, 16) 45 Lonnie Cox, 17) 11k Tyler Knight, 18) Chad Salem 17s, 19) 33k Aaron Ploussard, 20) 43 Skyler Hughes, 21) 911 Ty Williams, 22) 44 Kyle Johnson
HONOLULU (AP) — His last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with about two-dozen work days left. His final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before his loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last meeting with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
After beating Elon University Jan. 25, the Drexel University men's basketball team did it again as they beat Northeastern University in a thriller 68-67.
After having a career high 40 points against Elon, junior Tramaine Isabell was the hero again against Northeastern going for 21 points and hitting the game winning free throw with one second left.
The Dragons managed to get the victory despite being down by six points with 2:20 left to go. Northeastern was never able to score again after that. Drexel's defense was anchored by senior Austin Williams, who had an impressive six blocks to go along with 13 points and 11 rebounds. This was Williams' sixth double-double of the year.
Drexel's comeback late in the game was fueled by their dominance on the boards with 40 seconds to go as they rebounded Northeastern 7-1. The largest lead Drexel had in the game was three points, and they trailed for the majority of the game.
In fact, Isabell's go ahead free throw with two seconds left was the Dragons' only lead the entire second half. Coming in to the game Northeastern was 7-2 in the Colonial Athletic Association and Drexel was 2-7. This victory was probably the biggest win for head coach Zach Spiker and his squad so far this year.
Despite the impressive victory, Drexel struggled in a few areas. Northeastern's bench outscored the Dragons 26-8. Part of the reason why is because the only player of the Drexel bench who played more than 10 minutes was junior Troy Harper.
While the Dragons have won two in a row, this is only their third win in the last 11 games. In the second half the Dragons managed to only hit 58 percent of their free throws.
While the Dragons did miss some free throws in the second half, they were able to make them when it mattered most.
They played James Madison University Feb. 1 and won 76-74.
Coming up next, the men's basketball team will travel to the College of William & Mary Feb. 3 and then return home to host Towson University Feb. 8. This will be the second time Drexel has faced these teams this year. However, with their now three-game win streak including big wins over Northeastern and James Madison, there are reasons for hope in these upcoming games.
Ireland's Johnny Sexton scores a dramatic overtime drop-goal from a huge distance to snatch a 15-13 victory against France in the 2018 Six Nations.
MATCH REPORT: Six Nations - France 13-15 Ireland
WATCH MORE: Highlights: Wales 34-7 Scotland
THE BODY THAT represents Ireland's cooperative housing sector is looking to buy up privately owned sites across the country to use for new social housing developments.
Co-operative Housing Ireland has published a tender requesting expressions of interest from landowners and developers with projects-in-development, finished units or vacant land that could be used to build homes for member-tenants.
The organisation, which was founded 45 years ago, wants to buy up land earmarked by local authorities for families that can't afford to house themselves.
Speaking to Fora, Co-operative Housing Ireland chief executive Kieron Brennan said the body hopes to provide social rental accommodation on sites in south Dublin and the border, midlands and west counties, but it is actively searching for vacant land in all parts of the country.
The organisation provides housing through different forms of the cooperative housing model including social rented housing, where homes are rented to co-op members recruited from local authority waiting lists.
Projects are funded through a range of different sources. For social rented housing, up to 30% of funding comes through the State's ‘Capital Advance Leasing Facility'. The remaining 70% is sourced from the Housing Finance Agency, banks and private investors.
Brennan said a lack of access to land is “limiting” the group from delivering co-operative social housing units, which is why it has sought expressions of interest from private landowners.
“It's a great shame that we have the capacity to deliver a lot more housing units than we actually can deliver because of a lack of access to land and sites,” he said.
Brennan said there are a number of sites under the ownership of the State that could potentially be used to deliver social housing. However, this land has not yet been made available to approved housing bodies like the co-operative housing group.
“We don't have our own land bank. The State has a substantial land bank. It would seem logical and desirable that the State would match those two things up; its own ownership of land and its responsibility to house those that cannot house themselves,” he said.
“We are a charitable body. We exist to do that. We do it fairly efficiently and we can do a lot more of it.”
‘Participation'
Originally named the National Association of Building Co-ops, or Nabco, Co-operative Housing Ireland has helped provide roughly 5,500 homes since it was set up in 1973.
Those homes have been made available through a mixture of home-ownership, shared ownership and social rented cooperatives.
Since the 1990s, Co-Operative Housing Ireland has mainly focused on providing social rental accommodation using the co-op model.
As previously explained by Fora, cooperative living is designed to promote a sense of community among members, who are expected to adhere to rules set out by the collective and participate in management.
Brennan said the main attraction of cooperative housing is that tenants have the option of participating in governance.
“In our case, you become a member-tenant … you would become a member of the local co-op. That co-op would have membership of our organisation. You have the opportunity of participating in the management of your own housing body,” he said.
Sign up to our newsletter to receive a regular digest of Fora's top articles delivered to your inbox.
Written by Conor McMahon and posted on Fora.ie
See Billy Graham's visit to South Carolina, including USC football stadium and Ft. Jackson
1:46
My intent here isn't to throw dirt on Burgum. He's had a fantastically successful career in the private sector, and his rise to the highest office in state government last year was remarkable. But in terms of governing he hasn't, you know, done anything.
Yet. Regardless, the Forum‘s premature honors aren't his fault.
You can read the rest of this story by clicking here.
A man was treated for minor injuries at the scene of a one vehicle collision on the Kingsway this afternoon.
A Police Scotland spokesman said that they received reports that a van had collided with a lamppost on the Kingsway close to the BP station just west of the Swallow roundabout at around 3.25pm.
“The van had collided with a lamp post in the central reservation
“Ambulance and the fire brigade were called to attend.
“No one else was injured and it doesn't seem that the male occupant of the van was serously injured.
“He was taken in to the back of an ambulance for treatment.”
The police spokesman said that tailbacks had been caused as a result of the accident but the road did not require to be closed.
A spokeswoman for Scottish Fire and Rescue said they were alerted to the incident by the ambulance service.
“One male had got himself out of the vehicle prior to the fire brigade getting there.
“The fire crew made the area safe.”
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 14 August 2017
Heavy rains in Freetown have led to landslide in the vicinity of Guma in Regent and Mortema.
Over 200 unidentified corpses are reported to have been taken to the Connaught hospital mortuary. 60 of the 200 dead are said to be children
Over 100 people are believed to have been confirmed dead at Regent landslide.
There is unconfirmed heavy death toll in the Mortema area around the SS camp – Regent – more than 50 people are believed dead.
Several houses are covered in deep mud with people stranded inside.
Emergency services are trying hard to rescue people trapped in their homes, but with great difficulty.
Also a road linking Regent village and Jui has been cut in two, with vehicle traffic now severely restricted.
Other areas of Freetown seriously affected are: Kissy Brook and Dworzak Farm communities.
SOS Alert: There has been a landslide at Regent – near the GUMA reservoir area.
According to eyewitness reports, it may seem as if a section of the hill has collapsed and several houses affected.
Be exceptionally careful when driving to work this morning.
It's raining heavily and visibility is very poor, especially for those living up the hills.
“This is absolutely terrible. Oh my God! Please let us pray that none of our brothers, sisters and children will lose their lives in this very sad incident. Property can be replaced even though painful, as memory is lost. But life cannot be replaced. Lord have mercy on our people,” one pungent comment on social media.
The Sierra Leone Telegraph will update you on this very serious and fast developing emergency in Freetown as we get it.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
JACKSON CENTER – The Mississinawa Valley baseball team won 11-4 in eight innings at Jackson Center on Friday.
Jackson Center took a 4-0 lead with two runs in the first inning and two in the third. Mississinawa scored three runs in the sixth and one in the seventh to tie the game then scored seven runs in the eighth inning to win 11-4.
MV had nine hits and five errors while Jackson Center had eight hits and six errors.
Andrew Johns went 4-for-5 with a double, two runs and two RBIs for Mississinawa Valley. Ethan Dirksen was 1-for-4 with a run and two RBI. Kyler Guillozet was 1-for-3 with a RBI and two runs.
Trent Collins went 1-for-2, was hit by a pitch and scored two runs. Zac Longfellow went 1-for-5 with a RBI and a run. Cameron Shimp was 1-for-4 with a stolen base and two runs. Cody Dirksen drove in a run and scored a run. Colton Hines drove in a run.
Ethan Dirksen earned the win by pitching two innings, allowing two unearned runs, three hits, no walks and striking out one. Guillozet pitched two innings, allowing one earned run and one unearned run on four hits, no walks and one strikeout.
Shimp pitched two scoreless innings, allowing one hit, no walks and striking out one. Johns also pitched two scoreless innings, allowing no hits or walks while striking out three.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- There's no doubt, here in Kansas City, Kate Spade had a big impact on aspiring stylists.
Several local fashion influencers gathered Thursday night at Legends Outlets night for Passport to Style. Annie Austen of the Austen Adventures said Kate Spade was one of the biggest influencers of her style and career.
"Being from Kansas City and going and pursuing your dreams and having such a happy bright brand was really inspiring to me," Austen said.
"I think for anybody in any industry, when you know somebody comes from your hometown, you kind of have a soft spot in your heart for them. They influence you a lot. She had cheery designs bright pops of color her shapes and the structure of her products were totally timeless. You could have bought a Kate Spade 15 years ago, and you could still carry it today," stylist Sarah Hagler said.
Spade, 55, was found dead in her New York apartment this week after it appears she took her own life.
Now as fashion influencers from her hometown help others create their own personal styles in her image, they hope Spade's influence can reach far beyond fashion.
"Being honest and open about issues like mental health, just opening up that conversation, still being lively and happy and living through the influence of others is definitely an important way to honor someone`s life," Austen said.
"I hope if it does anything, it brings us closer together to say are you doing OK. Maybe it inspires one person to say, 'Cute purse, how's your heart?'" Hagler said.
Spade and her husband sold their stake in the company that still bears her name years ago, but signs placed outside stores worldwide continue to honor her role as a visionary. A Kate Spade New York store opened at Legends in March.
After years of being relegated to handheld consoles, the Monster Hunter experience is finally coming to big-screen platforms. At long last, western players will be able to hunt giant monsters with friends, and use their corpses to craft weapons and armor to hunt even bigger monsters on the platforms they prefer.
No, we aren't talking about Monster Hunter World, Capcom's upcoming home console adaptation coming in January, 2018. We're talking about Dauntless, a free-to-play action RPG from indie studio Phoenix Labs, which takes the Monster Hunter formula — hunt, craft, repeat — and adapts it for a wider audience.
Monster Hunter, which is extremely popular in Japan and has a smaller, devoted following in the U.S., is known for, among other things, time consuming missions and obtuse crafting mechanics. Dauntless takes the basic gameplay loop and strips out a lot of the complexity with shorter gameplay sessions and radically simplified crafting that won't have you poring over wiki articles. The founding core of former League of Legends developer Riot Games staffers at Phoenix Labs means they have ample experience at crafting the sort of systemically-rich, but widely-accessible gameplay that Dauntless needs in order to pull this off.
“It's about getting together with your friends, slaying these badass, larger-than-life monsters, crafting tons of gear along the way, and having a lot of fun and looking really cool while you do it,” said Phoneix Labs Marketing Manager Nick Clifford.
In closed beta since September, 2017, Dauntless is shaping up to be a viable alternative for players who see how much fun Monster Hunter fans are having, but, for whatever reason, aren't willing to take the plunge themselves.
Kill the beast!
Dauntless takes place on the Shattered Isles — a fantasy realm spread across a drifting archipelago of floating islands. Giant monsters known as “Behemoths” have always been part of the world, but recent expansions of the frontier have provoked a deadly backlash, bringing horrendous monsters down onto vulnerable settlements. You are a Slayer, whose order has hunted behemoths for generations and is needed now more than ever. The game features a narrative campaign that unlocks progressively more difficult areas and behemoth hunts, but gameplay is more focused on short sessions than overall progress.
We liked Monster Hunter — we felt like there was a good game in there, but it's surrounded by a lot of cruft, a lot of unknowable design.
Our journey began in the city of Ramsgate, which serves as an MMO-style social hub where you can meet up with friends, craft gear, change your appearance, or take on new hunts. Ramsgate feels more like an old-school MMO public space than something you'd find in, say, Destiny 2: It's populated with up to 60 real players (starting with your friends, followed by your guild, and then filling in the rest with people geographically close to you). Players will also be able to connect with friends or through standard matchmaking, so you're never limited in with whom you can play.
The hunt itself took place on one of the floating islands, traveled to in a loading screen via airship. On landing, our three-person party set out to find our first behemoth. After several minutes of running around, one of our party found our quarry, “a larger, lumbering pile of rocks” called a Skarn. As promised, Skarn was a huge, quadruped dinosaur encased in thick, stone scales of armor that made it hard to do any real damage.
Fortunately, two of our party wielded heavy mauls, which temporarily knocked the armor off and left an opening for us to run in and hack with our sword. Combat was tense and tactical. Our squadmates, Clifford and Phoenix Labs Community Manager Ian Tornay, both made several allusions to the influence of Dark Souls and Bloodborne on the combat, and it shows in the measured rhythm of mixing light and heavy attacks, while reading your opponents' animations to anticipate their strikes. The combat also relies heavily on dodge rolls to take advantage of those crucial invincibility frames, moments during an animation when you can't get hurt, to avoid death while maintaining position.
There are currently five weapon classes in the game, all of which feel and play quite differently. The war pike, for example, deals melee damage builds up energy that you can bank in the pike, before stepping back to unleash in a devastating ranged attack. It's the closest thing Dauntless has to a ranged weapon — no matter the tactics, you always need to find a way to get in close and land melee hits, making every attack tense and risky.
“it needs to feel really good — really crunchy — when you hit a behemoth.”
“Combat fidelity is super important to us,” elaborated Clifford. “When you swing a sword or an axe, it needs to feel really good — really crunchy — when you hit a behemoth.”
Damage numbers pop up to give some feedback of how effective your blows are, but, as in the Monster Hunter games, behemoths don't display an overall health gauge. Instead, you need to read their movements to determine how much damage you've done.
Up to four players can hunt simultaneously, with the behemoth's challenge scaling to match. The Skarn was a relatively simple prey, asking more endurance than strategy, but even that relatively simple fight required a good amount of communication among our team to take down. Our second hunt with the late game behemoth Caravac showed just how hairy things could get. The Caravac is a giant insect that can: fly, spawn damaging swarms of smaller insects, cloak itself, and throw out fast, deadly ranged attacks. It wiped our party entirely after a heroic battle. (Clifford reassured us that was par for the course — he'd only beaten it once before in all their testing).
The behemoths are designed to push your limits of timing and coordination, demanding more and more teamwork as you pursue deadlier prey. A late-game monster like the Caravac should normally take three or four attempts to master as you learn its patterns and develop counter-strategies. Again, invoking Dark Souls, framing losing and learning as fun is crucial for the proper Dauntless mindset, which is designed around “highly-replayable, session-based” hunts that should only take 15-20 minutes in total.
Swag
We didn't get to delve into the second half of the game — crafting and customization — nearly as much as we did the hunt itself, but it's clear there's a lot present already. The spoils from each behemoth can produce a complete armor set and one weapon, all of which have unique effects. Players can mix and match (and color customize) their armor piecemeal or wear whole sets, which convey additional bonuses.
It's about getting together with your friends and slaying these badass, larger-than-life monsters.
This latest patch also introduced a system called “cells”, which add customization sockets in all items. You fill these sockets with the eponymous cells, adding everything from simple buffs, such as resistance to a type of damage, to specific perks, like dealing more damage immediately after a dodge roll. Dauntless has no classes and minimal character progression (there is a story, but it predominantly exists to unlock new hunts), so gear is the primary means of progression and expression. Cells give players more options to “soft spec” into conventional RPG roles, such as support, tank, or damage-dealer, which might complement their party.
Dauntless Compared To
Obtuse crafting with elaborate recipes that require obscure components from multiple monsters has always been one of the more intimidating elements of Monster Hunter for outsiders. Dauntless addresses this by reducing complexity—the crafting system exists to enable customization of your slayer's look and play style, but it's supplementary to the main activity of hunting, as opposed to being an almost equally elaborate metagame that sits alongside the actual hunts.
Hunter of Monsters
Dauntless' similarity to the popular Monster Hunter series of action-RPGs from Japan is no coincidence. A big part of the Dauntless team's initial impulse from the project came from wanting to strip away all the fat and hone that core experience of co-operative battles against big beasts, creating “a more western-friendly, more accessible action-hunting experience,” according to Clifford.
“We liked Monster Hunter — we felt like there was a good game in there,” explained Clifford, “but it's surrounded by a lot of cruft, a lot of unknowable design; the DS form factor is always kind of challenging for a hardcore action game; talking cats… There's a lot about it that I find particularly charming, but it's difficult to approach for other people.”
Dauntless already makes a great case for approachability. On top of its solid, core mechanics, we really enjoyed its stylized presentation, with bold silhouettes, bright colors, and smooth textures that looked reminiscent of a Blizzard game. Beyond its charm, the stylized look serves a twofold purpose of allowing the game to run on a wide range of machines and also future-proofing it against graphical obsolescence as fidelity improves — just look at how well the colorful visuals of World of Warcraft held up as so many of its peers looked like muddy garbage in retrospect.
Clifford said that forward-thinking attitude was rooted in their desire to run Dauntless “for many years to come” in the “game-as-service” model. Although it's too early to say yet whether the game will have that kind of legs, what we saw so far shows great promise. Dauntless is currently in closed PC beta, and will be entering public beta in early 2018.
5-yr-old CJIA access road project delayed by utility pole
A Guyana Telephone and Telegraph (GTT) utility pole at the Timehri Police Station is
delaying the completion of the Cheddi Jagan International Airport (CJIA) access road.
The construction of this four-lane access road leading to CJIA, Timehri, was awarded about five years ago to BK International.
Chief Roads and Bridges Officer of the Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Ron Rahaman, said the new three-kilometer access road leading to CJIA will be completed by the first quarter of 2017.
Rahaman was at the time answering questions raised about the road before the Public Accounts Committee yesterday. He explained that to date, the project is 98 per cent complete.
“The removal of a GTT utility pole at the Timehri Police Station is what is holding back the project”.
All the works except for the removal of the pole belonging to GTT and some minor pavements are expected to be done. Rahaman said the contractor completed all other works in the last week of December last year.
Further he explained that GTT has since given consent to remove the pole, but the contractor has to pay the company just over half a million dollars to remove the pole.
“GTT sent an invoice with the amount to remove the pole and we wrote to the contractor last year to make the payment, however, the contractor has not paid as yet, so we will be having a meeting to discuss this further,” Rahaman said.
The Chief Roads and Bridges Officer said that a meeting will be held with the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Balraj Balram, and the contractor to have the issue resolved so that the project could be completed shortly.
In 2011, a contract for the sum of US$3M was signed for the work on the new access road.
The $558M contract was awarded in 2011 and was supposed to be part of a bigger project for a four-lane highway between the airport and the city.
The project was started under the previous administration.
The Coalition Government has said very little about what was happening.
According to past news reports, BK in 2014 had taken media outlets on a tour of the access road project which is supposed to start at the Timehri junction where the police station is to the airport.
BK complained then that the delay was because GTT was still to remove some cables and poles.
B.K had lamented that the utilities companies were to be blamed for the slow work.
BUSINESS
In this interview with CalvinAyre.com's Becky Liggero, CEO Per Eriksson discusses how NetEnt manages to delight their customers with the offerings they launch.
Loading the player...
Through the years, online gambling technology provider NetEnt has demonstrated the quality and scale of its multi-faceted offerings. This diverse showcase includes major advances in virtual reality (VR) and live casino, its newest blockbuster branded games, and its pioneering media buying program.
NetEnt CEO Per Eriksson pointed out that the success of their offerings is anchored on the company's desire to delight their customers. They hold on to the idea that the NetEnt is the one driving the through their innovative offerings, according to Eriksson.
“For us, it is trying to be different and innovation is key for NetEnt. We have a vision that we are driving the iGaming market,” Eriksson told CalvinAyre.com. “Therefore, you need to push yourself all the time and never be pleased with what you have delivered. You need to think one year ahead all the time and push yourself.”
For this year, Eriksson said inspiration for their new slots came from the public's growing interest on television shows. In February, NetEnt has launched a slots brand called Narcos, which is considered to be one of the highest ranking shows on Netflix, and Vikings, a popular series from the Scandanavian region.
“Right now, as you know, it is not just movies anymore. It is TV series. They have more viewers than normal movies. We went into that space [TV series] this year and the first brand that we revealed was Narcos, the highest ranked series on Netflix. So, we're proud to be able to announce that,” the NetEnt CEO said. “And for me, coming from Scandinavia, this [Vikings] brand is special. There are 37 million people watching it in 60 different countries.”
Collaborating with other operators may also result in new and exciting products, according to Eriksson.
Eriksson recalled that a conversation with Mr. Green's CEO Jesper Karrbrink at ICE 2017 gave birth to “Live Beyond Live,” the next generation of Live Casino in which players can animate whatever they want to have in your casino. He said that Mr. Green's capacity to think out of the box has been the clincher for them to say yes to the product partnership.
“A year ago, we sat down with Mr. Green and they had a lot of crazy ideas but you could do with our live casino products because it is very technically advanced and we saw ‘OK, we can do it and let us do it together.'” Eriksson said. “Someone that dare to think out of the box and they really do. We have pushed our limits so much and technology wise, this is an amazing product with 30 different streams at the same time. It is very advanced and also very stable. So we are excited.”
Comments
1:27 Why is Kemba struggling? Pause
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets' loss to Clippers
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Canadian slopestyle snowboarder Spencer O'Brien, one of the favourites to win gold in Pyeongchang, describes her struggle with rheumatoid arthritis ahead of the 2014 Sochi Games.
WATCH MORE: From death threats to autographs - speed skater Christie's turnaround
Watch live coverage of the Winter Olympics across BBC TV, website, app and Red Button services.
EVERYTHING we do is a self-portrait. Artist Beth Nagle has always been guided by the words of American novelist Chuck Palahniuk.
“We have no scar to show for happiness,” he said.
“Everything is a self-portrait. Your fingernails. The lining of your stomach is a document. The calluses on your hand tell all your secrets. Your teeth give you away. Your accent. The wrinkles around your mouth and eyes. Everything you do shows your hand.”
Beth agrees. “There are so many elements of who we are in our work,” she told the Limerick Leader.
There are the life experiences that can define a person, drawing deeper brush strokes through their soul.
And in Beth's case, sometimes they metamorphosize back out onto a piece of stretched linen or paper.
A mother of three boys, one of her sons died tragically aged nine following a heart and lung transplant.
Then, while she was at art college, she received another devastating phone-call in April 2015, that her grand-daughter Lola, had died aged just 17 months after contracting meningitis.
Those experiences are now “part of my tapestry, they are my life experiences, just like an unravelled jumper, it's there. It's a part of our history.”
And sometimes, unwittingly, those experiences make their way to the canvas.
Having worked a variety of jobs, art was always in her heart, and at 55, she took the step towards her real desire, and signed up for an art portfolio preparation course in the Limerick College of Further Education on Mulgrave Street.
Then she went on to do her BA honours degree in Fine Art (painting) at the Limerick School of Art & Design, and graduated at the age of 60.
Now, her work hangs in the Hunt Museum.
Her three-part installation Honora has been on display in the Hunt since 2014 as part of its permanent collection, after she won first prize in the college's exhibition.
But her most recent work has taken its inspiration from the scandal that shocked the country in Tuam.
Her atmospheric piece, Clandestine, an oil on linen measuring 4ft x 4ft, with its grey and muted melancholic tones possesses an other-worldly sense.
The layering up and partial erasure, blurring and scraping of the painted surface depicts the notion of time and history and of revealing the world of the subterranean, sacred resting space of these human remains.
As a child, Beth was always interested in art. It was her ‘thing'.
Moving to the UK with her parents aged three, she returned aged 11, lived in Dublin, and came back to Limerick, where she studied homeopathy while her children were at school.
“It was the best decision that I made, because here I am today doing exactly what I love. I was in there with all the school leavers, 18 year-olds, but I just liked being around positive young people, and they could learn from us too as mature students. The treatment of mature students in LSAD was outstanding; it was just so encouraging.”
“It was a full on course, very demanding academically, in terms of coming up with new and innovative ideas.”
Women in art, and indeed in many fields, have to work harder than their male contemporaries and for a long time “didn't get a look in”, she feels.
“Today women are unafraid to speak up in this patriarchal society we have been living in for many years.”
Among her inspirations in the art world is Jesse Jones, “a real Dublin girl”, who has been selected to represent Ireland at this year's Venice Biennale, and Vivienne Bogan, another contemporary artist from Limerick.
Before her brush touches a canvas, preparation is key – research, studies in philosophy, architecture, photography – all form the basis of her work.
“Then I put everything away. When I start working on a canvas, things happen by chance, and it could go in a different direction to what's in my head.”
“Everything we experience in life shows in our work. The elements of your whole being goes into something that you actively pursue.”
- Beth Nagle will discuss her work in the Hunt Museum on Wednesday, April 26 at 11am. It is free and all are welcome to attend
This year, the Tennessee Charitable Care Network and Delta Dental of Tennessee's Smile180 Foundation are partnering together to bring awareness to the importance of healthy smiles.
We are fortunate in Tennessee to have more than 20 dental clinics dedicated to restoring smiles each day by providing care to those who couldn't otherwise afford it – allowing them to start smiling again. The power of the smile is transformative. These clinics work with clients each day who can't find work, who are having difficulties in relationships, and who are looked upon differently, all because they can't show a healthy smile.
We know it's happening everywhere across our state. Studies show that 20 percent of Tennessee adults ages 18-64 have lost six or more teeth due to decay, infection or gum disease, a statistic that is two times the national median.
Why should we care about a smile? Smiling can make others happy, smiling can make you more attractive, smiling can reduce stress, smiling can help you land a job, and smiling just feels good. It even helps your physical health. Research shows that smiling when you're stressed can help lower your heart rate and make you feel better sooner. Smiles that engage your eye and mouth muscles have the most positive impact on your mood and physical health.
There is tremendous need in our state. It is the mission of the Smile180 Foundation to help break the cycle of dental disease by partnering and supporting reduced-cost dental clinics that help restore smiles.
Tennessee's charitable and reduced cost dental clinics provided more than 25,000 procedures in 2016 to Tennesseans who would not have otherwise received care. Finding that dental care has helped so many people find their smiles and changed their lives.
How can you help pass on Smile power? Clinics always need volunteers, especially trained dental professionals, but it could be as simple as giving your neighbor a smile as you pass by.
Be sure to smile this week. It's contagious.
Dr. Philip Wenk is president and CEO of Delta Dental of Tennessee.
By Daniel Huss, October 6 2017 —
Residence students, take note — the University of Calgary is considering changes to the Campus Meal Plan.
Students' Union vice-president student life Hilary Jahelka said the proposed changes include turning the Dining Centre into a buffet style service called a board meal plan.
Meal plans residence students currently purchase provide them with two accounts they can use, Meal Plan Money and Food Funds. Meal Plan Money is primarily used at the Dining Centre, while Food Funds can be spent at a variety of other campus vendors. All first-year students living in residence must buy a meal plan.
“It is a program where when students come in, they just swipe [their UCID] and it's an all-you-can-eat kind of thing,” Jahelka said.
The U of C Board of Governors will vote on the proposed changes in December.
“Some of the positives of this are that they're promising increased quality in food, which is a good thing because right now students are not satisfied with the quality of food at the Dining Centre,” Jahelka said.
Other proposed changes would see the end of Food Funds while seeing an increased cost to students and requiring students to stay at the Dining Centre with their meals, unless they have pre-ordered take-out.
“It really inhibits student's autonomy with where they choose to spend their money and get food from,” Jahelka said. She added that some other schools use board meal plans and the proposed price would be similar to these institutions.
No other Alberta universities use a board-style meal plan.
Jahelka expressed concerns about the lack of student consultation regarding the proposed changes.
“The Students' Union's concerns regarding the meal plan are the lack of student consultation and the lack of autonomy that students have with it because they are cutting flex dollars,” she said.
Gauntlet reporters surveyed students in the Dining Centre on Oct. 4. Of the 38 students polled, only two had heard about the potential changes to the meal plan.
Second-year Haskayne School of Business student Lane Burton had concerns about changes to cost and convenience.
“The choices aren't very consistent as it is,” he said. “Having the ability to grab a to-go-box and just leave and go back to my room and study or something along those lines is really important to me.”
Brayden Laurie, a first-year anthropology major, welcomed the change to a buffet style.
“I know a lot of people are against it, but I think that it would be better,” Laurie said.
The Residence Students' Association president Scott Johnson declined an interview.
The U of C released a written statement attributed to Jill Blackie, food and conference services associate director.
“We are reviewing meal plan options in consultation with the Residence Students' Association and the Students' Union. Final recommendations will go to the [BOG] in December,” the statement read.
Comments
Several hundred people marched in the Tower District on Olive Avenue in support of DACA. JUAN ESPARZA LOERA jesparza@vidaenelvalle.com
This letter is for those who may have been dissuaded from seeing "An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power," now in at least one area theater, by the terrible "audience score" on Rotten Tomatoes (a score in the 40's).
This is a fake score. Scanning the audience reviews, more than 70 percent of those who actually saw the film give highly favorable reviews. The preponderance of negative audience "reviews" are simply screeds written by Al Gore haters who did not bother to see the film.
I saw the film last week. It is a compelling documentary following a brilliant man who, after being barred from assuming the presidency to which he had been elected in the year 2000, is devoting his life to helping humanity avert a slowly evolving planetary crisis. It is an inspiring reminder of the moral leadership and deal-making ability that once made this country great and respected throughout the world.
Palmer Township
Get the Better newsletter.
Have extra cash? Put it in an envelope. In fact, put it in several.
That's how “Broke Millennial” author Erin Lowry saved $500 in a year on a $25,000 salary. The theater major moved to New York City in her early 20s after landing a job as a page on the David Letterman Show. The aspiring actress' job was to entertain the audience before the show started. It was fun, she said, but paid little.
“I had a vision of a starving artist and it's almost this romanticized thing that kids do in college,” Lowry told NBC BETTER. But Lowry soon realized her paycheck wasn't nearly enough to cover the $950 a month she owed in rent. To make up the difference, she picked up extra work as a Starbucks barista and babysitter, often working all three jobs in revolving shifts in a single day.
“It was a pretty tiring time in my life,” said Lowry. But she was determined to make it work and save money in the process.
The ‘Envelope System'
Lowry got paid in cash whenever she babysat, and got tips working at Starbucks. Instead of putting the money in a bank account, she deposited into envelopes. She split her budget into four categories and marked an envelope for each:
Rent
Money for Anna (Lowry's roommate, who paid the utilities)
Savings
Fun Fund
“Every time I came home from either of those jobs, I would usually put 50 percent into ‘rent,' 25 percent into ‘money for Anna,' and then 25 percent into ‘savings,'” she said. Extra cash would go into the “fun fund” envelope, which she joked was “usually pretty empty.”
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Lawyers who espouse a conservative Christian agenda have found plenty of opportunities in Texas, suing on behalf of Bible-quoting cheerleaders and defending a third-grader who wanted to hand out Christmas cards that read in part "Jesus is the Christ!" But for the First Liberty law firm, the last few years have been especially rewarding.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit
Throughout the years, Appalachian State has always prided itself on the concept that defense wins championships. With the absence of a premier linebacker such as John Law due to graduation, the coaching staff was forced to plug the hole this season with athletic speed.
The Mountaineer football inside linebacker corps, has effectively passed the torch off to junior Anthony Flory out of Fort Lauderdale, Florida this season.
Flory earned the opening role and it has showed with him being named the Sun Belt defensive player of the week in the matchup against Texas State. The first-year starter was credited for a career-high nine tackles, two sacks and two hurries in a game which ironically ended on a defensive stand that sealed the deal in the waning seconds.
Flory's previous high was six total tackles which came in his first career start against No. 15 Georgia.
“To this point, he is playing really well,” inside linebacker coach Dale Jones said. “The biggest thing that Flory gives us is his athleticism. Sometimes his athleticism gets him in trouble because it allows him to get to the spot quicker than he needs to. It is my job to get him to the caliber where he needs to be.”
Flory's task during his American Heritage High School career in Florida was to guard numerous wide receivers. The speed which he showed upon his highlight reels caught the eye of coaching staffs all across the country. Hence, Wyoming University was one of the components who heavily recruited him. He could have decided to join one of his high school teammates in Wyoming, but Flory chose to sign with Appalachian just before the 2015 official signing day.
“I came up here on my visit and fell in love with the place,” Flory said. “I had never seen mountains like this before because we don't have them in Florida. Everyone here also made me feel comfortable, so I decided to come.”
After being immersed in the Mountaineer defensive scheme for three years, Flory's only worry now has been the opposing tight ends and running backs. With him being the official backup for Law in the recent years, Flory has had the opportunity to learn the perspectives of an outstanding defensive player.
“I have learned to never settle and always watch film to prepare for the upcoming game,” Flory said. “Some people would have gotten angry when they are not getting enough playing time, but I was willing to wait my turn for my time. Thankfully, I was able to get a few game reps early within my career that has helped my overall in game experience.”
Although the current record of the season proclaims an overall 2-2 record, the Mountaineers possess one of the best statistical defenses in the country. The App State defense is ranked third in the nation in regard to forcing three and outs; 51.1 percent of the time the defense has produced a punt. Michigan and Georgia Tech are the only two defensive squads that lead the Mountaineers in the category.
“I have made simple mistakes that I need to polish up on in practice,” Flory said. “I just go out and try to play a perfect game for my teammates. I don't want to be known as somebody's replacement. I want to know as my own player with my own identity that plays a certain way.”
Being able to take charge of the defense as a whole is an aspect that Flory wishes to improve on with himself. He strives to know what the person next to him, as well as the person behind him is going to do so that he can accomplish his own job.
The heartbreaking loss to ACC opponent Wake Forest two weeks ago has taught the players and coaches much about their team. Appalachian State dominated much of game but inevitably lost 20-19 on a blocked game winning field goal attempt by Michael Rubino.
“Wake Forest was a good football team who was eventually going to make some plays,” Jones said. “For the most part it was a good day as we stopped them 12 times on three-and-outs. Of course we could have played better but it was not one particular spot. We all made mistakes and they end up capitalizing on them.”
The all-time sellout crowd of 35,126 at Kidd Brewer Stadium literally rocked “The Rock” against Wake Forest. This kind of electric atmosphere is more than any player could ask for. Throughout the game, the defense thrived off of the crowd's presence.
“One of the main reasons I came to this school was the presence of a passionate fan base,” Flory said. “It was the best feeling in the world to see all those people everywhere, even in the grass showing us love when we made a big play.”
Flory later expressed his feelings in regard to the Wake Forest loss on Twitter. He tweeted: “Losing is a part of the game. If you never lose, you are never truly tested and never forced to grow.”
Flory lines up beside senior inside linebacker Eric Boggs who has actually played alongside John Law. Boggs has been instrumental in showing Flory the ways of the defensive scheme. It is one thing to understand the scheme looking on from the sidelines and another to implement it into a live game situation.
“I try to teach him the roots of our defense just like the guys before me have done for me,” Boggs said. “I also have learned some things from Flory. He is quicker than me with a different style of play. We constantly try to pick up some things from each other to be better players.”
From an off-field perspective, Mountaineer fans are only able to witness the players in their game mode. Many often forget that the players are also human beings with their own personality and lifestyle outside the game.
“Flory is a goofy kid off the field but all business on the field,” Boggs said. “We do a lot of film study together. It's good to have someone that you can be buddies with on and off the field.”
Flory is now ranked second on the team behind Boggs in regard to total tackles with 23. Both linebackers must continue their dominance on the defensive side of the ball in order to propel the Mountaineers to back-to-back Sun Belt titles.
Story By: Shane Harvell, Sports Reporter
Photos By: Lindsay Vaughn, Senior Staff Photographer
President Trump on Thursday apparently forgot to sign his executive order on health care reforms — and had to be reminded by Vice President Mike Pence to put pen to paper, CBS News reported.
The president began to walk out of the room at the White House without signing the order until the veep gave him the heads-up.
Trump then returned, took out a pen and signed the document, which he claimed would result in more competition and cheaper health insurance policies.
Follow @insidefutbol
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has stressed the need to make sure he picks the right team game by game, without looking too far ahead, as the Blues try to make up ground in the title race.
The Pensioners were humbled 1-0 by strugglers West Ham on Saturday, suffering their fourth loss of the season in the Premier League and losing ground on Manchester City.
Giving his assessment of the match, the manager said that his team were unlucky to have lost even after dominating possession and enjoying more shots on target than David Moyes' team.
However, Conte is also aware of the fact that the final result is all that matters, as he looks to select the right team for every game.
Next up for Chelsea will be the away fixture against Huddersfield Town on Tuesday, and when asked what difference he would like to see in the team in the match, Conte said at a press conference: "Change the final result.
"We lost the game against West Ham despite dominating. We shot 19 times, we created chances to score but at the end we lost the game.
"The most important thing is to have a good final result.
"It's important to find the solution at this moment and not to look too far.
"There are many games and we have to find the solution early, and in this case it's right to make rotations.
"We worked only today with the players that played against West Ham.
"For sure when you have to play after two days, you must be ready and smart to prepare for the game quickly.
"And then, I repeat: find the best solution for the team, especially because a lot of players are playing a lot of games.
"It means some are a bit tired. My task is to find the best solution and at the same time not lose our balance."
Though the memory chip market might seem like an investing backwater, it's actually one of the more interesting, dynamic areas of tech investing.
Continue Reading Below
Thanks to the market's fierce competition, the companies that make memory chips, especially pure-play names like Micron Technology (NASDAQ: MU), tend to trade in boom-and-bust cycles that can lead to massive gains or losses for shareholders, depending on the exact timing of their investment.
However, finding the memory industry's best dividend name is a far simpler task since there is only one company tied to this space that also rewards its shareholders with cash distributions: Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF). In this article, we will review Samsung's memory business and examine its potential as a dividend stock.
Samsung and the memory market
The largestmanufacturer of memory storage globally, Samsung's semiconductor sub-segment is arguably the crown jewel of its electronics empire, and memory likely drives the bulk of its chip business' performance. Let's dig a bit deeper to get a more precise sense of why memory matters to Samsung.
For those unfamiliar with the company's financial structure, the Korean electronics juggernaut organizes its operations around three main reporting segments: Consumer Electronics (CE), IT & Mobile communications (IM), and Devices Solutions (DS). Device Solutions includes Samsung's memory businesses. Importantly, sales of memory chips accounted for the largest portions of DS sales in 2016, and their 10% year-over-year growth rate was the highest among any segment or sub-segment at the company.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Here's a quick snapshot into Samsung's financial performance in 2016 (in South Korean Won).
Image source: Samsung.
Looking to memory's impact on its bottom line, Samsung doesn't break out the sub-segment's results in its discussions of operating profits. However, a bit of back-of-the-envelope analysis suggests that memory sales provide about a quarter of Samsung's income from operations.
In referencing the charts above, we can see that memory chips accounted for 37 trillion Korean Won in revenue in 2016. Borrowing the net income margin from rival Micron Technology — which derives all of its revenue from the sale of memory devices — we know Micron generated a 22% profit marginin its most recent quarter. Applying Micron's profit margin to Samsung's 2016 memory sales implies that Samsung generated about 8.3 trillion Korean Won in operating profits from its memory business last year, or about 28% of its total operating profits. Though certainly imperfect, this suggests that memory is indeed an important profit center at Samsung — and one that helps power the company's dividend payments to its shareholders.
Image source: Samsung.
Samsung as a dividend stock
Samsung might not seem like an appealing dividend stock, given that its 1.6% dividend currently sits below the 1.9% yieldof the S&P 500. That being said, Samsung's dividend payments appear poised to meaningfully increase in the year to come for a few reasons.
As I detailed in another recent article, Samsung recently found itself in the crosshairs of activist hedge fund firm Elliot Management, which had lobbied the Korean conglomerate to split itself into two separate publicly traded businesses. Rather than agreeing to do so, Samsung sought to quell the shareholder insurrection by pledging to increase the amount of capital it returns to shareholders, which will rise to about 50% of free cash flow this year, according to the company.
Though I couldn't find free-cash-flow estimates for Samsung, sell-side analysts expect its sales and earnings per share (EPS) to increase by 9% and 72% respectively this year, according to data from Reuters. Though not scientific, this strongly suggests that the overall direction of Samsung's cash distributions are likely to increase, offering more appealing income generation than today's paltry yield certainly suggests.
At the end of the day, the memory chip space is far from an income investor's paradise. However, Samsung's robust memory business and its public pledges to increase the amount of capital it will return to shareholders indeed make it a compelling option among tech dividend stocks today.
10 stocks we like better than Samsung
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Samsung wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Broadway is bringing back the ABBA musical you never knew existed I don't know if the Russians have infiltrated the White House yet, but they were all over the Kennedy Center in Washington, DC, last weekend for “Chess.” So what did...
This is the one song the Queen cannot resist dancing to As much as some of us may not like to admit it, we are fascinated with the fabulous hat wearing and delightful Queen of England. What time does she wake...
Sunny the cat hates when her owner sings ABBA Mamma mia — this frisky kitty does not like ABBA! A New Jersey house cat named Sunny gets so riled up when her owner sings that she physically assaults her...
ABBA reunited for a rare performance last night The legendary pop group ABBA gave an impromptu performance at a hotel in Stockholm. According to the Expressen, Agnetha Fältskog, Björn Ulvaeus, Benny Andersson and Anni-Frid Lyngstad were celebrating 50...
Forget 'American Idol': This is the best singing show on TV Justin Timberlake is going to perform his new single “Can't Stop the Feeling!” at the Eurovision Song Contest on Saturday. Hope he's ready to get schooled, because Eurovision takes kooky showmanship...
Thank God ‘Mamma Mia!' is finally leaving Broadway After nearly 14 years on Broadway, “Mamma Mia!” is closing on Saturday. To which I say: Good riddance. Don't get me wrong, I love ABBA. I've written two books about...
'Mamma Mia!' - the show NYC needed after 9/11 - to close ‘MAMMA Mia!” — which turned everybody with a hand-held hair dryer into a Dancing Queen — will end its 14-year Broadway run Sept. 5. It is the eighth-longest-running show in...
By Richie Murray
Speedway, Indiana……..USAC Triple Crown champion Tracy Hines and Leader Card Racers have signed in as the first entry for the Driven2SaveLives BC39 USAC P1 Insurance National Midget event at the new Dirt Track at IMS, located inside turn three of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on Septemb.er 5-6.
Hines, the 2000 Silver Crown, 2002 National Sprint and 2015 National Midget titlist, returns to USAC competition for the first time since the season-ending “Turkey Night Grand Prix” in 2015. Nowadays, Hines' full-time gig is as the director of operation for ThorWorks, one of the entities of ThorSport Racing, yet he remains a racer, competing in about 12 races a year, just for fun and only when the time allows for it, as he puts it.
The majority of his racing these days is in a winged sprint car during the summer months near his Sandusky, Ohio home. Yet the lure of racing at IMS still shines brightly for the New Castle, Indiana native, as he relishes the opportunity to make his mark at the legendary venue.
“For me and what IMS is doing for short track racing, from the social media standpoint to the acknowledgement of how good the USAC national open wheel drivers are, it's prideful for someone who's spent so many years trying to build the USAC brand to be one of the premier series in short track racing,” Hines said. “For the speedway to follow suit and carry it on and show how important it is, words can't explain that.”
Hines will take the wheel for a team that has an illustrious history on the famed, adjacent 2.5-mile – Leader Card Racers. The Wisconsin-based team owned by the Wilke family has three Indianapolis 500 titles to its name with Rodger Ward in 1959 and 1962, then again in 1968 with Bobby Unser.
The team has earned 134 USAC victories and collected wins in many of the biggest races in the sport of midget racing, including the Chili Bowl Midget Nationals, the Four Crown Nationals, Hut A Hundred, the Turkey Night Grand Prix, Pepsi Nationals, Copper World Classic and the Belleville Midget Nationals.
But a win at IMS, especially the inaugural edition on the dirt track, would have a significance that would be extra special to Leader Card Racers' Chris Wilke, the great grandson of the team's patriarch, Bob Wilke.
“It would be huge not just for me, but my family,” Wilke said. “Our last win at Indy came in 1968 and I've always wanted to compete at the Speedway to follow in my great grandfather's footsteps. The reality of showing up with an IndyCar at the Speedway one day is more of a dream than a reality. I'm not saying it couldn't ever happen, but now I have an opportunity to go to the Speedway and feel like I can be competitive and hopefully leave my mark like the three generations before me have done. It would just be very special and I'm just very glad that we have an opportunity to go there and do this.”
Hines made a splash in his debut for the Wilke team at a UMARA-sanctioned Midget race at Grundy County Speedway in Morris, Illinois back in 1996, winning the “Illinois State Championship.” Since then, Hines and the Wilkes racked up nine USAC National Midget feature wins between 2002 and 2006. Although Hines ran for other teams in the following years, the two sides remained close-knit.
“I consider Greg, Chris, Mark, and everybody who's a part of the (Wilke) team, as family,” Hines said. “I first ran with them in 1996 and I drove off-and-on for them for 10 years. I've always had a great relationship with them and I feel like I've always been a brother figure to Chris. He's turned into a great young man and he's going to carry their legacy on (fourth generation).”
Wilke remembers the first meeting with Hines in that 1996 race, which marked the beginning of the pair's partnership that included numerous victories and memories together from coast-to-coast.
“I would've been 12 years old at the time when I first met Tracy,” Wilke recalls. “Now I'm 34 and Tracy's been a mentor in my life and someone I've always looked up to. He's ageless when it comes to talent and there are very few guys who can go their whole career and be successful every time they strap into a racecar.”
Now the pairing has returned, Wilke is not only thrilled by the opportunity to compete at IMS, but for the shot in the arm it can provide to all midget racing.
“What better place to put a dirt track than inside the world's greatest track,” Wilke exclaimed. “I think it's probably long overdue. It's going to be a good show and it's going to attract a lot of eyes being on Brickyard weekend. Not just a lot fans' eyes, but a lot of NASCAR eyes and national eyes on midget racing. We've produced some of the best racers in the country and the talent produced is second to none.”
The inaugural Driven2SaveLives BC39 leads up to the 25th running of the Big Machine Vodka 400 at the Brickyard powered by Florida Georgia Line honors late USAC champion and three-time Indianapolis 500 starter Bryan Clauson and increases awareness of Indiana Donor Network and Driven2SaveLives.
The Driven2SaveLives BC39 will include a unique format, concluding with a 39-lap feature Sept. 6 in the richest Midget racing event in recent history. The race will feature more than $70,000 in purse and incentives, including a $15,000 winner's purse – the largest in Midget racing.
Dirt and asphalt racers from around the country have expressed interest in the event, with a large and diverse field – including NASCAR Cup Series drivers – expected to compete.
Why it matters to you Aim Adventure U's Navigation Course is a great alternative to expensive, time-consuming, in-person orienteering courses.
Don't have the time or money for expensive in-person backcountry navigation courses, but intend on adventuring through the wilderness just the same? Aim Adventure U offers an online class in Backcountry Navigation so that you can learn basic skills without leaving the comfort of your own home.
This course was put together by the Colorado Outward Bound School and Backpacker magazine, and all the sections are taught by veteran Colorado Outward Bound School instructor Sienna Fry. The program is designed to be taken at your own pace, with all lessons available to be retaken as many times as you please. Once you've purchased the course, the materials are yours forever.
The sections are broken down into videos, reading, practice assignments, and quizzes. The practice assignments are intended to get you outside to apply your skills in the real world while the quizzes are intended to help you perfect the material and identify areas you might be struggling with.
Aim Adventure U's Backcountry Navigation course is broken down into eight sections. The first section is on maps and teaches you how to read them, how to match contour lines to the landscape, and how to use latitude and longitude. The second section is on using a compass, offering tips on taking a bearing and location triangulation.
After teaching these basic skills, the course progresses to route planning, providing a comprehensive overview of how to calculate distance, measure elevation gain or loss, and identify landmarks. The fourth section is on digital GPS devices and how to implement real-world orienteering skills alongside a smartphone app or unit.
The fifth section takes all these skills and applies them to actual travel, whether on or off the trail. The course offers tips on how to stay found, navigate around obstacles, and what to do if you lose the trail. The sixth section touches on special navigation issues such as visibility and extreme weather and the seventh section addresses what to do if you do get lost, including how to backtrack and when to call for rescue.
The entire course takes around eight to ten hours to complete and can be purchased for $150 from Aim Adventure U.
If you're not a Patriots fan, you're probably tired of hearing how great they are but begrudgingly respect their sustained success. If you love the Patriots, you can't get enough of stuff like this. Either way, here's another graphic (here's another and another) saying Look how great the Patriots are.
This one comes from Reddit user /u/PortugueseEmpire. It tracks all of the division champs since the NFL realigned to eight divisions in 2002.
Every division has had at least three teams win multiple division titles over that time … except for the AFC East, where the Pats have won 13 of a possible 15.
Also notable: Only the Jaguars, Browns and Bills have failed to win a division title since realignment, which sounds about right.
Google, Facebook Join Fight To Stop Wildlife Crime Online
A week after the U.S. quietly lifted a ban on imports of sport-hunted elephants' ivory and lion parts from certain African countries, the World Wildlife Fund has announced that Google, Facebook and other major tech firms are joining an effort to halt the illegal trade of wildlife and wildlife parts.
"Advances in technology and connectivity across the world, combined with rising buying power and demand for illegal wildlife products, have increased the ease of exchange from poacher to consumer," the WWF said in a news release.
"As a result, an unregulated online market allows criminals to sell illegally obtained wildlife products across the globe. Purchasing elephant ivory, tiger cubs, and pangolin scales is as easy as click, pay, ship."
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service had in November lifted a ban on importing ivory and other elephant parts from animals killed by trophy hunters in Zambia and Zimbabwe, but President Donald Trump put the move on hold, suggesting such trophy hunting was a "horror show."
But in a March 1 memo, the Fish and Wildlife service said it would evaluate import permits for parts from elephants, lions and bontebok antelopes killed in specific countries "on a case-by-case basis."
However, poaching and the illegal trade of wildlife and animal parts have raised fears that some species, including African elephants, mountain gorillas and white rhinos, could lead to their disappearance within our lifetimes. And much of the trading is now facilitated by the internet, the WWF said.
To stop illegal online trading of wild animals and their parts, the WWF will bring together its partners -- including a number of large tech companies -- to share "lessons learned and best practices," the organization announced.
Founding members of the "Global Coalition to End Wildlife Trafficking Online" include Google, Facebook, Instagram and Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, according to the WWF, which added that 20,000 elephants are killed every year for "ivory trinkets and ornamental objects" and that "three rhinos are killed each day in South Africa alone for their horns for tonics and aphrodisiacs and carved ornamental cups."
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Read more on: Google, Facebook, Wildlife, Environment, Government
The final act of the Syrian bloodbath The euphoric hopes of 2011's Arab Spring soon collapsed into a long winter of blood and devastation. From the Middle East through much of North Africa, dictators fell, but societies...
Man arrested over T-shirt's slogan is freed two years later CAIRO — An Egyptian youth arrested two years ago for wearing a T-shirt with a slogan against torture was released early Friday, his brother said. Mahmoud Mohammed Ahmed, 20, was...
Video of Egyptians giving condom balloons to police goes viral CAIRO — A video showing a reporter and an actor handing Egyptian policemen condom balloons on the fifth anniversary of the 2011 uprising received more than 1 million views online...
Egypt warns against unrest on uprising anniversary CAIRO — Egypt's president, speaking ahead of next week's anniversary of the 2011 uprising that toppled longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak, has vowed a firm response to any unrest. Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi...
Tunisian democracy group wins Nobel Peace Prize OSLO, Norway — A Tunisian coalition of workers, employers, human rights activists and lawyers won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for pulling the country that sparked the Arab Spring...
Defiant Al Jazeera faces conservative backlash after Arab Spring Al Jazeera, the Qatari-funded television station whose reporting of the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings won it millions of viewers in the Middle East, is defiant following a backlash by Arab...
The Egyptian military's new power grab So Egypt's Gen. Abdul-Fattah al-Sisi managed to come in first in Time magazine's online “person of the year” poll, his minions having evidently done a better job of spamming votes...
Tahrir terrors seen at close hand Since the early 2011 protests in Cairo's Tahrir Square, scenes of huge Egyptian demonstrations violently broken up by the authorities seem constant. That may be why the most powerful moments...
Nearly a third of the world's population is overweight or obese now, and it's getting worse, researchers reported Monday.
The number of obese people has doubled since 1980 in 73 countries, the global team of researchers wrote in the New England Journal of Medicine. Twelve percent of adults and five percent of children are classified as obese, meaning their body mass index (BMI), a measure of height to weight, is significantly above the healthy level.
A young girl walks with her mother Tim Boyle / Getty Images
“In 2015, a total of 107.7 million children and 603.7 million adults were obese,” the team at the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) at the University of Washington, who led the study team, said in a statement.
It's killing them.
“In 2015, high BMI contributed to 4 million deaths, which represented 7.1 percent of the deaths from any cause,” the team wrote in their report.
Related: America's Obesity Epidemic Hits New High
“People who shrug off weight gain do so at their own risk – risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer, and other life-threatening conditions,” said IHME director Dr. Christopher Murray.
“Those half-serious New Year's resolutions to lose weight should become year-round commitments to lose weight and prevent future weight gain.”
The U.S. is at the head of the pack, with more than two-thirds of Americans overweight or obese. Having too much body fat raises the risk of heart disease, many types of cancer, diabetes, arthritis, Alzheimer's disease and a range of other conditions. It makes people more likely to get seriously ill or to die from influenza and other infectious diseases, also.
Egypt had the most obese adults in 2015, with 35 percent of all adults reaching a BMI of 30 or greater (22 to 25 is considered healthy).
“In 2015, high BMI contributed to 4 million deaths.”
And nearly 13 percent of kids are obese in the U.S., the highest percentage in the world.
The thinnest countries? Just 1.6 of adults in Vietnam are obese and only 1.2 percent of children are obese in Bangladesh, the survey found.
Related: Are You Obese? Calculate Here
“From 1990 through 2015, there was a relative increase of 28.3 percent in the global rate of death related to high BMI,” the researchers wrote.
“Nearly 70 percent of the deaths that were related to high BMI were due to cardiovascular disease, and more than 60 percent of those deaths occurred among obese persons.”
Evidence is building that it's food and not a lack of exercise that is more to blame for the expanding waistlines.
Related: Obese Coupes Take Longer to Conceive
“Changes in the food environment and food systems are probably major drivers,” the research team wrote.
“Increased availability, accessibility, and affordability of energy-dense foods, along with intense marketing of such foods, could explain excess energy intake and weight gain among different populations,” they added.
Cars, roads, public transport and other factors have been around too long to take the blame for the changes in the obesity rates, the researchers said.
Related: Balloon You Can Swallow Fights Obesity
It's not clear what can be done. Countries have tried many different approaches, with little effect so far, Murray's team said.
“Among such interventions are restricting the advertisement of unhealthy foods to children, improving school meals, using taxation to reduce consumption of unhealthy foods and providing subsidies to increase intake of healthy foods, and using supply-chain incentives to increase the production of healthy foods,” they wrote.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 15 February 2017
President Koroma has finally yielded to strong demands from civil society groups and the media for the 2018 elections date to be announced.
It is not clear as to why the president, who is not known for good decision making, has dithered and wasted time in making the announcement.
Critics say that by pushing back the constitutional deadline for the announcement, president Koroma had created unnecessary political tension and uncertainty in the country.
But what is now certainly clear, according to the president's national radio broadcast is that local, constituency and presidential elections will all be held on the 7th of March 2018.
Constitutional lawyers say that this date is outside the mandated period set by the country's constitution, which stipulates that presidential election must be held not later than three months after the end of the five-year term of the president.
President Koroma was sworn in on 23 November 2012, and his mandated term limit expires on the 23rd of February 2018. But presidential spokesman – Abdulai Bayraytay told reporters that the president's announcement meets with the constitutional mandate.
It is highly unlikely that anyone will be mounting a legal challenge to prove the president wrong, which makes the argument about the deadline envelope somewhat academic.
According to president Koroma, the voter registration will now commence swiftly to ensure that everyone has the chance to cast their vote next year.
In 2011 the Sierra Leone National Electoral Commission (NEC) purchased 800 biometric machines worth a total of US$18.6 million, which were used at the 2012 elections.
But few weeks ago, the National Electoral Commission replaced most of the machines with new ones, claiming that they were faulty.
The new technology will ease some of the registration problems NEC faces, such as securing voter databases, said NEC information officer Albert Massaquoi in 2011.
“It will also make it easier and faster for NEC to replace voter's cards for anyone who loses his or her own,” he told local journalists. “The new system will also discourage registration duplications or fraud. Your personal data will be kept in the system and you will not be able to register twice.”
Critics had since argued that the biometric system could fail, while others say they expect the modern technology to reduce or stop underage voting and reduce the percentage of invalid votes nationwide.
In his broadcast to the nation this morning, president Koroma made it clear that today's announcement does not mark the beginning of election campaigning.
He said that the NEC will in due time be announcing a date for the start of campaigning, and called upon every citizen to help promote democracy in the country, by ensuring that campaigning and voting are free of violence and intimidation.
Both the ruling APC and the main opposition SLPP are now set to hold their respective national conference in the next few months, where they are expected to elect their presidential candidate.
It will be a tough fight in both camps. But the ruling APC is much more adept at stage managing its presidential candidate election than the opposition SLPP, whose passion for transparency and openness sometimes comes at a price.
After years of chaos and infighting, the opposition SLPP is finally at peace with itself and its executives and stakeholders are now planning to take the battle for the country's parliament and State House to the ruling APC party.
There are at least twelve candidates vying for the presidential candidacy of the SLPP, with Julius Maada Bio, Alie Kabba, Kandeh Yumkella, John Benjamin, Alpha Timbo, Jonathan Tengbe, Munda Rogers, and Andrew Keili as the main contestants.
The ruling APC has a tough mountain to climb in electing its presidential candidate in August this year. The field is widely open to Joseph Kamara – the attorney general, John Sisay – the former chief executive of Sierra Rutile Ltd., Alpha Kanu – the former information minister, Minkailu Mansaray – the minister of mines, and at least six others.
You can listen to president Koroma's radio broadcast here:
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading...
Salt had a lucky night! He had a dinner date of 20 single women… and maybe one of them was a frequent caller to the show.
Did he find true love?
Listen above to find out!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
Lingerie model Amber Tolliver has posed for underwear brands such as Aerie and Jockey, and once even had her scantily clad body plastered onto a Times Square billboard.
Yet the 5-foot-9 curly-haired beauty has had major issues finding a bra that fits her.
“I'm a 32E, and every time I would go to a store, it was the same issue,” the 32-year-old Chelsea resident tells The Post. “The things that I really loved that were beautiful were never big enough for me. And the things that were big enough for me were like my grandmother's bras, and I was like, ‘Well, this doesn't inspire me to a) want to buy it and b) put it on in the morning and feel great about myself.'
“I was like… ‘There has to be a better option.'”
Well, she's made one.
In March, Tolliver will launch Liberté, a lingerie line featuring flirty, feminine bras crafted from soft, moisture-wicking Italian fabrics, with sizes ranging from 32C to 38H. Available at LiberteNY.com, the brand will also feature a couple of thongs and briefs.
It's been a five-year process for Tolliver, who briefly studied fashion design and marketing at Columbia College before pursuing modeling full-time. She and her small, four-person team have experienced production delays, thrown out countless samples and suffered creepy comments from potential male investors.
Yet, she calls the project her passion, particularly since so many women share her frustrations. According to a 2013 survey by the lingerie brand Intimacy, the average bra size in the US is a 34DD.
“I feel like it has to be perfect for all the women out there who are told that anything larger than a D just doesn't exist,” she says. “I want to give women that freedom of ‘No, I don't need to conform — here is a brand that is here to embrace me.”
Tolliver has been self-conscious about her body her whole life. As a young tomboy growing up outside of Chicago, she first picked up a sewing needle because she couldn't find clothes that fit her tall, athletic frame.
“I was making my own sweatpants to play sports in because I couldn't find any,” she says, laughing. Yet people began commenting on her height and told her she should try modeling. At 15, she went to an open call at Ford Models and was offered a contract on the spot. In 2008, she moved to New York City to pursue modeling full-time.
That's when she started to gain weight. She says she found herself “fighting tooth and nail” to maintain her size 2 figure, but in 2009 she switched to plus-size modeling. It was just as tough. Clients claimed she wasn't big enough, so she began gorging on pasta and wine every evening and stopped working out to fit the desired mold.
“I found myself being just as unhealthy as when I was trying to be a size 2,” she says.
“I just let my body go into a natural state of existence, which leaves me around a size 6,” says Tolliver, who is currently represented by Elite Models. “I'm not altering my body for my clients.”
As a model who isn't quite “standard” and isn't quite plus, Tolliver books a lot of lingerie gigs, which tend to call for curvier bodies. And she's found that most brands offer either only tiny cups or too-big plus-sized brassieres. As a result, she's found herself uncomfortably squeezing into a skimpy top — or trying to fill out the bigger options by pinning the band or adding padding into the cups.
“I actually ended up learning a lot about how a bra should fit from having to do so many alterations on set,” she says.
In 2013, she started researching bra patterns.
Even with her fashion experience, Tolliver soon realized that designing a bra — particularly one that had to support larger sizes — was way more complicated than sewing a dress.
“It's a load-bearing object,” she says, comparing it to architecture. “I had no idea how to create something that would be functional.”
By 2015, she was talking with local manufacturers about turning her patterns into prototypes. But while she loved the design and production process, she found raising money dispiriting.
“Being a woman who is young, and a model starting a lingerie brand, I ended up being in conversations [with potential investors] that had nothing to do with business,” she says.
“They would ask, ‘Oh, are you wearing your pieces, can I see them?' Or, ‘Can I be your quality control manager? Can I shoot B-roll at your photo shoots?' Just these horrendous comments,” she says. “It was exhausting and offensive.”
After raising nearly $35,000 through Kickstarter last October, however, Tolliver is ready to shake up the lingerie industry, and make a lot of women happy.
“Beautiful lingerie shouldn't be reserved for a select few,” she says. “For lingerie, it's important to have something aesthetically pleasing, because it can set the tone of the whole day… I want women to walk out the door with a feeling of being unstoppable.”
Crew Credits: Photographer: Annie Wermiel; Stylist: Bree Bonagofsky; Hair and Makeup: T.Cooper
Atlantic writer Ta-Nehisi Coates, one of the country's leading writers on race, has sold the landmarked Brooklyn brownstone he owned briefly for $2.1 million, according to city property records.
Coates bought the stunning 5-bedroom home — “on the most coveted block of Prospect Lefferts Gardens,” notes the property's listing— in April 2016 for $2.1 million through an LLC, Ellen and William Craft Excursions. (The name comes from two runaway slaves whose real-life escape to freedom, as chronicled in their 1860 book, “Running a Thousand Miles for Freedom,” reads better than fiction. Ellen escaped to freedom by posing as a white male slaveowner traveling with her “slave,” who was really her husband William.)
But after The Post and other publications reported Coates as the buyer, using NYC's publicly available real-estate records, he published an Atlantic piece stating that his family would not be safe in their new home, on a tony block filled with multi-million dollar properties. “You can't really be a black writer in this country, take certain positions and not think about your personal safety,” he wrote.
Coates tried to flip the brownstone for $2.39 million — nearly $300,000 more than he paid— but hooked no buyers at that price. The price then dropped twice, last asking $2.24 million before it entered contract.
The stunning home comes with original, restored details, including ceiling moldings, ornate banisters, four decorative mantles, five sets of pocket doors, Pier mirrors and inlaid hardwood floors, per the listing. The brownstone also features a living room and study on the parlor floor, a formal dining room, eat-in chef's kitchen with floor to ceiling windowed doors, a garden and a deck. Other charming original details include a claw-foot tub in the master bathroom.
The listing brokers were Douglas Elliman's Pablo Cuevas, Eduardo Leanez and Eugenio Stangher.
Cars.com has hired JPMorgan Chase to explore strategic options including a possible sale of the company, The Post has learned.
The online car retailer earlier this month added two directors to its 11-member board that were nominated by activist investor Starboard Capital.
With the activist firm headed by Jeff Smith in the boardroom, it looks unlikely this assignment is for anything but a sale, a source following the situation said.
“Hiring a banker means they think they can get $40 a share as that is what they want to sell for,” the source said.
Cars.com shares on Wednesday were recently trading at $25.19, up 3 percent.
Cars.com didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Possible suitors include buyout firm Apax Partners and Atlanta-based cable TV company Cox Communications, which reportedly kicked the tires on the company two years ago before it went public.
Publishing giant Hearst, which owns Popular Mechanics, last month told trade publication DealReporter it might have interest in Cars.com if it were for sale. Cars.com says it attracts 19.4 million unique monthly visitors.
Another large private equity firm too has recently started doing diligence on the $1.8 billion market cap company in case it came up for sale, the source following the situation said.
Cars.com shares got hit earlier this month when Facebook announced it was expanding its auto marketplace into Canada and the UK, following a recent announcement it was doing the same in the US.
Overall, Cars.com has been essentially flat since spinning off from local TV broadcaster Tegna last June at $25.34.
Cars.com's revenue-sharing partnerships with publishers including Gannett will be running out in a few years. Cars.com then can keep more of the profits from the auto dealerships that pay to advertise on the site, according to sources.
Ah, the clean fresh city air… oh wait, all you smell is exhaust fumes and decomposing garbage? While smells might not be an objectively measurable sign of climate change, they serve as an extremely noticeable sign of pollution. What originally started as bad or weird smells in cities and densely populated areas has become measurable through occurrences such as extreme heat waves, rising sea levels and severe droughts. These climate change observations correlate to greenhouse gas emissions from the increased use of fossil fuel products.
Greenhouse gases are made up of molecules containing large amounts of carbon and oxygen, and cause excess heat or solar radiation to be trapped in earth's atmosphere. Throughout the earth's life, the main component of these greenhouse gases has been simple water vapor. This hasn't been a problem since water vapor goes through the water cycle and ends up balancing itself out through the world's oceans, lakes and rainfall. Recently however, man-made carbon dioxide and other carbon-containing gases have started to increase significantly causing global temperatures to deviate from normal ranges.
Some of the largest contributors to greenhouse gases are electricity production and transportation. Combined, they account for 56 percent of all greenhouse gases emitted. While renewable energy and electric vehicles have been making headway, the majority of electricity production and transportation is still run by fossil fuels. Around 65 percent of U.S. electricity production is through fossil fuels and nearly 92 percent of transportation energy comes from fossil fuels.
While fossil fuel companies are heavily regulated in the world market to reduce pollution and emissions, these companies still contribute a significant amount to climate change simply by creating the products they do. With the rest of the world increasing regulations and requirements for fossil fuel companies, the United States has seen fit to decrease regulatory hurdles for such companies.
Through the use of heavy lobbying and manipulation of the public, the fossil fuel industry has bought its way into a position where it can influence public policy in a way that benefits only themselves. Since oil, gas and coal industries benefit financially from decreased regulation and less government overreach, they have been greasing the pockets of republicans for decades. With over 125 million dollars spent on lobbying by fossil fuel companies just in 2017, some of the largest contributors (Exxon, the Koch brothers, Shell and BP) have an immense hold over the government.
With a Republican-controlled executive branch, the EPA has seen fit to roll back regulations regarding controlling emissions from fossil fuel processing plants. Specifically, the EPA has recently removed a policy called “once in always in.” This policy allows for heavily polluting plants to be permanently classified as a major source of pollution (even if they no longer pollute as much as they used to), which in turn increases the pollution management standards for those plants.
According to the EPA, removing this policy will allow for those same plants to voluntarily implement their own pollution management systems because they will have to spend less on making sure they are up to EPA standards.
“The ‘once in always in' policy has been a longstanding disincentive for sources to implement voluntary pollution abatement and prevention efforts, or to pursue technological innovations that would reduce hazardous air pollution emissions,” the EPA said in a public news release.
If fossil fuel companies would actually research pollution abatement, removing this once in always in policy makes sense, however, there is no reason why they would if there are fewer consequences for heavy pollution.
The purpose of companies and industries is to always move to be the most efficient and profitable entities around. When it comes to the fossil fuel industry, efficiency and profitability means not regarding environmental protection factors. Increased heavy metal and greenhouse gas pollution from fossil fuel processing plants infringes on the health of those living near and around such plants. Over time, these pollutants have caused climate change which has been linked to droughts, flooding, stronger hurricanes, reduced wildlife and insect populations and even cancer or other health issues amongst humans.
Protecting these basic rights of health and a hospitable environment should be basic tenets of the government, however, we can see that the current administration has disregarded the public in favor of helping put more money in the pockets of fossil fuel industries.
While arguments can be made with regards to fossil fuel companies stimulating the economies of coal country and areas rich in fossil fuels, the environmental impact sits heavily on the economic benefits. What's the point of trying to revitalize a technology that's soon to be obsolete?
With the advent of extremely efficient and low pollution renewable energies, the government should be pushing all those fossil fuel companies into becoming renewable energy powerhouses. The breadth of resources available to energy companies is immense and if even some of that wealth and man-power was focused on researching renewable energy and nuclear energy, the impact electricity production and transportation fuels have on environmental decline could be significantly reduced.
Finra to set up fintech industry committee
US regulatory body Finra has established an Innovation Outreach initiative to co-ordinate its ongoing research into fintech trends, beginning with a blockchain symposium in New York.
The initiative will build on recent efforts by the self-regulatory organisation to focus on fintech, such as the launch of a new Webpage that highlights emerging trends, including pieces on blockchain technology and digital investment advice.
“Finra has long been engaged in discussions about fintech issues with member firms and other key stakeholders," says Robert Cook, Finra president and CEO. "The Innovation Outreach Initiative will enable us to better track fintech developments across the rapidly changing industry environment in order to support innovation in the industry while maintaining investor protection and market integrity."
To support the effort, Finra has created a cross-departmental team led by its Office of Emerging Regulatory Issues that will take the lead on a number of programme elements, including the creation of a Fintech Industry Committee and the development of an enhanced communications strategy via regional roundtables and published research.
As an initial step, Finra will host a half-day Blockchain Symposium in New York City on 13 July bringing together regulators and industry leaders to discuss the use of distributed ledger technology and related opportunities and challenges.
MONTREAL — The Montreal Canadiens signed undrafted forward Alexandre Alain to a three-year entry-level contract on Tuesday.
The 21-year-old Alain, a right-hand shot centre, was third in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League scoring this season with 44 goals and 87 points for the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada.
The six-foot-one 185-pound Alain attended the Canadiens rookie camp in September but was returned to the Armada.
England advanced to the last eight of the World Cup for the first time in 12 years with a penalty shootout victory over Colombia.
Harry Kane scored his sixth goal of the tournament as the sides drew 1-1 after extra time.
Colombia, who equalised through Yerry Mina's powerful header in second half stoppage time, started the extra 30 minutes more forcefully.
Backed by the majority of the 45,000 spectators at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow and galvanized by the late leveller, they played with a creative energy and verve that mocked their previous 90 minutes of niggle and snarl.
With the departure of Raheem Sterling, England appeared to lose their link between midfield and attack. They started to misplace passes and mistime their movements into space.
“We were knocked by the equaliser,” admitted England coach Gareth Southgate. “We were then back in control of the game trying to push for the win. But we were not leaving ourselves exposed. It was a night when I knew we were going to get over the line. I felt we had the belief and resilience to get over the line.”
The source of Southgate's faith springs from intangible otherworld. England's ineptitude in penalty shootouts is the known known of world football. And the latest devastation loomed when Jordan Henderson missed the third of the five kicks to leave Colombia 3-2 up.
But Mateus Uribe's attempt for Colombia hit the bar and Kieran Trippier slotted home to level for England.
Southgate's disciples had the tie for the taking when Jordan Pickford saved Carlos Bacca's fifth shot for the South Americans.
Eric Dier seized the glory.
“I think a victory in this fashion is an important moment for this group of players and the groups to come," added Southgate. "Not just winning the shootout but suffering at the end of the game in a stadium that was probably five to one Colombian fans. To come through all of that … we've talked to the players about writing their own stories and it showed they don't have to conform to what's happened before.
"It was a special night for our team and all of the supporters at home.” Amen to that St Gareth.
England will play Sweden in the last eight in Samara on 7 July. The Scandanavians reached their first quarter-final since 1994 with a 1-0 win over Switzerland in St Petersburg. Emil Forsberg scored the winner mid-way through the second half.
Like Southgate, the Sweden coach, Janne Andersson, insists on the collective and after advancing to the quarter-final, he said his players have no reason to believe the last eight is all they deserve. “If you start to lower the bar or your ambition, that's not going to be satisfying,” he said.
Sweden emerged top of Group F which contained defending champions Germany, Mexico and South Korea. They saw off established powers such as the Netherlands and Italy during the qualifying campaign for the tournament in Russia.
"We're not satisfied with this," added Andersson. "We want to win the next match as well.”
Police said a Dodge Durango sport utility vehicle was struck by an oncoming car after it hit a concrete divider and overturned Friday.
A new report finds that anti-abortion violence last year was higher than it's been in 20 years — and now that newly confirmed conservative Republican Attorney General Jeff Sessions will oversee law enforcement initiatives that protect an provider from harm, many advocates are on edge.
According to the 2016 National Clinic Violence Survey published last Thursday by the Feminist Majority Foundation, 34.2 percent of U.S. abortion providers reported "severe violence or threats of violence" in the first half of 2016.
That number is up from 19.7 percent in 2014 — and before that, the highest recent peak came in 1995, with an average of 24 percent.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Anti-abortion movement finding new life in Trump administration 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Anti-abortion terrorism peaked in the mid-90s as a wave of shooting murders and bombings took the lives of doctors, medical receptionists, clinic escorts, and off-duty police officers. But it peaked again in 2015, according to the National Abortion Federation's (NAF) 2015 Violence and Disruption Statistics report, spurred by a widely publicized series of videos aimed at smearing Planned Parenthood.
In 2015, U.S. abortion providers were targeted in three murders, nine attempted murders, and 94 reports of death threats. The numbers briefly "leveled out" in 2016, said NAF President Vickie Saporta, but they're still higher than they've been since the '90s. And, according to Saporta, violent sentiments began to cycle upward again after the election of President Trump.
Community members hold a candlelight vigil at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs on Nov. 28, 2015, for victims of a shooting at the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood clinic the day before. Andy Cross / Denver Post via Getty Images
"After the elections, we uncovered more than three times the negative commentary ... in terms of online speech," said Saporta, going on to explain NAF's distinction between "negative commentary" and direct threats. "When people post things like 'we should murder all abortion providers,' we consider that negative commentary. But if they say 'Doctor so-and-so deserves to be killed,' that's a direct threat that we would turn over to law enforcement."
Law enforcement, said Saporta, are invaluable in clinic violence prevention. NAF regularly works with the Justice Department's National Task Force on Violence Against Health Care Providers — created after the 1998 shooting death in New York of Dr. Barnett Slepian — to track and report serious threats.
The Department of Justice's clinic violence task force oversees investigations and prosecutions in major cases of anti-abortion terrorism, but it also acts as an enforcer within the ranks, briefing and training police departments when local abortion providers are having a difficult time engaging them to investigate threats.
“ We're extraordinarily concerned about what a Justice Department under Sessions will do.”
With Sessions — notably anti-abortion in his personal views and known as a senator for favoring the anti-abortion movement — at the helm of the Justice Department, Saporta worries that some major changes could be on the way. And those changes could translate into a frightening uptick in violence.
"We're extraordinarily concerned about what a Justice Department under Sessions will do," said Saporta. "We're concerned that he will not make investigating and prosecuting threats against providers a priority, and that he will not empower and resource the task force adequately to uphold federal law."
The primary federal law used to prosecute anti-abortion offenders is the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act (FACE) passed in 1994. FACE made it illegal to interfere with, intimidate, obstruct, or damage a reproductive health care facility.
When asked about potential changes to abortion-related policy, the Justice Department declined to comment.
Sessions, who said Roe v. Wade is "one of the worse, colossally erroneous Supreme Court decisions of all time," doubled down on his anti-abortion conviction during his confirmation hearings for attorney general. Beyond his personal beliefs, though, Sessions' own Senate voting record paints the picture of someone who isn't ruffled by violence against abortion providers.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Feinstein Questions Sessions on Abortion, Civil Rights Record 2:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According to reproductive rights group NARAL, Sessions "Repeatedly voted to allow violent, convicted anti-abortion offenders to escape their court-levied fines in bankruptcy." He also voted against creating a fund to increase security at clinics that were routinely under attack.
Saporta and other abortion rights advocates find it especially disheartening that extremist anti-abortion groups like Operation Rescue have publicly endorsed Sessions. Operation Rescue President Troy Newman issued a statement on Thursday cheering what he called the "strong pro-life convictions" of the new Attorney General.
"Under the Obama Administration, the Department of Justice turned a blind eye to abortion-related crimes, allowing abortion criminals to run amok over the lives of women and their babies. We look forward to a new era of justice where the laws of the land are enforced against those within the Abortion Cartel that have behaved as if they are above them," said Newman.
Newman is a former board member for the Center for Medical Progress, the group behind a controversial series of videos that Planned Parenthood claimed used deceptive editing to make it seem like the organization's representatives were engaging in black-market sales of fetal limbs.
None of this looks good to Saporta, who said that the Center for Medical Progress videos appeared to be the cause of 2015's sudden explosion in violence against clinics.
"We saw what happened in 2015 when they kept repeating these false accusations, the murder and the arsons," said Saporta. "We can't afford to go back to that place."
Editor's Note: A previous version of this story reported that David Daledien was indicted by a Texas court in connection to the Planned Parenthood videos. The charges were subsequently dismissed. Additionally, an early version described Newman as being a board member for the Center for Medical Progress. He is no longer listed as being associated with the group.
Boss tormented me with 'big fat gay man' insults: suit A staffer at a Westchester County home for troubled boys was mercilessly bullied by a supervisor who called him a “big fat gay man,'' a new lawsuit says. Todd Marbury...
Boarding school owner charged with sexually abusing students IOWA CITY, Iowa — The owner of an Iowa boarding school for teenagers coerced one female student into a sexual relationship, had others undress during “body image therapy” sessions and...
Investigation uncovers decades of sex abuse at top prep school WALLINGFORD, Conn. — A new report names 12 former faculty and staff members at an elite Connecticut boarding school who allegedly engaged in sexual misconduct with students that went on...
Molestation allegations rock prestigious boarding school MILTON, Mass. — A prestigious boarding and day school near Boston says four former workers engaged in sexual misconduct with several students decades ago. Milton Academy sent a letter to...
Dozens of girls sexually abused at boarding school in '70s, probe finds PROVIDENCE, R.I. — At least one in five girls who attended the elite boarding school St. George's in the 1970s was sexually abused by the same athletic trainer, according to...
Longtime teacher at Phillips Exeter Academy had sex with students EXETER, N.H. — An elite New Hampshire boarding school has alerted alumni that a longtime teacher has admitted to sexual misconduct with students in the 1970s and 1980s. Phillips Exeter...
Ex-students say boarding school tortured them in isolation boxes IOWA CITY, Iowa — A boarding school for troubled teenagers in Iowa that is being investigated by the FBI routinely kept pupils in small concrete “isolation boxes” for days or...
The most expensive boarding school in the world It counts some of the world's most famous faces and families among its alumni. Students who are privileged enough to attend this school spend their winters on the ski slopes...
WASHINGTON — Americans increased their spending at gasoline stations and restaurants in January, boosting retail sales even though auto buying fell.
Retail sales rose a seasonally adjusted 0.4 percent, down from a solid 1 percent gain in December, the Commerce Department said Wednesday.
Related Articles Palo Alto council wants housing, cautious about density
Pleasant Hill: Former Golfsmith now Golf Galaxy
Stanford: Woman throws hot coffee to stop purse snatcher
Amazon to open brick-and-mortar bookstore in Bay Area
Milpitas: Smart & Final Extra expected to open at former Nob Hill site by next month Overall sales pulled back from a December bump in holiday shopping online and at auto dealers. But Americans spent more than normally expected last month at clothiers, department stores, electronics outlets and sporting goods retailers.
The gains point to continued economic growth. But they also indicate that improving consumer sentiment after President Donald Trump's presidential election, especially optimism among Republicans, has yet to significantly boost retail sales.
“Sales are growing at a decent clip, but the surge in consumers' confidence since the election is yet to translate into stronger spending,” said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
Higher gas prices drove a 2.3 percent sales increase at service stations last month. Gasoline prices climbed 7.8 percent between January and December, according to a separate Labor Department report released Wednesday. The retail sales report does not adjust its figures for prices.
Purchases at restaurants and bars climbed 1.4 percent. Building materials stores saw a slight 0.3 percent gain.
But sales at auto dealers slipped 1.2 percent, a sharp pull back after jumping 2.9 percent in December.
Sales at non-store retailers such as internet outlets were flat in January, although they have climbed 12 percent over the past year as more Americans prefer to shop via their computers and phones.
Over the past 12 months, total retail sales have risen a solid 5.6 percent. The greater spending likely reflects the improving job market. Employers added 227,000 workers in January, while the unemployment rate ticked up slightly to 4.8 percent because more people started looking for jobs and were counted as unemployed.
Samantha Jean Johnson, 39, was arrested Friday morning. Johnson is accused of making fraudulent charges to company credit cards while working at Builder's Supply Source. She reportedly used the cards to transfer more than $500,000 of company money to a personal bank account.
If convicted, Thompson faces up to 30 years in prison and a $1 million fine.
Video
But with a much happier ending.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
GENOA, Italy — The Italian league game between host Genoa and Atalanta has been postponed by 24 hours due to bad weather.
The match was scheduled for Monday at 7 p.m. local time (1800 GMT) but will now be played Tuesday at the same time.
Snow has been falling in northern Italy and is expected to get heavier on Monday.
Genoa is 16th in Serie A, two points above the relegation zone and seven below mid-table Atalanta.
The Baker Spartan volleyball team took on the Lame Deer Morning Stars and the Lodge Grass Indians on Sept. 29 for their homecoming matches.
By Hannah Gonsioroski
The Baker Spartan volleyball team took on the Lame Deer Morning Stars and the Lodge Grass Indians on Sept. 29 for their homecoming matches. The Spartans played well, won both games in three, and were able to get two conference wins, ending homecoming on a high note. Lame Deer match scores were (25-6) (25-14) and (25-13). Lodge Grass scores were (25-9) (25-6) and (25-7).
During the Lame Deer game Katie Wang led the team in aces with 8, Madison Moore – 2, Macee Hadley – 2, Maddie Reddick – 2 and Amber Durden 2. Madison had the most digs with 13, Katie – 12, Maddie – 11, Wrenzi Wrzesinski – 9, Amber Durden – 8, and Macee Hadley – 5. Macee had 18 assists, and Madison had 3. Katie and Madison each had 1 block. Amber and Maddie both had 6 kills, Madison – 5, Katie – 5, Wrenzi – 5, and Macee – 4.
During the Lodge Grass game Macee led the team in aces with 16, Katie – 8, Amber – 2, Maddie – 2, Madison – 1, and Wrenzi – 1. Madison and Wrenzi both had 12 digs, Amber – 8, Macee – 8, Katie – 6, and Maddie – 6. Macee had 19 assists and Amber had 3. Katie had 1 block. Maddie had 13 kills, Katie – 5, Amber – 4, Madison – 2, Macee – 2, and Wrenzi – 1.
The Lady Spartans host St. Labre on Oct. 7 at 2:00, 3:30 and 5:00.
Image caption Telegram is a messaging app used widely in Russia and across the world.
Apple and Russia are locked in a stand-off over the company's App Store.
The Russian telecoms regulator Roskomnadzor has asked the US firm to remove the popular messenger app Telegram from the Russian version of the store.
Despite attempts by Russian authorities to block the app since mid-April, it remains in widespread use.
Roskomnadzor has given Apple a month to reply and it is unclear what will happen if it ignores the request.
Apple has previously complied with Chinese requests to remove VPN services from its App Store.
Telegram was developed in Russia and is one of the world's most popular messaging services.
It is available on tablets, computers and mobiles, giving users end-to-end encryption. This means only the sender and recipient of messages can see them. Messages remain private from third parties such as the Russian government.
The company left Russia because of the country's internet regulations and is now based in Dubai.
Thousands gathered in Moscow in April to protest against the ban on the app. Telegram's founder Pavel Durov, who was born in St Petersburg, took to Twitter to thank those who turned out.
Skip Twitter post by @durov Thank you, each and one of the 12,000+ people who stood up to support the freedom of internet and Telegram today in central Moscow. You make me proud and excited to be Russian. https://t.co/1Vwa1FQgIO — Pavel Durov (@durov) April 30, 2018 Report
Telegram claims on the FAQ section of its website that "Apple has been blocking Telegram from updating its iOS app globally since mid-April".
It is possible that, as a result, the app is not GDPR compliant. On the Android Google Play Store by comparison, the app was last updated on May 26, the day after the GDPR implementation date.
Apple has declined to comment.
A privacy expert has said the move marks the "ongoing power tussle between big technology companies and nation states".
"I wouldn't rule out Russia blocking access to the App Store," Dr Joss Wright, Research Fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute, told the BBC.
"Of course you would have a lot of annoyed Russian iPhone owners." he added.
THE HEAD OF Amnesty International's Irish branch has warned that its continuing row with public spending watchdog Sipo over a grant ruling could have serious implications for smaller charities and civic society groups.
Colm O'Gorman has been involved in an ongoing public row with the Standards in Public Office (Sipo) Commission over a grant of €137,000 it received from the George Soros-backed Open Societies Foundation (OSF).
The billionaire investor is a major backer of liberal causes around the world. His foundation part-funded a campaign by Amnesty International Ireland (AII) that focused on reproductive rights and repealing the Eighth Amendment.
O'Gorman, Amnesty's Executive Director, said Sipo first told him there would be no problem with accepting the money, only for a different senior official at the spending watchdog to raise concerns about it over a year later.
Correspondence between Amnesty and the watchdog, seen by TheJournal.ie, sets out the timeline of the argument.
In November of last year, Sherry Perreault, Sipo's Head of Ethics and Lobbying Regulation, wrote to AII asking it to return the grant, which it described as “a prohibited donation”, as it contravened the Electoral Act 1997.
Under that legislation, organisations which receive a donation of more than €100 for “political purposes” must register as a third party.
Section of Sipo's letter to Amnesty, November 2017
Section of Sipo's letter to Amnesty, November 2017
In October 2016, Perreault's colleague Derek Charles had written to Amnesty saying that, based on the documents provided by Amnesty about the grant, the organisation didn't have to register with the Commission as a third party.
Section of Sipo's letter to Amnesty, October 2016
The previous August, Sipo wrote to AII seeking clarification about the grant, following an article in the Irish Independent.
In its response, Amnesty set out what the money would be used for – to partially fund its My Body My Rights campaign, which ran in 2016 and 2017 and focused on reproductive rights and repealing the Eighth Amendment (the section of the Constitution that gives equal rights to the mother and the unborn).
In a press release issued on 13 December 2017, the watchdog said it “recently received new information” that indicated the donation was used for “political purposes”. The Commission said it “sought and received written confirmation from the donor that the funding was for explicitly political purposes”.
OSF has refuted this claim. Two days after the press release was circulated, its acting president Patrick Gaspard wrote to Sipo to say that the organisation “has not confirmed to [Sipo] that either of the foregoing grants was for political purposes, and any assertion that we have done so is a mischaracterisation of our communications with you”.
At the time, OFS said it was concerned that the watchdog may have been referring to internal documents that were stolen from its servers and illegally published on the DC Leaks website in 2016.
In the leaked document, the OSF said it was funding Amnesty, the Irish Family Planning Association and the Abortion Rights Campaign (which later gave back its €23,000 grant) “to work collectively on a campaign to repeal Ireland's constitutional amendment granting equal rights to an implanted embryo as the pregnant woman”.
“With one of the most restrictive abortion laws in the world, a win there could impact other strongly Catholic countries in Europe, such as Poland, and provide much needed proof that change is possible, even in highly conservative places,” the document stated.
Seeking legal advice
Speaking to TheJournal.ie, O'Gorman said he has “no idea” why Sipo reversed its decision about the OSF grant, or why it did so just one month before the Body My Rights campaign was to conclude.
He stated that the watchdog's call for Amnesty to return the grant is “unreasonable” and “unjust”.
Amnesty is now seeking legal advice about the situation, which O'Gorman says sets a dangerous precedent for how the Electoral Act is implemented.
“It's absolutely clear to us that the application of the Electoral Act in this way violates international human rights law and certainly violates civil society freedoms.
“On that basis we believe that, as a human rights organisation, we have a responsibility to challenge that law by all appropriate means and we have said we cannot simply comply with this instruction from Sipo.
That doesn't mean that we believe we're above the law, we don't by any stretch of the imagination believe that. But it does mean that we have a responsibility to challenge it and, in order to do that, we have sought and continue to get legal advice, and we will challenge both this decision and, indeed, the application of the law in this way by appropriate means.
O'Gorman said Amnesty receives most of its funding from its 24,000 members and donors, rather than grants such as the one it received from OSF, but that many smaller groups rely on grants to stay afloat.
Section of letter from OSF to Amnesty discussing the grant, December 2015
He said if Sipo decides to block funding or access to funding for organisations who are seeking to change government policy or to secure a change in the law or the Constitution, that could ”cripple” civic society groups – something he described as “really worrying”.
“If that were to be applied to organisations in Ireland, it would pretty much shut down the majority of civil society organisations that work for human rights, that work for equality, that work for environmental rights, social justice, anything that seeks to inform or challenge or influence decisions that are made in the Oireachtas or decisions that are made by government or even by a local council.
It would be catastrophic. And that's why we have a responsibility to challenge it.
O'Gorman said such a scenario would also be “at odds” with the government's foreign policy as Irish Aid helps fund civil society organisations in other countries who work on human rights and equality issues.
He said the current legislation is “incredibly broad” and could mean, for example, that a local group of parents campaigning to get a new playground or speed bumps installed in a housing estate may have to register as a third party if they get a donation of more than €100 in any 12-month period.
O'Gorman added that Sipo itself previously flagged concerns about the legislation.
‘Harass and nuisance organisations'
O'Gorman said, as it stands, people can make complaints to Sipo about organisations that have received grants because they disagree with the work they're doing or may have “a gripe with the organisation”.
He noted that, over the course of a year, the watchdog and Amnesty received over 1,400 emails related to a petition on Citizen Go, a conservative website, which called for Amnesty to return the money.
“This Act can be used, if the organisation is transparent about its funding sources, to harass and nuisance those organisations and that's unacceptable.”
O'Gorman said that, when questioned by Sipo about the OSF grant in 2016, Amnesty “detailed the source of the grant, the amount, the timeframe, and we gave them chapter and verse of the very detailed political objectives and activities that the grant would be used to fund, and they told us then that we weren't required to register as a third party”.
Section of Amnesty letter to Sipo, September 2016
He added that Amnesty is not aware of any new information that has come to light which could have influenced Sipo's decision. He said the implication that Amnesty misled or lied to Sipo is untrue and described this suggestion as “very, very serious”.
When asked about the situation, Perreault, Sipo's Head of Ethics and Lobbying Regulation, told TheJournal.ie she “won't comment on individual compliance matters”.
She noted that the Commission has in the past “expressed the view that the third party provisions of the Act would benefit from some amendments, for example to define a third party as one which incurs expenditure for political purposes over a defined threshold (the Commission previously suggested €5,000)”.
In other words, the Commission is of the view that registration should be required based on the third party's spending for political purposes, rather than the intent of a donor.
“However, the Commission has never disputed the requirement for third parties to register. Moreover, the Commission has never expressed any reservation or recommended any change to the prohibition on political donations from foreign individuals and entities,” Perreault said.
She said Sipo's decisions “are made collectively” and that the press release issued on 13 December “was approved by the Commission”.
A spokesperson for OSF told us Sipo has to date not responded to the letter in which its acting president claims there was a “mischaracterisation” of its communications with the Commission.
Our position remains that the grant in question was not made for “political purposes” as defined by the Electoral Law (a position which Sipo previously agreed with) but to support – at Amnesty's request – the continuation of Amnesty's My Body My Rights Ireland campaign.
“At the time this grant was made there was no referendum campaign under way, nor any government commitment to hold a referendum on repealing the Eighth Amendment,” the spokesperson added.
O'Gorman said Amnesty intends to temporarily register as a third party in the run-up to the referendum on the Eighth Amendment this summer, as it will be actively campaigning for the amendment to be repealed. The organisation did the same thing while campaigning for a Yes vote in the Marriage Equality Referendum in 2015.
‘Shutting down civil society'
O'Gorman said he doesn't “for one moment believe that the Oireachtas in 2011, when it enacted these amendments [to the Act], intended to shut down civil society”.
“We don't believe that the Irish State is so hostile to civil society participation, to the right of ordinary people in this county to influence how the government legislates or to influence how policies are applied … that they would enact laws that sought to shut down civil society.”
However, as things currently stand, he believes the country could end up going down this route.
“We've no desire in cocking our noses at the law … but if the law itself can violate human rights and if the law, or a decision made in line with the provision of the law, violates human rights then that's something that we have to challenge by appropriate means, including challenging the law,” he stated.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
Image copyright PA Image caption Ivan Coleby, 81, died at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital, decades after being thrown through a car windscreen in a crash
An 81-year-old man died from injuries sustained in a car crash nearly 60 years ago, an inquest heard.
Retired farmworker Ivan Coleby, of Antingham, Norfolk, died in hospital in March.
He suffered a spinal injury in 1960 when he was thrown through the windscreen of a car, not fitted with seatbelts.
Mr Coleby suffered from paralysis due to the crash, which contributed towards his death, the hearing was told.
His death was caused by large bowel pseudo-obstruction, immobility and hypokalaemia, otherwise known as low potassium levels.
The inquest in Norwich on Wednesday heard Mr Coleby had suffered ill health following the accident and had gradually lost feeling in his arms and legs - known as quadriplegia - following an operation in 2006.
'Good care'
Mr Coleby, who had been nursed by his wife of 54 years, had been bed-bound for the last year of his life and suffered from severe pressure sores, the inquest heard.
In a narrative conclusion, Norfolk area coroner Yvonne Blake said: "A lot of his problems arose from the RTC (road traffic collision) many years ago."
"He was very lucky to have such good care."
Ms Blake told how Mr Coleby entered a care home in February when his wife needed an operation.
The following month he became unwell and was admitted to the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital.
He died two days later.
Mr Coleby's sister Christine Thurtle told the inquest she had been concerned about aspects of his care at the home and believed his bed sores had worsened.
However, Ms Blake said there was no evidence the sores had contributed to his death and she hoped his family would take "comfort" from this.
MasterChef paid tribute to the "talented" 29-year-old chef who passed away during the April 22nd race
More than £100,000 has been raised for the Brathay Trust, the charity supported by MasterChef: The Professionals contestant Matt Campbell who passed away while taking part in the London Marathon on Sunday 22nd April.
Advertisement
Matt, who was a semi-finalist in the 2017 series of the BBC show, collapsed at the 22.5 mile mark during the race on Sunday and later died in hospital. He had set up a JustGiving page to try and raise a target of £2,500.
By Tuesday morning, that figure was standing at over £100,000. You can click here to donate.
Meanwhile the MasterChef UK Twitter account paid tribute to the talented 29-year-old chef, with the show saying that he produced “some of the most innovative and ground-breaking food that we saw on the series”, and gave their “sincere condolences” to his friends and family.
Before the marathon on Sunday got underway, Matt had tweeted his excitement about the race alongside fellow MasterChef: The Professionals star Tom Peters.
On Monday, Tom also paid tribute to Matt saying he was “an inspiration to many” and that the “world has lost a star”.
Matt had been hoping to run the marathon in memory of his father Martin, who passed away 18 months ago. Writing on his JustGiving page, he said: “He was the most inspirational man in my life and was the one who said – “Go on, why don't you give it a go? I know you can do it!” and entered me into my first marathon; Brathay 2016 along with my brother, Josh.
Advertisement
“It was maybe the proudest day of my life standing at the finish line having achieved something I never imagined possible with my Dad & my Brother by my side.”
PRAIRIE VIEW, Texas — Gary Blackston scored 18 of his 29 points in the first half as Prairie View A&M dominated early to beat Texas Southern 96-82 on Saturday night.
Blackston and Zachary Hamilton each drained three 3-pointers early in the first half as part of a 33-15 start for the Panthers (9-15, 6-4 Southwestern Athletic Conference) that also included a 3 by Troy Thompson and two dunks by JD Wallace. They stretched it to 53-34 at intermission.
Prairie View led by double figures throughout the second half and a Blackston layup gave the Panthers their biggest lead, 90-67, with 3:20 to play. Texas Southern got as close as 94-80 in the final minute.
Hamilton finished with 26 points on 9 of 15 shooting for the Panthers. Wallace added 17 points and led with 13 rebounds and Thompson had 10 points, five rebounds and five assists.
Donte Clark scored 27 points to lead the Tigers (6-17, 6-4). Derrick Bruce had 19 and Lamont Walker 17.
INSTEAD of inviting funding bids for small scale festivals, Limerick City and County Council should streamline its processes to allow for events with “real impact".
That's according to Labour councillor Joe Leddin, who spoke at the local authority's cultural committee meeting.
During a debate on strategic priorities for investment in arts projects, the City West member complained that for too long the council has given funding to small scale events “which have no visibility”.
He called on the authority to put a funding call out for festivals around just two themes: New Year's Eve, and a summer event, looking at a festival in June, July or August.
“We have all sorts of proposals. I'm all for new festivals, but they must have some footprint and visibility,” Cllr Leddin said, “we have spent money on events which have had no visibility. We have funded events which have not shown the ability to have any positive economic impact. There is nothing on in June, July or August. We need to make a decision.”
Cllr James Collins, Fianna Fail, countered there are very few festivals in Limerick in the autumn time.
Cllr Leddin was told by director of service Caroline Curley that there was not yet funds in place for New Year's Eve celebrations, curtailed this year due to the weather.
In terms of new festivals, Cllr Leddin suggested a cluster of events up around the Crescent area of the city, as what happened when the European Capital of Culture bid team visited.
With just days to go to Limerick's annual St Patrick's Day Parade when the committee met, Keith Bogue, who sits as a sectoral interest member on the cultural committee, said planning for the 2019 event must begin in earnest now.
“This is the only way we will be able to persuade more Limerick creatives to take part. We need to make far more of an effort to get Limerick people working and participating in it,” he added.
Sheila Deegan pointed out Fidget Feet was taking part in the 2018 parade, and the cultural department was working with 25 local groups on this year's spectacular.
Cllr Collins seconded the request – and said that the cultural department's request for money last month from metropolitan councillors was “farcical” in its timing.
Separately, Limerick City and County Council is putting in place a cultural and creativity strategic policy, in place from this year to 2022.
The scheme is tasked with enabling creativity in every community.
Six priority areas for Limerick were identified, including helping children and young people, fostering creative and cultural innovation and placing a focus on film and gaming.
“These priorities along with those of the Limerick Cultural Strategy and other key areas of investment and effort by Limerick City and County Council over the next five years,” said cultural and arts officer Sheila Deegan.
Concern was raised in the meeting that the fact a focus was being placed on film and gaming could disproportionately benefit Troy Studios, which has more financial might than most local arts groups.
Ms Deegan said filming and gaming is one of just five pillars – and equal weight will be given to each.
According to Lebanon police Sgt. P.J. Hardy, the incident happened just after 8 p.m. at 320 Hobbs Ave. Wilson Emergency Management Agency paramedics took an unidentified woman to Tennova Healthcare-Lebanon after she suffered multiple stab wounds to her arm and back. Hardy said the injuries were not life threatening, and the victim remained at the hospital Sunday in good condition.
Hardy said the suspect was caught on South Cumberland Street and identified as Alaya Nicole Alexander, 42. According to Hardy, Alexander was detained for questioning, and detectives later charged her with attempted first-degree murder and simple possession of schedule II drugs. Alexander also had several active warrants out of Rutherford County.
Alexander was booked in at the Wilson County Jail at just before 11 p.m. on $256,000 total bond. She remained in jail Sunday.
By Jason Herring, October 6 2017 —
A union contract between Aramark and the workers' union that represents its employees at the University of Calgary was ratified on Sept. 23. The contract will grant on-campus Aramark employees provisions like wage increases and employer-funded benefits.
The United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW) Local 401 spent over a year negotiating for a union contract since unionizing in April 2016. The UFCW represents food service workers at Aramark-run vendors on campus, including Tim Hortons and Starbucks.
According to UFCW spokesperson Tom Hesse, 99 per cent of voting employees voted in favour of the new contract, something that he called the final step in the workplace's unionization. Hesse estimates that about half of the union's 200 staff voted.
“It was a very positive vote. Employees endorsed the hard work of their fellow Aramark employees,” Hesse said. “Employees felt gratified that their patience and persistence translated into almost 50 pages of new rights in their workplace.”
Other provisions in the contract include a clause that requires superiors to treat employees with dignity and respect, as well as a grievance resolution procedure involving a third party.
The union contract is set to end in 2019. Hesse says the UFCW plans to negotiate another contract at that time, with the hope that an improved economy gives workers more leverage.
“Now our obligation shifts a little bit. This is now a unionized workplace. We want to find ways to support Aramark and their success here, as they provide workers with employment and, now, a fair labour relations scheme,” Hesse said. “Now we shift from leverage mode to support mode.”
Aramark provided a short comment on the ratification of the union contract.
“We are pleased to have reached an agreement that works for all parties,” wrote Aramark vice-president communications Karen Cutler in an email statement.
Comments
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: ghbase.com
Reverend Owusu Bempah, Founder of Glorious Word Ministry International
Around the world, Men of God make several prophecies everyday and there are some that actually raise heads. Some prophecies can be soothing to the ear whiles some to can make one very angry especially when it's a negative one.
On the 31st of December, 2016 Reverend Owusu Bempah who many have tagged as the most controversial pastor in Ghana made some very alarming prophecies at his church. Many were unhappy about some of the things he said, positing that a man of God is not supposed to be making such prophecies.
He prophesied that the NDC will be in opposition for the next 16 years. This he said among many other things at his Glorious Word Ministry International.
But then, Owusu Bempah is not the only prophet or say man of God who has some prophecy in regards to what will happen to the NDC.
Another man of God Reverend Christian Kwabena Andrew, founder of Life Assembly Worship Center also prophesied sometime in December last year, that the NDC will be in opposition for a very long time. He declared that they will be in opposition for the next 40 years, Ghbase.com has learned.
‘Akufo-Addo will enjoy his eight years, Bawumia will have his eight years, Alan Kyeremanteng will also have his eight years and others,' he said in Twi during a radio programme in Accra.'
According to him, it would be best if the other political parties dissolve their parties to enable the NPP carry out it's working for this country.
So there you have it. Owusu Bempah's prophecy was made on the 31st December, 2016 and that of Rev. Christian Kwabena Andrew was made some few days to Christmas.
With Indonesia's central bank failing to stem the slide in the currency to a two-year low this week, bets of a rate hike are increasing.
PT Bank Mandiri expects the central bank to increase rates as early as this quarter to curb an exodus of investors from the country's stocks and bonds, while PT Bank Central Asia says it will be difficult to go against the global trend of tightening monetary policy.
Indonesia's rupiah tumbled to a two-year low against the dollar this week despite the central bank intervening in the market since early February to ease heightened volatility. That's raised concern that Bank Indonesia may be trying in vain to defend the currency as emerging markets face pressure from a surging U.S. dollar.
“The Federal Reserve may accelerate its plan to increase its rate because economic data is good in the U.S. and inflation is picking up there,” said Bank Mandiri President Director Kartika Wirjoatmodjo. “If Indonesia doesn't respond, we will be seen as lagging behind. That will trigger a selloff in bonds and equities.”
Worst Performers
The Indonesian currency along with the Philippine peso and Indian rupee are among the underperformers among developing economies globally this year. With U.S. 10-year Treasury yields breaching 3 percent on Tuesday, the rupiah may face renewed selling pressure.
The rupiah was little changed on Wednesday. It has lost more than 2 percent against the dollar in 2018.
Bank Indonesia signaled a more hawkish tone last week when it left rates unchanged as inflation has been subdued and the current-account deficit well within its target. It last moved in September when it cut rates to support growth.
The losses for rupiah would have been greater had Bank Indonesia not made a "sizeable" intervention in the currency and bond markets, according to Governor Agus Martowardojo, who pledged to take more action.
The central bank may raise interest rates earlier than forecast because of tightening monetary policy elsewhere in the world and the rupiah volatility, according to Enrico Tanuwidjaja, an economist at United Overseas Bank Ltd. in Jakarta, who had penciled an increase in the fourth quarter.
But there are others who see another rate cut should the rupiah stabilize.
"Provided we see the currency stabilize, which we think is probably quite likely, then I wouldn't rule out another cut,” said Gareth Leather, senior Asia economist with Capital Economics Ltd. in London.
Bank Indonesia is fighting a broad-based depreciation in currencies as global interest rates are on an upward trend, said Jahja Setiaatmadja, president director of Bank Central Asia.
“Sometimes, it's difficult to challenge the current unless Bank Indonesia wants to keep intervening with the risk of declining foreign reserves,” Setiaatmadja said. “It's a difficult decision, but that's the market.”
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
2:20 2 teens charged with murder in death of Sam Poss
1:00 $50 million downtown project
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
Related Coverage Search underway in Carroll County for two missing girls
CARROLL COUNTY, Ind. (WLFI) — Many in Carroll County are feeling loss, hurt and anger after two bodies were found near Deer Creek. Police made the announcement at the same time they said they were pulling back search efforts for two missing 13-year-old girls.
A candlelight vigil was held Tuesday evening at the United Methodist Church in Delphi.
“It's really hard,” said Hannah McCleskey.
“It's hard to even think that someone in Delphi would do something like that,” said Dylan Baker.
The unthinkable happened when 13-year-olds Liberty German and Abigail Williams went missing Monday.
“It's really hard … because I have a daughter of my own,” said Courtney Pearson. “It's just really hard.”
Authorities and community members spent hours searching for the girls.
During a press conference Tuesday afternoon, Indiana State Police Sgt. Kim Riley announced two bodies were found a mile east of Delphi on the edge of Deer Creek around 12:15 p.m.
Although identities of the bodies remain unknown, they were found less than a mile upstream from the Monon High Bridge, the last place the teens were seen Monday.
“When we found out it was more one of the things, like, I didn't even know how to feel because my bones were shaking,” Baker said.
“I found out in my class and I just cried my eyes out,” Keri Toole said.
Toole went to school with Liberty and Abigail. She said it's going to take a while to heal. Helping students heal is now the mission of Greg Briles, the superintendent of Delphi Community Schools.
“We started the day out with hope that these two young ladies would be found safe and sound,” Briles said. “Unfortunately, it ended with disbelief.”
Briles said counseling services will be available for all students throughout the rest of the week.
“Our first priority is the safety of our kids moving forward,” he said. “We will be on a soft lockdown in our building throughout the rest of the week.”
But others in the community are also trying to heal.
“I'm angry, I guess. It's really sad,” said Hannah McCleskey.
The candlelight vigil gave people a chance to remember Libby and Abigail.
Holly McCleskey remembers her good friend Libby as “very kind and hilarious.”
“She was very open and positive and just really kind,” McCleskey said.
Autopsies for both bodies are scheduled for Tuesday morning at 8 a.m. in Terre Haute.
ERIN, Wis. -- The ugly truth of player press conferences is little of substance is actually said. "The course is in good shape, I like where my game is at, the crowds are great." No matter the tournament or venue, the conversation remains the same. Luckily, the same cannot be said for the dialogue of fans.
From curious observations, witty remarks and the occasional catcall that makes you bury your head in shame, golf galleries never cease to provide entertainment. Here are some of our favorite things overheard through the first three U.S. Open practice rounds at Erin Hills.
I don't think he was being facetious
Wife: "Can you hit it that far?" Man: "I can't see that far." --
-- In reference to Hideki Matsuyama's drive on the 18th Tuesday afternoon.
The power of branding
"Give 'em hell, Jordan!" -- A fan to Gary Woodland, who's decidedly not Jordan Spieth but is sponsored by Under Armour.
Pinterest Gregory Shamus
Killing them with kindness
"It seems you've lost your way. Let me guide you back to a safer area, sir!" -- Marshall to a fan who was clearly trying to get inside the ropes.
Truer Words have never been spoken
"You know, if it starts to rain, we're going to get wet." -- A fan on the sixth hole on Monday, as Jordan Spieth's group was on the tee.
Someone tell Jason he's halfway to the slam
Man No. 1: "Did Spieth win this last year?" Man No. 2: "No, you're thinking of two years ago. Day got it last year." -- Two men seated at the driving range on Monday morning.
Comfortable in your own skin
"Get me a beer, will ya? And no light ****. Not trying to lose weight or anything." -- Fan at the concession stands Monday, who admittedly looked like he could drop an lb. or two.
Pinterest Sam Greenwood
Ignorance is bliss
"We can hit it farther than him. He just gets up and down more often." -- Man following the Jim Furyk and Steve Stricker on Monday afternoon.
That's one way to make a buck
Man No. 1: "You think there will be a streaker this week?" Man No. 2: "I'll do it for $50,000." Man No. 1: "I'll give you $5 if you never put that image in my head again." -- Tuesday afternoon by the first tee.
Man of the people
"You know what I love about Phil? He hits it just as bad off the tee as I do." -- Man watching Brooks Koepka on Tuesday afternoon.
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
Chris Liddell Named White House Deputy Chief of Staff
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly is said to have tapped Chris Liddell to be his deputy chief of staff for policy. Bloomberg's Toluse Olorunnipa reports on "Bloomberg Markets: European Close." (Source: Bloomberg)
LONDON: The Dubai government issued a decree on Thursday that aims to “provide housing solutions for the beneficiaries of grants and their families and to preserve the demography of citizens' residential areas,” said a report from state news agency WAM.Dubai's Ruler HH Sheikh Mohammed has authorized the emirate's national housing body Mohammed bin Rashid Housing Establishment (MRHE) to permit housing grant benefactors to “sell the house or land granted to him if the beneficiary owns another house or plot of land or if the house does not satisfy his requirements.”The decree stipulates, “The purpose of selling the house or land should be to buy another house or plot of land and the beneficiary must agree in writing to the transaction being supervised by the MRHE. The beneficiary will not be able to apply for another house or plot of land once the house or land granted to him is sold.”The law also states that the buyer must be a UAE national and the property should not be attached to any legal or financial liabilities and the sale price should not be less than the market value.The decree specifies the terms and conditions for selling inherited property, trading properties, purchasing adjacent government-owned property and renting a house built on granted land.MRHE was established in 2007 with the aim of providing appropriate housing to Dubai nationals through various means, such as granting residential plots, governmental houses and giving housing loans.
Extra security is in place for the president's first visit to Trump Tower since his inauguration. Tracie Strahan reports. (Published 2 hours ago)
What to Know The president has been spending time at his Bedminster, New Jersey, golf course, on a working vacation and is due at Trump Tower Monday
Donald Trump has been under fire for his response to weekend violence at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia
At least three separate rallies are planned outside Trump Tower Monday evening; protesters also marched Sunday in Manhattan
The president is expected to head to New York City Monday for a two-night stay at Trump Tower, and at least three rallies are planned outside the Fifth Avenue building amid heightened tensions following weekend violence in Virginia -- and Donald Trump's response to it.
Trump's visit will mark his first trip to his Manhattan home and office since his inauguration. He initially was supposed to head to the city Sunday, but briefly postponed the trip as deadly chaos unfolded amid a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville. It's not clear if that's why he delayed the trip to New York City, but the president has been under fire for his response to the violence.
Images: Violence Erupts at White Nationalist Rally in Va.
The violence Saturday stemmed from what is believed to have been the biggest gathering of white nationalists in a decade, a movement in protest of the planned removal of a Confederate monument. A young woman died when a driver intentionally plowed into a group of counter-protesters; two Virginia State Troopers patrolling the protests from the air died in a helicopter accident.
In a statement later Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
Trump Responds to Violence in Charlottesville
President Donald Trump responded to the violent clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia. (Published Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017)
A White House statement Sunday went further, naming "white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" among the outlets he condemned, a sentiment echoed by Attorney General Jeff Sessions in a "Today" show interview Monday, but the president has been slammed for not personally and explicitly calling out those groups by name.
Mayor de Blasio and U.S. Sen Cory Booker were among the elected officials who said Trump's response to the violence was not strong enough. Meanwhile, protesters marched in Manhattan Sunday, events organized by Black Lives Matter and Refuse Fascism, and more demonstrations were planned leading up to -- and throughout -- the president's trip to New York.
Drone Footage of Charlottesville Car Attack
Drone video shows the moment James Alex Fields Jr. allegedly plowed into a crowd of people peacefully protesting a white nationalist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. (Published Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017)
According to the latest guidance from the White House, the president will head to Washington D.C., from Bedminster, New Jersey, where he has been spending a working vacation at his golf course. He'll then have some meetings, including one with his chief of staff, and handle some other official business before heading back to New York City at night.
Street closures are planned in the area and the NYPD has said it is prepared for the visit. Police sources say the department has an existing detail protecting the president's home and office at Trump Tower, and resources are flexible in the case of a protest or other unplanned event. Meanwhile, the MTA has warned bus service will be affected by closures and delays over the next few days and de Blasio has told New Yorkers to avoid midtown if possible.
commuter alert Street Closures for Trump's NYC Visit
Various groups had planned at least three rallies outside Trump Tower Monday evening.
Top News Pics: Shock and Sadness Post Charlottesville Attack
Former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd joked about interacting with many Chinese youth who seemed to prioritize materialism over Marxist ideals — just one of many examples of China's multidimensionality — while discussing China's future prospects. In a talk titled “Understanding China under Xi Jinping,” Rudd delved into the current political situation under China's president yesterday afternoon as a part of the Watson Distinguished Speaker Series and the China Initiative.
The event was mediated by Brian Atwood, senior fellow for international studies and public affairs. In an introduction, Atwood stressed Rudd's role in helping Australia overcome the financial crisis and advocating for action against climate change by ratifying the Kyoto Protocol, a United Nations agreement aimed at reducing emissions.
“I'm the definition of an area studies guy,” Rudd said in reference to his engagement with China “as a scholar, businessman, bureaucrat, diplomat, foreign minister and prime minister.” Rudd's work with China includes his positions as president of the Asia Society Policy Institute and co-chair of the China Global Affairs Council of the World Economic Forum. Rudd is also fluent in Mandarin Chinese and has authored a policy report titled “Alternative Futures for U.S.-China Relations.”
Rudd opened his talk by explaining how scholars can better understand the complex issues and identity of China, urging them to “understand the world as seen from Beijing” and not from an outside perspective. “The beginning of wisdom in understanding China's view of the world is to understand China's view of itself,” Rudd added.
“Xi Jinping is at the apex of the Chinese political system. It's important that we have a good understanding of how he sees his country, his party and China's place in the world,” Rudd said. To enhance comprehension of Xi's worldview, Rudd proposed a seven concentric circle model based on Maslow's hierarchy of needs — a psychological theory reflecting human motivations. He stated that the first and foundational circle is the Chinese Communist Party and its continuing clout, which is Xi's primary concern. Rudd listed several other aspects, including economic policy and living standards, until he reached the seventh circle — China's place in the world at large.
Xi's rise to power is closely linked with the strengthening of China's national identity, Rudd said. He emphasized the role of propaganda in combining China's nationalism with communist party imagery to create a “combined Chinese contemporary political consciousness.”
During the discussion session following his talk, Rudd elaborated on China's international relations. He explained that China's relationship with North Korea results from China's desire to have a neighboring ally, which is greater than its hope to have an ally without nuclear weaponry.
While exploring U.S.-China relations, Rudd explained that China's strategic policy looks at President Trump as a “strategic opportunity” as well as an “uncertainty.” The former results from the Trump administration's role in abating the ideas of Western liberal democracy, while the latter stems from Trump's strategic unpredictability, Rudd said.
Karen Ka '21, a Herald copy editor, said she was especially convinced by Rudd's multidimensional analysis. “He really went into depth about all the different factors you have to consider in international relations. It was really interesting and eye-opening,” she said.
“The reality of China today breaks out of any box,” Rudd said, describing the Chinese “international identity.” Besides Marxist ideology, Rudd emphasized the essentiality of culture and history in shaping China's international worldview and politics.
The Oakland Raiders are set to relocate to Las Vegas by the 2020 season, which sets up an awkward three-year period for Raider Nation as many will reconsider their Raiders fandom.
Quarterback Derek Carr, though, expects the “true Raiders fans” to still support the team both before and after the move to Las Vegas.
He acknowledged the awkwardness that comes with playing in a city and in front of a local fanbase that will be left behind in three years, but he still thought most of the fans would stick with the Raiders.
He said via the Mercury News:
“We're not going to split up like you've seen other cities do. We're not going to do things like that. For the ones that do, I don't really believe that they are true Raider fans. I feel their hurt. I'm with you. I hurt too. But at the same, we're all in this together and we're just going to do it together.”
With the Rams and Chargers, we've seen people completely abandon their lifelong fandom. Will the Raiders be the same come 2020? We'll have to see, but unlike the Chargers and Rams, the Raiders boast a nation fanbase.
In the meantime, the Raiders are set to play the 2017 season in Oakland with an option to stay in 2018. After that, they can explore a new home before the expected move to Las Vegas in 2020.
Q: Is John Kerry facing felony charges under the Logan Act?
A: No. The former secretary of state has not been charged.
FULL ANSWER
Nobody has ever been convicted under the Logan Act, which bars citizens from negotiating with foreign powers on behalf of the U.S. government.
Only two people have ever been charged under it — one in 1803 and one in 1852.
But every so often the act is trotted out with speculation that someone may be charged. Most recently, there was speculation about Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump's short-lived national security adviser who left the administration after it was revealed that he had communicated with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office.
Flynn was not charged under the act, although he pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contact with the Russian ambassador.
Now, a dozen identical websites — 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 — that operate under the name “PoliticsFocus” have posted a story claiming that former Secretary of State John Kerry is facing felony charges under the act, and other dubious websites have copied the story.
The websites refer to coverage of a recent controversy in which the Israeli press reported that Kerry spoke to Hussein Agha, a friend of Palestinian Authority chairman Mahmoud Abbas, and through that discussion, urged the leader to “stay strong in his spirit and play for time” in dealing with the Trump administration.
Facebook users flagged the PoliticsFocus story as potentially false.
While it's true that newspapers have published reports of Kerry's meeting with Agha, a spokesman for Kerry has denied that he made any anti-Trump remarks.
The spokesman told Fox News: “The original story wasn't accurate, and I've read that Mr. Agha himself has made that clear. These are neither Secretary Kerry's views nor anything he would say.”
Beyond that, the headline on the PoliticsFocus story says: “BREAKING: Major Announcement Out Of The White House — John Kerry Facing Felony Charges.” That's false. There was no announcement from the White House, and no charges have been filed against Kerry.
The websites that posted the story have hundreds of similarly false or misleading headlines. That's typical for dubious websites that claim to be news outlets. What's unusual is that when they first started publishing, in July 2017, the stories and headlines were aimed at appealing to liberals — such as “Egomaniac Trump Wants To Have Military Parade In His Honor On Independence Day” and “Trump's Treatment Of Melania Is So Disgusting The Entire Nation Is In Shock [VIDEO].”
But, starting in October, they flipped and started running stories with headlines such as, “Trump Just Got a HUGE Supreme Court Victory — Media Silent” and “Former US Atty: Obama Committed Crime of ‘UNBELIEVABLE Dimensions' Against Trump.”
There is no information about the owners, publishers or authors of these websites — which is a red flag that often signifies an unreliable source of news.
Each of the sites is registered through a company that hides the identity and location of the owner.
They also run several Facebook pages — with names like “American News Source,” “American Journalist” and “America The Great” — which have a combined following of 2.6 million.
Editor's note: FactCheck.org is one of several organizations working with Facebook to help identify and label viral fake news stories flagged by readers on the social media network.
Sources
Seitzinger, Michael. “Conducting Foreign Relations Without Authority: The Logan Act.” Congressional Research Service. 11 Mar 2015.
Duda, Jeremy. “A Foreign Affair.” History Today. 13 Jun 2017.
Phillips, Amber. “Did Michael Flynn just admit to violating the Logan Act? And what is the Logan Act?” The Washington Post. 1 Dec 2017.
Shear, Michael and Goldman, Adam. “Michael Flynn Pleads Guilty to Lying to the F.B.I. and Will Cooperate With Russia Inquiry.” The New York Times. 1 Dec 2017.
United States v. Flynn. 1:17-cr-00232. U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. 1 Dec 2017.
“BREAKING: Major Announcement Out Of The White House — John Kerry Facing Felony Charges.” PoliticsFocus.com. 29 Jan 2018
Caspit, Ben. “Kerry to Abbas confidante: ‘Stay strong and do not give in to Trump.'” The Jerusalem Post. 24 Jan 2018.
Singman, Brooke. “John Kerry rep pushes back on report of incendiary anti-Trump comments to Abbas associate.” Fox News. 26 Jan 2018.
Kiely, Eugene and Robertson, Lori. “How to Spot Fake News.” FactCheck.org. 18 Nov 2016.
Tonight's episode of Real Housewives of Atlanta picks up in San Francisco from when NeNe and Porsha were having a verbal sparring match over dinner. It gets so bad that NeNe makes Porsha cry. You know Nene goes as low as possible, and of course, she brings up the Kandi incident again. Marlo whisks NeNe away and the other women, except for Sheree, follow. Sheree stays behind to comfort Porsha, who really has no other allies in the group at this point. It's due to Kandi-gate, but also because the other women generally feel like Porsha never owns up to her ish. That point seems true when Porsha starts telling Sheree that she feels like they're bullying her and that they're coming at her “for being Porsha.”
via GIPHY
This isn't going to get resolved anytime soon.
The next day, the group got together to go on an excursion. Porsha shows up, but NeNe decides to channel Cardi B's line, “If I see you and I don't speak that mean I don't f–k with you,” and keeps it moving. Kandi also keeps her distance, as usual.
On the bus on the way to their excursion, Kenya gets sad because she's reminded that she has to leave early to go bury her grandmother. Then Porsha gets emotional and walks away in tears. Porsha claims that she recently lost her uncle and is triggered by Kenya's loss. She really wishes these group of women did actually support each other. Cynthia follows Porsha and offers some words of comfort. Basically, Cynthia and Sheree seem to think there's hope that NeNe and Porsha can at least be cool again.
The ladies split up and NeNe is with Kenya, Kandi, and Cynthia, spilling tea about Sheree's #PrisonBae. According to NeNe, the man is a con artist. Not really a shocker given that he's in jail.
via GIPHY
Meanwhile, Marlo, who is with Porsha and Sheree, gets the bright idea to set up a surprise wedding for Kenya to cheer her up. Fast forward to the wedding. The gang's all here, except for Kenya, and they have a cardboard cutout of a man's shadow, with a question mark on its face.
Lordt.
via GIPHY
All of this sounds like it's about to be a hot mess, but Kenya actually finds it funny and plays along.
The episode winds down with the group at a wine vineyard with some frisky married man flirting with them like he has no sense. The group stomps some grapes and ends up at dinner. It starts off well, with a toast to Kandi for her Essence cover. Kenya has left by this point, so this is the perfect time for them to gossip about her. Basically, Kenya's marriage situation bothers them because they haven't met her husband yet. Marlo is the main offender making shady comments, and eventually wanting to play a game where they raise their hands if they really think Kenya is married. Cynthia gets so upset that she walks out because she's not trying to hear it.
NeNe goes to chat with Cynthia, who is off crying. Cynthia just wants them to leave Kenya alone and NeNe talks her off a ledge, and then in a twist of things, makes her realize that she actually also feels some type of way that Kenya is supposed to be her friend, but didn't invite her to the wedding.
So…looks like this season is going to be about everyone constantly harping on Kenya's mystery man and the wedding they weren't invited to.
RELATED POSTS
‘RHOAS10' Recap: NeNe And Porsha Take The Wheel For The Next Verbal Sparring Match
‘RHOAS10' Recap: Kim Zolciak Pops Off On Kenya At NeNe's All White Party
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
What in the world is going on with Detroit's two largest automakers in the world's largest automotive market? Roughly half a decade ago, Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) intensified its efforts to gain traction in China, seeing it as a future gold mine. It was a strategy Ford's crosstown rival General Motors (NYSE: GM) had already been successful with for years. While Ford has made some progress, March's sales results in China showed a very lopsided picture, in favor of General Motors. What's going on?
Continue Reading Below
By the numbers
Let's start with Ford's recent figures in China. During March the automaker sold 90,457 units, which was a steep, 21% decline compared to the prior year. That trend has been consistent through the first quarter, with Ford's total sales in China down a similar 19% year over year. Now, part of that is certainly the fact that China's government relaxed its purchase-tax incentive, hurting sales of Ford's smaller vehicles.
Image source: Ford Motor Company.
Originally, the purchase tax on new cars was 10%; about a year and a half ago it was cut in half to spur new-vehicle sales. The government moved that halfway back to its original point, up to 7.5%, and that's hindered Ford's sales because the incentive was for vehicles with engines 1.6 liters or smaller — roughly 70% of Ford's vehicles in China.
Excuses aside, Ford's clearly trailing the industry, and the increase in purchase tax hasn't stopped its rivals from moving forward. China's light-vehicle sales moved 1.7% higher during March, and 4.6% higher for the first quarter. Ford's crosstown rival thrived in China last month: GM and its joint ventures delivered a staggering 345,448 units in March, a 16% gain compared to the prior year. It was the automaker's largest year-over-year gain since last August. Heck, GM's Buick brand nearly outsold Ford and its joint ventures, with a 21% gain to a March record of 88,519 units.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Don't panic yet
Ford investors need not panic just yet: There were some positive signs in the company's otherwise gloomy March data out of China. If you look at Ford's first-quarter sales of vehicles not subject to China's tax incentive (those with engines larger than 1.6 liters), sales increased 21% compared to last year's first quarter. Much of that was driven by sales of the Mustang, Edge, Explorer, Everest, and Lincoln luxury vehicles.
Looking at a couple of specifics: Ford's Everest continues to surge, with sales up 53% in March and first-quarter sales up 15% — and Ford just launched a five-seat Everest option this month. Lincoln, which Ford hopes will be a big story over the next decade, posted a record quarter in China; Lincoln sales approached 12,000 units during the first quarter, an impressive 114% gain compared to the prior year.
While the first quarter for Ford was brutal and it drastically trailed the overall industry and key competition, this might be as bad as it gets in 2017. As the year goes on and another bump in China's purchase tax up to 10% looms for 2018, it could bring back demand for smaller vehicles during the second half of the year, which would benefit Ford. Plus, the company has long-term plans to substantially boost its electric-vehicle presence, its FordPass smart mobility project, and even testing of the Ranger in China; all of these could be huge positives for Ford down the road. However, getting through the first half of 2017 could be a little bumpy.
10 stocks we like better than Ford
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Ford wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Daniel Miller owns shares of Ford and General Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ford. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Zawraq is due to have two runs in the same season for the first time in his career when he contests the Martin Molony Stakes at Limerick on Saturday.
Dermot Weld's five-year-old was favourite for the Derby at one stage after winning a Guineas Trial at Leopardstown in April 2015.
Injury kept him off the track for the rest of his Classic season and he did not reappear until last October when he finished second in the Trigo Stakes.
Zawraq was then off the track until September when he ran a race full of promise behind Riven Light, who is now bound for Australia.
"It's a case of fingers crossed, every day he is sound is a bonus," said Angus Gold, owner Hamdan Al Maktoum's racing manager.
"It was a very encouraging first run back. Not surprisingly he looked a little rusty but he came home well.
"That was over nine furlongs and the step up in trip should suit him.
"I think we'd like to run him on better ground - there aren't many who like genuine heavy - but he's had so many problems anyway that he wouldn't be running on quick ground.
"There's no doubting his ability but unfortunately his wheels haven't been able to carry him."
On ratings, the biggest threats to Zawraq are Cannonball and Glamorous Approach.
One not to be underestimated, though, is Rashaan, a dual-purpose performer who won over hurdles last time out.
"He's in great form and I'm keen to get a run into him," said trainer Colin Kidd.
"The one reason we picked out this race is because he definitely seems to be better on right-handed tracks and there wasn't a lot coming up for him over hurdles.
"We'll see how he goes and make a plan from there. Unfortunately he doesn't qualify for the race he won in Down Royal last year.
"We'll also have to see what the ground is like as if it went very heavy we'd give him a break.
"He's been on the go all summer, so I won't expect him to stay on the go all winter as well."
The highest-ranking North Korean emissary to meet with a United States official in nearly two decades was heading to New York City on Wednesday for a confab with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo as a landmark summit between President Trump and Kim Jong-un hangs in the balance.
Kim Yong Chol, a top aide to Kim and the regime's former spy chief, left Beijing on Wednesday with his five-member entourage heading for New York, South Korean news agency Yonhap reported.
Pompeo is expected to meet with Trump at the White House on Wednesday afternoon and then head north to rendezvous with Kim Yong Chol to discuss the June 12 summit in Singapore, the State Department said. Pompeo returns to Washington on Thursday.
The State Department would not release any details on the meeting or where it would happen.
But a federal source said the two would get together at the United Nations or a UN facility in the city.
The two countries do not have a diplomatic relationship and North Korea only has a mission in New York for its delegation to the UN.
Kim Yong Chol, vice chairman of North Korea's ruling Workers' Party Central Committee, could remain in touch with Pyongyang through the mission while on the ground in the Big Apple.
It will be the third meeting between Pompeo, who headed the CIA before becoming secretary of state, and Kim Yong Chol since April.
He helped coordinate Pompeo's two meetings in Pyongyang with the Korean leader in April and earlier this month.
Kim Yong Chol would be the most senior North Korean emissary to meet with a top US official since Vice Chairman Jo Myong-rok's 2000 White House visit with President Bill Clinton.
He invited Clinton to North Korea, but the visit never happened.
There has been a flurry of diplomatic maneuvering surrounding next month's meeting between Kim and Trump over the past several weeks.
The president, in a letter to the Hermit Kingdom last Thursday, canceled the meeting after a North Korean official called Vice President Mike Pence a “political dummy.”
The White House on Tuesday said the administration continues to “actively prepare” for the Singapore summit.
US delegations are in North Korea and Singapore working out details of the talks with officials from Kim's government.
Trump will also host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House on June 7 to discuss the Singapore meeting with Kim.
Russia on Wednesday also announced that its foreign minister would be in North Korea on Thursday for talks.
Sergei Lavrov will meet with the regime's foreign minister, Ri Yong Ho, to get the lay of the land before the summit between Trump and Kim.
“It will be very useful for me to understand how our North Korean neighbors relate to all issues (concerning the situation the Korean peninsula),” Lavrov was quoted as saying by Russian news agency TASS, Reuters reported.
With Post wires
MOSCOW - The total number of civilians, mostly children, who have been evacuated from Syria's besieged eastern Ghouta district since the start of a humanitarian operation has risen to 79,702, Russian defense ministry said on Tuesday.
It said in a statement posted on its website that on Monday, 6,046 civilians left the district via humanitarian corridors.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
3 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
As part of our build-up to the 2017 Super League season, we take a look at how all the clubs could line up going into the start of the campaign.
The first club in focus is Widnes Vikings, who have ben tipped to struggle following the departure of Kevin Brown. But could this Vikings side defy the odds once again this year?
FB – Rhys Hanbury
WG – Corey Thompson
CE – Chris Bridge
CE – Charly Runciman
WG – Patrick Ah Van
SO – Joe Mellor
SH – Tom Gilmore
PR – Greg Burke
HK – Lloyd White
PR – Jack Buchanan
SR – Chris Houston
SR – Matt Whitley
LF – Hep Cahill
SUBS
Aaron Heremaia
Gil Dudson
Chris Dean
Macgraff Leuluai
Can this team push on from last year's seventh-placed finish, or are they at risk of moving back into the bottom four? Let us know via Twitter @LeagueExpress.
From the DC to the blogosphere, industry veteran Joe Limbaugh shares his unique insights and observations of the distribution world, often with a touch of humor. Joe has been with industrial distributor Motion Industries since 1983, and is currently VP of Operations.
By Joe Limbaugh
It happened again this week, and it rendered my already-short attention span in disarray. During a long and tedious meeting, someone used an acronym that I was unfamiliar with. To make matters worse, others repeated it as part of the discussion. Fixated on trying to decode the letters (I do the same thing in traffic when I see a vanity plate), I missed about 10 minutes of the discussion. In the interest of full disclosure, I have been in some of our own supply-chain meetings and the same thing has happened. We've said things like:
“The impact on FTE won't be known until we get the CO and the MHE is operational.”
Translation:
“The impact on full-time equivalency (headcount) won't be known until we get the certificate of occupancy and the material handling equipment is operational.”
And have you ever been in a meeting where they speak in numbers? I have, and I quote:
“If we price the 856 then we won't need an 810 and we can pay from the 824.”
Translation:
“If we price the advance ship notice, then we won't need an invoice, and we can pay from the application advice.”
This reminds me of when I am reading a book and I come across a word that I don't recognize. If I keep reading, I will struggle to retain anything from that point forward, as somewhere in the back of my brain I am trying to understand what I just read. This also reminds me of the Tower of Babel. Remember that story? According to the Bible, in short, some people were trying to build a tower in order to reach heaven. Sensing this, God confused their language so that they could not communicate and complete their mission. Confused their language…I'm not suggesting for a minute that our supply-chain department is doing anything on the scale of building a tower to heaven, but we are trying to do some pretty cool things.
In any pursuit where more than one person is involved, communication is key. Communication is enhanced when all parties approach one another with genuine respect and politeness. Perhaps, then, when one the departmental language one speaks in his or her job is loaded with acronyms, one should provide the meaning of each acronym as it comes up in conversation.
This would have saved me some time back when I was making a round through our Birmingham warehouse. As I was approaching the small-package area, I noticed two of our superstars having a discussion. Their body language was unmistakable – they were squarely facing each other, arms crossed, no movement or smiles. They looked like two terriers trying to figure out how to divide a single bone. When I approached, I heard:
“This is the third time that Pam hasn't worked. And the other day every other label was off-center.” From the conversation it was clear that one of the men didn't approve of Pam's performance, and the other needed some convincing. I was just about to ask about Pam's tenure and training when one of them looked at me and asked, “Have we had any issues with the print-and-apply machine at the other DCs?” Pam was actually PAM. That was close.
As cross-functional teams widen into more departments and disciplines, I think it's more important than ever that we do all we can to provide for the best environment for communication.
So moving forward, I plan to make the following changes in the meetings in which I have influence:
When hosting a meeting, I will make sure that all acronyms are defined. When sending correspondences, I will do the same. I'll take special care to make sure that cross-functional participants and interns understand the basics of our conversations.
The other thing that I will do will require some bravery on my part. When I am in a meeting as a part of a cross-functional team and I hear an acronym that I don't understand, I will ask that it be defined for me. (I will bolster my bravery by thinking that I might not be the only one who needs clarification.)
There are two basic definitions for communication. The first is pretty well-known: the imparting or exchanging of information or news. But it's the second that intrigues me: a means of connection between people and places in particular. It follows that communicating alone doesn't necessarily cut it; a connection must be made. Like the bricks in the Tower of Babel, all must be connected and work in unison to reach new heights.
Image caption The M4 relief road is aimed at relieving congestion around the Brynglas Tunnels
The Conservatives have accused Carwyn Jones of putting M4 relief road plans in doubt by saying he was not strongly in favour of either proposed route.
The £1.4bn project involves building a new stretch of motorway along a so-called black route, south of Newport.
A public inquiry has heard Welsh ministers' case for the scheme and its argument against an alternative route.
But the first minister said on Tuesday he would take the final decision and could not express a preference.
Mr Jones has announced his intention to stand down in the autumn and the Conservatives pounced on his comments, at First Minister's Questions, when he was asked if the black route would remain a priority after he stands down.
Mr Jones said: "I don't think I've expressed a strong preference for either route - nor can I because I will be the decision taker who takes the final decision.
"But there's no doubt there's a problem. We can all see what the issue is in the tunnels at Brynglas and that problem is not easy to resolve.
"And I will consider the evidence of the planning inspector when I get that evidence. But it's not just about roads."
Mr Jones said better and more frequent public transport was needed in south-east Wales - something the Welsh Government has promised as part of the Metro.
And he said there was no way to ease congestion on the A470 to the north of Cardiff by improving the road.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies said: "This is just the first major decision that will now be parked until a new leader is in place.
"This is why we need to see a swift resolution of the Labour leadership crisis, before the sense of inertia takes hold."
The first minister has previously attacked the blue route, saying it goes past the homes of thousands of people.
"Any party that supported the blue route can kiss goodbye to winning elections in Newport for a generation, in my view," he said in a BBC interview in 2016.
Charles Barkley's breakup with Michael Jordan proves his greatness It still pains Charles Barkley. He and Michael Jordan were once best friends, but they don't speak anymore. “It's disappointing and it hurts a lot,” Barkley said. A couple of...
Mike Greenberg under fire from ESPNers for suspect Andrew Luck report It appears Mike Greenberg has a lot to learn before launching his own “SportsCenter”-like show in the new year. Several of Greenberg's ESPN colleagues questioned his news-breaking credibility Thursday after...
Adam Schefter relives the time he and ESPN got 'dunked on' It has become a sports reporter's worst nightmare. For Adam Schefter and the “NFL Live” crew at ESPN, it became a very embarrassing reality. Fake social media accounts that look...
Adam Schefter is so busy breaking news, he isn't allowed to drive Adam Schefter is obsessed with breaking news. MMQB.com was embedded with the ESPN reporter for 24 hours on his busiest day of the year, the start of NFL free agency. The...
Steve Smith already beating Adam Schefter to NFL news In his next career, Steve Smith is making NFL news-breakers ice up. The five-time Pro Bowler, a month into his new job with NFL Network after retiring from the game...
Adam Schefter on Tony Romo's future, Giants' priority and his NBA sideline gig ESPN NFL reporter Adam Schefter spoke this week about his part-time role as an NBA sideline reporter, Tony Romo's future and the Giants' free-agency plans with The Post's Justin Terranova....
ESPN analyst changes mind about Adam Schefter being Patriots pawn Trent Dilfer made an effort, perhaps halfhearted, Tuesday night to walk back comments he made last week insulting ESPN colleague Adam Schefter's journalistic bona fides. Dilfer, a former NFL quarterback currently in...
Patriots chatter descends into bitter ESPN-on-ESPN insults A routine debate over a backup NFL quarterback has escalated into a surprisingly heated personal feud between ESPN colleagues Adam Schefter and Trent Dilfer. Schefter defended his integrity Tuesday on WEEI Radio's “Kirk...
Draymond Green needs the hate to survive Remember when the Warriors, led by the sweet-shooting “Splash Brothers,” became the sweethearts of the NBA on their way to a stunning championship? Draymond Green is probably happy to forget those...
When it comes to Super Bowl Sunday, those in the food industry – particularly pizza restaurants – are no different.
As the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots get ready for their biggest Sunday of the season, Domino's anticipates delivering more than 11 million pizza slices and 3 million chicken wings nationwide on game day – nearly an 80 percent overall increase from a typical Sunday.
In keeping with tradition in the days leading up to Super Bowl Sunday, The Lebanon Democrat kicked off the sixth installment of its Pizza Bowl on Monday with online voting. More than 20 Wilson County pizza restaurants, including one bowling alley, participated in the online event, which garnered 163 votes cast.
A clear favorite emerged among online voters. Nona Lisa Pizzeria in Watertown was the fan favorite, garnering 61 percent of the vote. David's Pizza in Lebanon was second with 11 percent and Painturo's Pizzeria in Lebanon was third with 10 percent. Newcomer Calabria Brick Oven Pizza in Mt. Juliet and a tie between NY NY Pizza in Lebanon, Ziggy's Pizza in Gladeville and Papa John's Pizza in Lebanon rounded out the top five.
Also on Friday, 16 participating Wilson County pizza restaurants offered up their best pies for The Democrat staff's blind taste test, which included a couple of special guest judges this year. Cumberland University president Paul Stumb, Mt. Juliet police Capt. Tyler Chandler and former Wilson County Property Assessor Jack Pratt were on hand in what has become an annual tradition at The Democrat prior to the Super Bowl.
“It was a good day of eating and deciding among some stiff competition,” said Jared Felkins, The Democrat's editor. “Our staff always enjoys this event, and we appreciate all the pizza restaurants that participate each year. They are wonderful sports in allowing us to weigh our opinions on who has the best pizza in Wilson County.”
Both the staff and guest judges chose their favorites in seven categories along with an overall winner.
The overall winner picked by The Democrat staff was David's Pizza in Lebanon. David's unseated Painturo's Pizzeria in Lebanon and CiCi's Pizza in Lebanon, which tied in last year's competition.
“Congratulations to those that received honors and all the pizza restaurants that participated in Pizza Bowl VI,” Felkins said. “This event has become a fun one for our staff and those who participate each year. Hopefully we can open it up to the public in the future so everyone can enjoy the same pizza we did Friday. Of course, it's only a short drive or a phone call away for anyone in Wilson County, especially on Sunday.”
Pizza Bowl VI Results
People's Choice Online Vote
1.Nona Lisa Pizzeria61 percent
2.David's Pizza11 percent
3.Painturo's Pizza10 percent
4.Calabria Brick Oven7 percent
5.Ziggy's, NYNY, Papa John's 2 percent
Blind Taste Test Results
Best Pan Jet's Pizza
Best Thin CrustDavid's Pizza
Most Unique/Gourmet Marco's Pizza
Overall Presentation Calabria Brick Oven
Best Crust Jet's Pizza
Best Sauce K.O.'s and NYNY (tie)
Best Theme David's, Domino's, Jet's (tie)
Overall Winner David's Pizza
Celebrity Judge Cumberland University president Paul Stumb's blind picks
Best Pan Jet's Pizza
Best Thin Crust David's Pizza
Most Unique/Gourmet Jet's Pizza
Overall Presentation Calabria Brick Oven
Best Crust Nona Lisa Pizzeria
Best Sauce K.O.'s Pizza
Best Toppings/Theme Marco's Pizza
Overall Winner K.O.'s Pizza
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — It may be February, but some were attending prom Saturday night in Indianapolis.
Easterseals Crossroads held their annual Ability Prom.
The event is put on each year for adults with disabilities.
More than two dozen people danced the night away.
Several local businesses teamed up to help make sure everyone had something fancy to wear and good food to eat.
“I think it's liberating for them. They have a lot of independence here that they don't get to have a lot of places. This is the only place a lot of them can come where they are completely unsupervised without their parents and they get to just have a good time and hang out with their peers and its fun,” said Katy Everhart, an occupational therapist with Easterseals Crossroads.
Easterseals holds events like this monthly.
Construction on the rail line for the Oklahoma City streetcar recently broke ground, marking another major MAPS 3 milestone. Many of us are eager to have another transit option in and around downtown Oklahoma City, but streetcar service offers more than mobility, it fuels economic growth.
Portland, Oregon, has seen $3.5 billion of new development within two blocks of the streetcar route in the past two decades. And after nearly a year in operation, Kansas City attributes nearly $3 billion in new economic development along the streetcar corridor since plans were announced in 2012.
Based on the experience of others cities, properties up to a quarter of a mile on either side of a streetcar route experience the greatest economic growth in terms of added housing and commercial growth. Using this parameter for Oklahoma City, it is estimated that over 10 years, streetcar service will significantly increase development in Midtown, downtown, Bricktown and the developing Core to Shore area by bringing more housing units, new commercial square feet, new businesses and new jobs.
Surrounding areas within walking distance of the streetcar route like Deep Deuce and the Arts District are also expected to benefit from the “streetcar effect.”
Economic growth is also expected to come from increased sales at existing businesses. Most of Kansas City's downtown businesses reported a moderate to significant increase in sales, and 83 percent saw a positive increase in foot traffic. We anticipate similar growth for Oklahoma City.
There are still several factors that must be determined before estimating the economic impact of the streetcar. The appropriate types of data and the methods for tracking impact over time are still being discussed. For example, should we measure the impact within one block of the streetcar, or farther? From the time the streetcar begins service, or from the time the project was announced?
We are working with staff from the city, the chamber and Embark to make these determinations and begin the tracking of data. One thing is certain – the willingness and vitality of our community to embrace the OKC streetcar will have a positive impact for years to come.
Cathy O'Connor is the president of the Alliance for Economic Development of Oklahoma City.
The Continental Automated Building Association is pleased to announce the publication of a white paper designed to facilitate the adoption of information technologies that enable a more productive indoor environment.
CABA is a nonprofit industry association that provides information, education, and networking to help promote advanced technologies for the automation of homes and buildings.
The organization has published its "Creating a New Deal for Buildings" white paper and released it at a special reception on January 22 at AHR Expo 2018, which was also sponsored by Cimetrics, Inc., SkyFoundry, LLC and Anka Laboratories. The paper promotes the concept of encouraging a dialogue on how the building automation system industry can advance and deliver significantly better value to building owners, facility managers and society at large.
The intended audiences of the paper include: system vendors along with property owners, operators and managers. Other audiences include: sector industry groups, associations and other organizations involved in the intelligent building value chain.
The paper was overseen by a working group from industry and was primarily authored by Anto Budiardjo from Cimetrics, Inc. Co-authors included: David Katz from Sustainable Resources Management Inc.; Harsha Chandrashekar from Honeywell International Inc.; John Petze from SkyFoundry, LLC; Mike Welch from Fulham; Ron Bernstein from Lonmark International; and Therese Sullivan from Buildingcontext.me.
This CABA white paper can be downloaded free of charge at www.caba.org/whitepapers.
Transcript for San Francisco police respond to shooting at UPS facility
According to one of our sources. Be employee. Went inside this building. And started to shoot during what may have been a morning meeting this is around 9 o'clock she believes this was a UPS driver who went in initially to shoot another driver. And then began shooting and hitting others a neighbor tells us that he heard four shots. Some time pass been heard at least four more shots and then saw a number of employees is running out of the building toward where he lives across the street. As they were looking for safety says UPS confirms there was an incident involving employees within the company's facility in sever Cisco earlier this morning. Local law enforcement have control of the facility and are conducting an investigation. The company is cooperating with law enforcement we cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time pending the police investigation.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Image copyright AFP
A French judge has placed prominent Islamic studies scholar Tariq Ramadan under criminal investigation on two charges of rape.
The 55-year-old was questioned by police in Paris earlier this week and has now been remanded into custody.
He denies wrongdoing and is suing one of his accusers, a former radical Islamist, for slander.
Mr Ramadan teaches at Oxford University, but took leave of absence after the claims surfaced in October.
An examining magistrate will now compile a case, and determine whether Mr Ramadan will stand trial for rape and assault.
How did the allegations emerge?
His first accuser is Henda Ayari, a former Muslim radical who now heads a secular feminist group.
In a book published in 2016, she wrote about being raped in a Paris hotel four years earlier, but the book did not name the attacker.
But in October 2017, she said the sexual assault scandal surrounding Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein had emboldened her to accuse Mr Ramadan explicitly.
A few days later another woman, a convert to Islam who has remained anonymous, accused him of raping her in 2009.
Four Swiss women have also accused the scholar of making sexual advances while they were students in Geneva. He says all the allegations are part of a campaign by his enemies.
Who is Tariq Ramadan?
A controversial and influential figure among Muslim scholars, he is the grandson of Hassan al-Banna, the Egyptian imam who founded the Muslim Brotherhood in the 1920s.
Tariq Ramadan challenges Muslim fundamentalists and encourages dialogue between religions, but some critics say he is a promoting a version of Islam that is inconsistent with French secular values.
He has made regular media appearances in France and Britain, and is a popular figure among young Muslims in Europe.
Mr Ramadan is a Swiss national and since 2009 has been professor of contemporary Islamic studies at St Antony's College, Oxford.
He has also sat on a UK Foreign Office advisory group on freedom of religion.
Miley Cyrus' homeless VMA date headed to jail Jesse Helt, who accepted Miley Cyrus' VMA on her behalf, has been sentenced to six months in prison for violating probation.
Body language expert says Jay and Bey are done Jay-Z and Beyoncé may just have 99 problems after all. Rumors have been swirling for weeks that the power couple's relationship has been on the rocks, but at Sunday's...
Was Nicki Minaj's wardrobe malfunction staged? An insider said Minaj pulled the same stunt during rehearsals on Sunday morning.
Kardashians blasted for texting through Michael Brown tribute While some Kardashian critics thought nothing of the moment, others called the famous sisters "selfish" and "self absorbed" for not fully participating.
2014 VMAs: After the show it's the afterparty The 2014 VMA hijinks didn't end when the cameras stopped rolling. See the best afterparty pics here.
​The 12 best and worst dressed stars at the VMAs From the Kardashian sisters to Taylor Swift and Nicki Minaj, find out made the cut.
The 16 best and worst moments at the VMAs The MTV Video Music Awards, simultaneously the best and worst night in music of the year, returned last night with 100 percent less Disney star twerking. But there's still plenty...
Emotional Beyoncé weeps at VMAs The songstress was struck with emotion as her husband awarded her with the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award on Sunday.
RAYNE - Funeral services will be held on Thursday, Oct. 5, , at 2 p.m. in the Duhon Funeral Home Chapel in Rayne for Xander Cruz Benoit, 5, who passed away on Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017, at 8:42 a.m. at Our Lady of the Lake Regional Medical Center in Baton Rouge.
Pastor Berl Adams, pastor of First Baptist Church in Church Point, will be officiating for the services. Burial will be in St. Joseph Catholic Church New Cemetery in Rayne.
The family requested the visitation to begin on Wednesday, Oct. 4, at 10 a.m. until 11 p.m.. in the Duhon Funeral Home Chapel in Rayne. Visitation resumes on Thursday, Oct. 5, at 8 a.m.. until time of services.
Survivors include his mom, Maegen Ann Benoit and Rosemary Benoit of Rayne; his maternal grandparents, Lee and Valerie Benoit of Rayne; one uncle, Damien Lee and wife Lindsey Benoit of Rayne; his maternal great-grandmother, Annie Guillory of Rayne; grandparents, Karen Tweedel of Lafayette and Rodney Tweedel of Church Point; two maternal great uncles, Joe and Mike Guillory, both of Rayne; and one maternal great aunt, Connie Menard of Rayne.
Xander was preceded in death by his paternal great-grandparents, Ozone Benoit Jr. and Cidalise Benoit; his maternal great-grandfather, Leroy Guillory; and his maternal great-great-grandmother, Grace Sarver.
You may view the obituary, sign the guest registry and express condolences online to Xander's family at www.duhonfuneralhome.com.
Duhon Funeral Home - Rayne, (337) 334-3600, 900 E. Texas Ave., Rayne, is in charge of all of the arrangements.
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Void where prohibited. Open to legal residents of the United States residing within the Columbus, OH metropolitan area who are 18 years of age or older. TheLAND OF ILLUSION WINING WEEKEND SWEEPSTAKES will end on October 8, 2017. Subject to Official Rules.
IT'S A LAND OF ILLUSION WINING WEEKEND ON 101.1 THE WIZ JUST TEXT THE WORD “SCARE” TO 24042 FOR YOUR CHANCE TO WIN TICKETS TO THE LAND OF ILLUSION HAUNTED SCREAM PARK.
HOURS OF ENTERTAINMENT, 6 HAUNTS, WITH THE MIDWEST'S LONGEST HAUNTED TRAIL AND THE ZOOMBIE SNIPER PATROL- A THRILLING LIVE ACTION GAME UNLIKE ANYTHING IN THE MIDWEST
————————————————————————————————————–
LAND OF ILLUSION
TEXT TO WIN WEEKEND SWEEPSTAKES
OFFICIAL SWEEPSTAKES RULES
SWEEPSTAKES DESCRIPTION:
The Land of Illusion Text To Win sweepstakes (“Sweepstakes”) will begin on October 7 and end on October 8, 2017 (“Sweepstakes Period”). Ten (10) winner(s) will each be awarded one pair of General Admission tickets to visit the upcoming season to Land of Illusion located at 8762 Thomas Rd. Middletown, OH 45042. (ARV = $73.98) (“Prize”).
HOW TO ENTER / EXECUTION:
Listeners of WIZF-FM (“Station”) who are legal residents of the United States residing within the Cincinnati, OH metropolitan area, and are 18 years of age and older will be able to take part in these Sweepstakes. To participate in the Sweepstakes, listeners must do the following:
1. Sweepstakes participants must text the word “SCARE” to short code 24042 when prompted by the on-air announcement. Standard text and data rates will apply.
2. All text entries must be received by 11:59PM local time on Sunday, October 8, 2017 or they will be void.
1. One entry per person per day during the Sweepstakes Period.
2. In the event of a dispute regarding the identity of a participant's entry, the entry will be deemed to have been made by the authorized holder of the mobile account at the time the entry was made.
3. Winners will be selected by random drawing from among all eligible entries received via text message. Winners will be notified by phone and / or email.
4. Winners will be instructed to come to the offices of the Station located at One Centennial Plaza 705 Central Avenue Suite 200 Cincinnati, OH 45202, to claim the Prize.
5. Winners must provide valid identification (i.e. via driver's license, passport or other government-issued photo I.D.) to claim the Prize. Identification documents must match information previously provided to the Station.
6. Prizes will be awarded only upon winner verification and final approval by the Station.
7. All decisions made by the Station and Blue Chip Broadcasting (“Company”) management regarding any aspect of these Sweepstakes are final.
ELIGIBILITY RESTRICTIONS:
1. The Sweepstakes are open to listeners of the Station who are 18 years of age and older and are legal residents of the United States residing within the Cincinnati, OH metropolitan area.
2. Employees of the Station, the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, general sponsors, advertisers, competitors, promotional partners, other radio stations in the Cincinnati, OH metropolitan area, and members of the immediate families or those living in the same households (whether related or not) of any of the above are NOT eligible to participate or win in these Sweepstakes. For purposes of these Sweepstakes, immediate family members mean spouses, parents, grandparents, children, and siblings and their respective spouses.
3. Participants may only win once during these Sweepstakes.
4. Persons who have won a prize in another sweepstakes or promotion of any kind from the Station within the thirty (30) day period immediately preceding the start date of these Sweepstakes are not eligible to participate. Only one person per family or household (whether related or not) may win in any promotion from the Station during any thirty (30) day period.
PRIZES:
1. The following Prize elements will be awarded:
Ten (10) winner(s) will each be awarded one pair of general admission tickets to Land of Illusion located at 8762 Thomas Rd. Middletown, OH 45042. (ARV = $73.98) (“Prize”).
Transportation to and from any event venue (if applicable), meals, beverages, souvenirs, and incidentals are the responsibility of the winner and his or her guest.
2. Movie passes, and/or special screening and premiere movie passes are valid for space available only. Seating is provided on a first-come-first-served basis.
3. To the extent that prize elements are provided by third-party providers, winner agrees to look solely to applicable prize providers with respect to any claims, losses, or disputes in connection therewith.
4. Dates and times of concerts, events, trips, and activities promoted by event sponsors are subject to change and those changes are deemed to be beyond the control of the Station. Changes of venue, cancellation of engagements by performing artists, and/or their management may be permanent in nature. The Station is not obligated to make any effort to find an alternative prize under these circumstances.
5. Prize will not be mailed. Unless otherwise provided, Prize must be claimed at the Station's offices by no later than 5pm on October 31, 2017 or the Prize will be forfeited.
6. No substitution of Prize is offered, no transfer of prize to a third party is permitted and non-cash Prizes may not be redeemed for cash value, except as determined by Station management and/or the sponsor in its sole discretion.
7. All Sweepstakes winners must sign and date official Station release and waiver forms as requested. Failure to do so will result in winner forfeiting the Prize.
8. If for any reason a Sweepstakes winner decides not to accept the Prize awarded, the winner may be required to sign a release form acknowledging forfeiture of the Prize. It will be at the discretion of the Sweepstakes sponsor and / or Sweepstakes administrator if another entrant is to be selected as the winner if time permits.
9. In the event any winner is found to be in violation of these Official Rules or is otherwise determined by the Station, in its sole discretion to be ineligible, he/she may be required to forfeit the prize or to reimburse the Station and / or any sponsor for the stated value of the prize if such a violation is found after the prize has been used by the winner.
GENERAL CONDITIONS:
1. Winners are responsible for all applicable taxes associated with the receipt of the Prize.
2. Any person winning over $600.00 in prizes will receive an IRS form 1099 at the end of the calendar year for tax purposes and a copy of such form will be filed with the IRS as required by law.
3. No purchase necessary. Sweepstakes are void where prohibited. Sweepstakes are subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
4. Odds of winning depend upon the number of eligible entrants participating during the Sweepstakes Period.
5. By participating in the Sweepstakes, the winner or winners agree to have their name, voice, or likeness used in any advertising or broadcasting material relating to these Sweepstakes, in any media now known or hereafter devised for advertising or promotional purposes without additional compensation, and must sign a publicity release prior to acceptance of the Prize. By entering these Sweepstakes, each participant agrees to comply with the Official Rules and the decisions of the Sweepstakes sponsor which shall be final and binding in all aspects relating to the Sweepstakes.
6. All Sweepstakes winners will be required to sign a liability release prior to acceptance of any prize. Pursuant to the liability release, the winner or winners will agree to hold the Station, the Company, any other Sweepstakes parties and each of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, agencies, officers, shareholders, directors, employees, agents and representatives of each of the foregoing, harmless against any and all claims or liability, directly or indirectly related to or arising from or in connection with Sweepstakes participation or the acceptance, possession or use / misuse of awarded Prize or any portion thereof, or participation in Prize-related activities, including but not limited to any related travel.
7. Winners must provide valid identification (e.g. via driver's license, passport or other government-issued photo I.D.) to claim the Prize.
8. The Station retains the right to disqualify any entrant if all Sweepstakes rules are not followed. Sweepstakes void if prohibited by law.
9. So long as no participant is materially adversely affected, the Station reserves the right to make changes in these Sweepstakes rules, which will become effective upon being announced on the air and / or posted online.
10. The Station, the Company, participating sponsors and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates or their representatives, agents and employees are not responsible for the inability of any entrant to complete or continue a telephone call, internet registration or text entry due to equipment malfunction, busy lines, inadvertent disconnections, unavailable network, server, Internet Service Provider (ISP) or other connections, communication failures or human error that may occur in the transmission, receipt or processing of entries, including any injury or damage to any computer arising from or relating to participation in these Sweepstakes. Any use of robotic, macro, automatic, programmed or like entry methods will void all such entries, and may subject that entrant to disqualification.
11. By accepting the Prize, the winner acknowledges that the Station and the Company have neither made, nor are in any manner responsible or liable for, any warranty, representation or guarantee, express or implied, in fact or in law, relative to the Prize or to any portion thereof, including but not limited to its quality, mechanical condition or fitness for a particular purpose.
12. The Station, the Company, its subsidiaries, its affiliates, participating sponsors and promotional partners will not assume any responsibility for any changes in the execution of the Sweepstakes, including cancellation of the Sweepstakes as a result of the occurrence of events not within the control of the Station, the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, participating sponsors, promotional partners and other radio stations, such as acts of God, strikes, terrorists acts or criminal acts of third parties. In the event such an act should occur, the Station may in its sole discretion, offer the winner comparable prize(s) currently being offered by the Station in lieu of the Prize originally awarded.
13. If for any reason, the Sweepstakes is not capable of running as planned, including without limitation, any suspected evidence of tampering or technological corruption or if any portion of the Sweepstakes is compromised by virus, bugs, worms or unauthorized human intervention, fraud, an insufficient number of qualified Sweepstakes entries, or any other causes beyond the Station and the Company's, control which, in the Station and the Company's sole opinion, corrupts, threatens or impairs the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes, the Station and the Company reserve the right to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Sweepstakes at their sole discretion.
14. Copies of Sweepstakes rules are available upon request during regular business hours, Monday – Friday 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., in the offices of the Station, located at 705 Central Ave. Cincinnati, OH 45202. Copies of Sweepstakes rules may also be made available on the Station's website or during on-site / in-person remote events.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — A woman was caught smoking on a flight from Portland to Sacramento on Saturday resulting in an in-flight-outburst and threats to “kill everyone on this plane” when she was escorted to law enforcement upon landing, Southwest Airlines confirmed.
Southwest Airlines provided a statement on the incident.
Our Crew in command of Flight 2943 traveling from Portland on Saturday afternoon safely landed on-time in Sacramento following an inflight disturbance. Our reports from Flight Attendants indicate a Customer violated federal laws by both smoking onboard an aircraft and by tampering with a smoke detector in an aircraft restroom. Our Crew enforced the regulation and that was followed by the passenger outburst. The safety of our Crew and Passengers is our top priority and we take all threats seriously. The Pilots declared an emergency to receive priority handling from air traffic controllers, and our Crew handled the situation onboard until the plane landed and local authorities stepped in. The flight carried 136 Customers and a Crew of five.
A passenger told KOIN 6 News the person was removed from the plane's bathroom when people learned she was smoking. The witness then said the person removed an oxygen mask as she got “more uncontrollable.” Southwest Airlines did not confirm those details.
The average flight time from Portland to Sacramento, according to the website Flight Sphere, is one hour and 23 minutes.
You can watch the video of the woman threatening to kill everyone on the plane in the video above.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A North Dakota woman who earlier admitted killing a pregnant neighbor to get her baby did it by cutting the baby from the mother's womb as she faded in and out of consciousness, prosecutors said Friday.
Brooke Crews, 38, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in a hearing that for the first time detailed the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo.
Ashton Matheny, the baby's father, said learning how his baby was born and his girlfriend died “tore me apart.” Greywind's mother, Norberta Lafontaine-Greywind, fought back tears, but said she was satisfied with the sentence — the toughest Crews could have received.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting her. Greywind eventually bled to death, they said.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek cited the predatory and cruel nature of the crime in handing down the maximum sentence.
Crews, wearing orange prison clothing and cuffed at the wrists, cried as she read a statement of apology. She said she wished she could take the family's pain.
“There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing,” she said. Later, she showed no emotion as the judge passed sentence.
Crews' boyfriend, William Hoehn, faces a May trial in the case. He has pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had cited his pending trial in withholding public details of Greywind's death earlier.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole. Defense attorney Steven Mottinger had asked for less, pointing out Crews admitted guilt without any promise of leniency.
“Acceptance of responsibility is important,” Mottinger said in court. “It has to mean something.”
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with Hoehn.
Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, one of four family members to give statements during sentencing, said that what Crews did was “beyond evil,” and said she was suffering horrific nightmares. Her husband, Joe Greywind, said the family is trying to heal, “but we find it nearly impossible.”
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police he came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: “This is our baby. This is our family.” Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
“You would never wish this suffering on anybody, on anybody's family, on anybody's sister or daughter or mother,” said Gloria Allred, attorney for the Greywind family. “But the only good that will come out of it … is more attention to change on this issue for other Native American women in the future.”
Image copyright MBN Image caption Jeon Gwang-ryeol being kissed by a jubilant Russian fan during live TV broadcast
Social media users in China are debating whether a male South Korean reporter being kissed by female fans during the World Cup is "sexual harassment".
The video clip shows Jeon Gwang-ryeol, a MBN (a South Korean TV channel) reporter broadcasting in Russia on 28 June, being kissed on the cheek twice by female Russian fans.
The reporter tried to laugh the kisses off but looked embarrassed after the incident which occurred days after other supporters were criticised for trying to kiss a female reporter live on TV.
A debate about the incident emerged on Weibo, China's largest social networking site, with Weibo users asking why the actions of some Russian female fans were not being criticised in the same way as their male counterparts.
You might also like:
"It is a very sharp contrast with the previous news," one Weibo user said.
"Why is this not sexual harassment?" asked another, whose comment received hundreds of likes.
"If it's a good looking person (kissing), it's not called sexual harassment," one person wrote sarcastically.
Other users "called for equality between men and women" and said that the response to this incident shows that inequalities still exist.
Some users also had a problem with the media using the term "beauties" when referring to the women.
Image copyright MBN Image caption Another fan kissed the reporter seconds after the first on-air peck
While the kiss was a subject of debate in China, it failed to draw much attention in South Korea where only MBN and its affiliated media outlets covered the story.
However one South Korean Twitter did join the discussion posting: "Regardless of your gender, you get sexually harassed. An MBN journalist went to Russia to cover the World Cup and he was sexually harassed by two women."
In the last few months stories about sexual assault have been widely discussed on Weibo with many people accusing the authorities of not taking it seriously.
Last week a video, stressing that "men and women, young and old" can all be subjected to sexual assault, went viral and sparked another debate on social media.
A UNION STAR RESIDENT WAS FATALLY INJURED IN A TWO VEHICLE ACCIDENT IN ANDREW COUNTY SATURDAY AFTERNOON. THE HIGHWAY PATROL REPORTS THAT 60 YEAR OLD JAMES EVANS OF UNION STAR WAS NORTHBOUND AND 32 YEAR OLD ERIC TAMBOLI OF BELTON, MO WAS SOUTHBOUND ON US 169, 3 MILES WEST OF UNION STAR. THE EVANS VEHICLE CROSSED THE CENTER LINE AND STRUCK THE TAMBOLI VEHICLE BEHIND THE DRIVERS SIDE DOOR. THE TAMBOLI VEHICLE OVERTURNED OFF THE WEST SIDE OF THE ROAD ON ITS WHEELS FACING SOUTH. THE EVANS VEHICLE SPUN OFF THE WEST SIDE OF THE ROAD, COMING TO A REST ON ITS WHEELS FACING SOUTH. EVANS WAS PRONOUNCED DEAD AT THE SCENE. TAMBOLI RECEIVED MINOR INJURIES AND WAS TAKEN BY THE ANDREW COUNTY AMBULANCE TO MOSAIC IN ST JOSEPH. THE ACCIDENT OCCURRED AROUND 4:30PM SATURDAY AFTERNOON. THE ANDREW COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE AND UNION STAR FIRE DEPARTMENT ASSISTED THE HIGHWAY PATROL.
On Tuesday morning, Theresa May caught political journalists and opponents off-guard with a surprise announcement that she would like to hold a general election on 8 June – after months of declaring there would be no early election.
Unlike most former prime ministers, however May does not have the power to unilaterally implement her decision, which she said she'd reached "recently and reluctantly".
Until 2010, prime ministers had the power to announce elections any time they wished, subject to having an election at least every five years, and giving a notice period of at least around five weeks between announcement and voting.
However, the last coalition government changed the rules around how calling an election works under a new law called the Fixed Term Parliaments Act.
May has announced she will use a provision under this law, which allows MPs to vote on whether or not they would like to have an election.
Most votes in Parliament are decided by a simple majority, meaning whichever side has the most votes wins, regardless of how many MPs vote – but this vote will be different.
The rules of the act mean that two-thirds of all MPs, not just those voting, have to be in favour of calling the election early. As there are 650 MPs in total, this means that 434 MPs will have to vote in favour of an early election.
Theresa May has 330 MPs, meaning she will need the support of at least 104 MPs from opposition parties to vote in favour of a general election.
Despite being more than 20 points behind in the polls, Jeremy Corbyn's Labour party has now said it would support an early election, which would easily carry May over the line, as the party has 229 MPs.
The Liberal Democrats, who only have 9 MPs, have also announced they will support the early election, which may see them picking up seats from the Conservatives and Labour.
Had May not got the required votes, she had other options – she could have either attempted to amend or replace the Fixed Term Parliaments Act, which would require a majority in the Commons or Lords, or alternatively voted "no confidence" in her own government, which would then have left opposition parties with two weeks to try to form a government – which they lack the votes to manage – before automatically triggering an election.
Pinellas County unveiled military statues that will help create the country's first underwater veterans memorial. The goal is to make this site a scuba destination.
"Brings back memories of when we were serving," veteran David A. Thomas said.
Even though they're made of concrete, these military statues are softening hearts on Sand Key Beach.
"These are our guys, these are the people that we served with, that we knew, that we don't know, we'll never know, but they're our people," Thomas said.
They are the first of 24 life-size statues that will make up the country's first underwater dive memorial, honoring men and women who serve in all branches of the military.
Former congressman David Jolly's uncle first came up with the idea years ago, starting Veterans Reef near Dunedin in 2000.
"We thought about putting down some old tanks but then we realized over time they would rust apart and start to look bad on the bottom, we wanted something to be around for a long time," Dr. Heyward Mathews, Professor Emeritus at St. Petersburg College, said.
This memorial, called Circle of Heroes, will be a quarter mile from Veterans Reef, 40 feet down. Each statue will be secured into the limestone layer beneath the sand.
"Something I've been dreaming about for a long time," Mathews said.
The whole project is expected to cost about a half a million dollars, but the county is hoping it will bring in big money.
"Annual economic impact of just over $7 million of new job creation, of new dive community economic investment," former congressman David Jolly said.
The hope is that this will be a serene place to remember sacrifice.
"It's hard to explain to someone what something like this is doing for us," Thomas said.
The goal is to place the first 12 statues underwater by the end of this summer.
Commencement was held at Fairview Church in Lebanon, and even though not every student could participate, the day was special for the 54 graduates who did walk across the stage to receive their diplomas from Wilson County Director of Schools Donna Wright.
The evening began as Adult Learning Center director Betty Byrd welcomed family, friends and honored guests to the graduation ceremony. Wilson County's legislative delegation, Sen. Mae Beavers, Rep. Mark Pody and Rep. Susan Lynn, gave congratulatory messages and words of encouragement.
Suoncire Davis was named learner of the year, an award given because Davis never gave up.
“It has taken me 34 years to earn this diploma,” Davis said.
A special honor was given to valedictorian Zachary Jackson, a young man who always had a smile on his face received the top score for the 2016-17 school year. He said earning his diploma allowed him to keep a promise he made to his mother before she passed away, that he would go back to school and give his children a wonderful life.
“I am a man of my word, which is something that can never be taken from me,” Jackson said.
Jason Wallace received the honor of salutatorian. He entered the program and succeeded quickly. He said earning his diploma meant fulfilling a promise made and finishing things left undone.
Before the students made their walk across the stage to receive their diplomas, special guest Lelan Statom, News Channel 5 meteorologist, offered a message about success. He spoke of his challenges and his determination to succeed even when someone told him he couldn't do something. He spoke of attitude, how people are remembered and of faith. It is a three-part equation, and all parts are equally important to find your place in life, he said.
The Adult Learning Center's mission is to provide quality instruction for students who are seeking to become more educated and better citizens, to prepare each student to take the high school equivalency exam and complete the exam with a passing score.
For more information on the Adult Learning Center, call 615-443-8731 or visit the office at 107 N. Greenwood St. in Lebanon.
What to Know The New York City Conflicts of Interest Board settled four cases related to the misuse of city time and resources
One case involved a teacher who was selling a geometry bingo game for personal gain; his settlement included a $1,000 fine
The city's Conflicts of Interest Board's jurisdiction extends to former and current officers, elected officials, city employees, lobbyists
The New York City Conflicts of Interest Board settled four cases related to the misuse of city time and resources, including one case involving a teacher who was selling a geometry bingo game for personal gain.
The city's Conflicts of Interest Board is an independent and non-mayoral agency that oversees public servants to make sure they are not using city time or resources for any non-city purpose as well as looking for any other conflicts of interests that may arise.
According to a settlement reached by the board and Hussain Abdullah, a teacher at Brooklyn's P.S. 971, Abdullah admitted to using work hours to “demonstrate, market and sell a geometry bingo game” that he intended to sell online for personal gain during the 2015-2016 and 2016-2017 school years.
Top Tri-State News Photos
The settlement states that the teacher agreed to pay $1,000 to the city's Conflicts of Interest Board.
In another case involving a school faculty member, Mazra Schindler, a guidance counselor at Stuyvesant High School, admitted to providing college counseling services to high school students and used school property — a computer and flash drive — to store documents related to her private college counseling practice.
She also posted Department of Education information sent via DOE emails regarding scholarships on the Facebook page of her private college counseling practice, according to the settlement.
Schindler agreed to pay a fine of $800.
Furthermore, the Conflicts of Interest Board found that a current maintenance worker at New York City Department of Citywide Administrative Services admitted to using a city-issued credit card intended for New York City Housing Authority gasoline purchases, to buy gasoline for his own vehicle between five or ten different occasion over a six-month period in 2016 while he was an employee with New York City NYCHA.
When NYCHA began disciplinary charges against Wayne Wiggins, he resigned from his post and obtained a job as a maintenance worker at the Department of Citywide Administrative Services.
Wiggins' settlement with the Conflicts of Interest Board calls for him to pay a fine of $2,500.
In another case involving city employee, Ben Gonzalez, a Park Supervisor for the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) admitted that he misused city resources by storing his mobile home on a DPR service road in Forest Park from March to May 2017. In a settlement with the conflicts board, Gonzalez agreed to pay $1,000.
The city's Conflicts of Interest Board's jurisdiction extends to former and current officers, elected officials, city employees and lobbyists.
Top News Photos: Cosby Retrial Opens for Closing Arguments
HONOLULU — The Hawaii emergency management worker who sent a false alert last month warning of an imminent missile attack says he was convinced the threat was real and “100 percent sure” he was doing the right thing.
“I did what I was trained to do,” said the worker, who spoke to NBC News on Friday on the condition of anonymity because of threats against his life.
- Advertisement -
The mistake sparked panic on Jan. 13, sending Hawaii residents scrambling to seek shelter amid heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea over the regime's nuclear ambitions.
A preliminary federal investigation released last month said the recorded drill message began and ended with the phrase “exercise, exercise, excise.” It also included language scripted for use during an actual missile alert: “This is not a drill.”
But the emergency worker, who has been fired, claims he “didn't hear ‘exercise' at all in that whole transmission.” As soon as he realized his error, he “just wanted to crawl under a rock.”
“It was incredibly difficult for me, very emotional,” he said, adding that his team was immediately flooded with phone calls from frantic citizens.
Officials who led an internal investigation said last month that five other employees had heard the part of the drill message indicating it was an exercise.
The worker who sent the erroneous alert had a “history of confusing drill and real world events,” retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who led the internal probe, said at a news conference earlier this week. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were real emergencies, the state found.
Related: Hawaii false alarm: Ensuing chaos is teachable moment, experts say
But the worker disputed those findings in his interview with NBC News, insisting they were not accurate.
An electronic sign reads “There is no threat” in Oahu, Hawaii, after a false emergency alert that said a ballistic missile was headed for Hawaii Jan. 13, 2018. @sighpoutshrug / Reuters
The preliminary report from the Federal Communications Commission found the drill was “run without sufficient supervision” and that “there were no procedures in place to prevent a single person from mistakenly sending a missile alert from the State of Hawaii.”
“There was no requirement in place for a warning officer to double-check with a colleague or get sign off from a supervisor before sending such an alert,” the report said.
The worker said Friday that he believes the state emergency management agency deserves the blame for the mistake — and shouldn't be shouldering the responsibility in the first place.
“We weren't prepared to send out missile notifications,” he said. “I think the military should do that.”
But he said he still feels remorseful.
“I regret this ever happened,” he said. “I feel terrible about it. I did what I thought was right at the time.”
Jacob Soboroff and Aarne Heikkila reported from Honolulu. Daniel Arkin reported from New York
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Wesley Bryan wins in his home state, Ian Poulter has a make-or-break week, Lydia Ko fires another caddie, the bros hit the Bahamas and more in this week's edition of the Monday Scramble:
Bryan's life story is a movie waiting to be made – his improbable rise from struggling mini-tour player, to popular trick-shot artist with millions of YouTube hits, to dominant Web.com Tour Player of the Year, and now to PGA Tour winner, after his hard-fought victory at the RBC Heritage.
There were no tricks to his win Sunday, closing with a 4-under 67 to erase a four-shot deficit entering the final round.
It's a life-changing title for the 27-year-old, who now has earned his way into all of the big events, including next year's Masters – the rarest of home games for the current Augusta, Ga., resident.
Bryan went to the Masters this past year, eating pimento cheese and egg salad sandwiches, and following one of his pals, Russell Henley, during the opening round.
Now?
“I can call it my home golf course for the next 51 weeks,” he said.
Just another chapter in his incredible journey.
1. The Web.com circuit is often marketed as the gateway to the PGA Tour, but not often is it such a direct route to the winner's circle.
In fact, Bryan became just the third reigning Web.com Player of the Year to win the following season on Tour.
The others were Zach Johnson (2004) and Stewart Cink (1997).
2. Is there a worse spot than the 54-hole leader at Hilton Head?
The last six winners there all have come from behind – by three or more shots, too. It's the only Tour event to hold that distinction.
3. Bryan also became the first Tour winner to quote Ron Burgundy in his post-round news conference.
When asked to explain how his life has flipped upside down over the past 15 months, he said: “I don't know. Will Ferrell said it best: ‘That escalated quickly.' Honestly, I've got no idea. It's still kind of surreal.”
4. Sure, Luke Donald needed a good finish, regardless of the tournament. But at some point it has to be frustrating to come so close, so often to winning at Harbour Town.
The Englishman shot 68 in the final round to finish second there for the fifth time. It was his record seventh top-3 overall.
And he's still looking for his first win there.
“I just keep trying,” he said. “Obviously it's a place I feel comfortable and I like and I've had a lot of success. I've got to just keep pounding away, and hopefully I'll get there.”
5. Ian Poulter was one of the most animated players on the course Sunday, and he had no chance to win. That's because he was fighting for his card.
Last week at Hilton Head and this week in San Antonio, he needed to earn $144,669 or 117.75 FedEx Cup points to satisfy the requirements of his major medical extension.
He came up about $30,000 shy, which means he'll need to make the cut – and make up the difference – this week at TPC San Antonio, which is one of the hardest courses on Tour. He tied for 37th in his only appearance there, in 2013.
“I'm a little hot under the collar right now,” he said. “I'm not disappointed I didn't get the job done today in terms of finishing where I need to finish, but that today could have been a victory and I let it slip.”
Poulter shot 73 and finished five back.
6. What was it that sent Jason Dufner reeling at the Heritage?
No doubt, his putter was the biggest culprit – no one was worse Sunday, as he lost a whopping 3.59 strokes to the field on the greens, took 34 swipes and sank only 35 feet worth of putts.
Dufner tumbled from the 54-hole lead to a tie for 11th.
Others would argue it was karma. Video surfaced of Dufner, after making bogey on the fifth hole, rudely dropping his putter by the hole that his caddie was forced to scoop up. He got skewered on social media, and he went 5 over for his next 10 holes. Coincidence, we think not.
7. One of the few things that didn't go right for Paul Dunne last week at the European Tour's Trophe Hassan II was the arrival of his luggage. It didn't make it until Saturday night.
Bag finally arrived! Better late than never, but never late is better! #drake #happydays pic.twitter.com/7Tp0naQ1nQ — Paul Dunne (@dunners11) April 15, 2017
That led Dunne to go shopping in Rabat.
“I have to apologize to my sponsors,” he said, “that I'm wearing random clothes which I bought in a shop because I lost my suitcase and it's being found as we speak. I've had none of my own clothes this week; I had to buy them in the shops.”
Dunne, who played college golf at Alabama-Birmingham, rose to fame at the 2015 Open at St. Andrews, where he shared the 54-hole lead, the first amateur in that spot since 1927.
Dunne hadn't enjoyed much pro success (just two top-10s) until traveling to Morocco. He lost the playoff to Edoardo Molinari, after the Italian birdied 17, made eagle on 18 and then won the title with a par on the first extra hole. It was Molinari's first Euro Tour victory in seven years.
8. The Zurich Classic won't offer world-ranking points this year, but that hasn't deterred some of the world's best from teeing it up in what should be a fun format.
Switching this year to a two-man team competition that will feature both foursomes and fourball matches – the first on Tour since 1981 – has brought together seven of the top 10 players in the world.
The latest to commit was Jordan Spieth, who will partner with fellow Texan and close friend Ryan Palmer. Some of the other teams include: Jason Day-Rickie Fowler, Justin Rose-Henrik Stenson, Justin Thomas-Bud Cauley, Bubba Watson-J.B. Holmes, Patrick Reed-Patrick Cantlay and Daniel Berger-Thomas Pieters.
The novelty may wear off after a year or two, but it just goes to show how today's players appreciate outside-the-box thinking, even without world-ranking points on offer.
9. Cristie Kerr played her last 52 holes without a bogey to overtake leader Su-Yeon Jang and capture the Lotte Championship.
Kerr closed with rounds of 62-66 and broke the tournament record at 20-under 268. It was the 39-year-old's 19th career LPGA title.
It is the second victory of the year for the Americans (Brittany Lincicome, Pure Silk Bahamas). That matched their output from all of last year.
10. In danger of losing her world No. 1 ranking, Lydia Ko responded by finishing in a tie for second in Hawaii. It was her best finish of the season.
So Yeon Ryu could have overtaken Ko with a victory and if Ko finished fifth or worse.
Though she held on to the top ranking for at least the next two weeks, Ko is in the midst of a 16-event winless drought, the longest of her career.
In 16 starts since the Women's British, she has only seven top-10s; No. 3 Ariya Jutanugarn, meanwhile, has 14 top-10s in 18 appearances during that span.
11. And perhaps that was enough to lead Ko to make more changes. After the Lotte, she fired another caddie, this time Gary Matthews, after only nine events. She has developed a rather unflattering reputation ...
While the #SB2K17 crew reconvened in Baker's Bay for another week of sun and fun, all your trusty correspondent did last week was drive seven hours home from Augusta, Ga.; head to the doctor for a yearly checkup; complete a few hours of yard work; wait five hours for a plumber; and then clean the entire house before and after Easter brunch.
Yep, these guys win. Again.
This week's award winners ...
Still Some Beef: Sergio Garcia and Padraig Harrington. It was interesting to see how Sergio was depicted – first as the ultimate sportsman after his thrilling playoff victory at Augusta, then as the petulant “sore loser” that Harrington saw a decade earlier. Garcia's transformation has been remarkable – and much-needed.
Hit It Hard: Ollie Schniederjans. The hatless wonder had another chance to win Sunday, and it appears his go-to shot under pressure is to hit it hard. Really hard. On the last two holes, he smoked a pitching wedge 180 and 184 yards. Unfortunately for him, he needed more club on 17, with his tee shot expiring in the bunker short and leading to a bogey.
Golf Quote of the Year: Bryan, describing what it felt like once he got to the 17th tee with the lead: “Honestly, I just threw up a little bit in my mouth. And I was like, Shoot, I guess this is what nervous feels like.”
Undecided: Maverick McNealy. The world No. 1 amateur and newly named Hogan Award winner – given to the graduating senior who excels on and off the course – said last week that he is still no closer to making a decision on whether to turn pro or remain an amateur after college. The guess here is that he'll give the pro ranks a try, if only to see how good he can be, but the next few months will be telling. He'll remain an amateur at least through the Walker Cup in September.
All Good Things …: Bernhard Langer. His second-round 73 Saturday at TPC Sugarloaf snapped his record streak of 36 consecutive rounds of par or better on the PGA Tour Champions. Fittingly, he bounced back the next day with a 65, the best round of the day, to finish second. Because of course he did.
Best wishes: Bruce Lietzke. The 13-time Tour winner will undergo surgery today to remove a brain tumor.
Four Weeks Too Late: Dustin Johnson. The world No. 1, who withdrew from the Masters after a freak back injury, committed to return at the Wells Fargo in early May. He'll be looking for his fourth consecutive victory.
Good Advice for Next Time: John Peterson. Note to self: Take a week off after a bender.
It's best to not do a 3 day bender in Vegas right before a PGA tour event. Just for the 3 of you wondering. #trunkslam — John Peterson (@JohnPetersonPGA) April 14, 2017
No Need To Tell Us About …: Your round at Augusta. Unless it leads to a larger discussion, like this, there is no need for media members to offer a blow-by-blow of their embarrassing 100-plus score the day after the Masters.
When You Have Your Own Spring Break Getaway: Gary Player. Well done, sir.
Blown Fantasy Pick of the Week: Jim Furyk. He owns one of the best records at Harbour Town, and he appeared in good shape after an opening 68. Then he inexplicably sank to a 74 in easy morning conditions to miss the cut by a shot. Sigh.
Thieves who targeted new fire engines stored in a Dundee compound may have scouted out the vehicles after seeing a drone enthusiast's online footage.
Equipment worth thousands of pounds was stolen from the secure compound in Claverhouse after an amateur drone pilot flew his device over the enclosure.
The pilot posted images of the fire appliances taken from the air on Twitter.
One of the posts was even retweeted by Scotland's most senior fire officer Alasdair Hay.
However, an investigation is now under way after criminals targeted the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service's new £3.7 million Asset Resource Centre, which opened five months ago and maintains the north-east of Scotland's entire fleet of fire service emergency vehicles.
The culprits struck on two occasions, first between 9.30pm-10.30pm on March 26 and again between 3.30pm on March 30 and 8am on April 3.
The images of the appliances were posted on Twitter on March 25 but have since been deleted.
A Scottish Fire and Rescue source said security had been tightened following the attack.
The insider said: “There's a belief the images may have tipped off the people behind the thefts. It certainly advertised their presence to a huge audience.
“The engines they targeted were about to be sent to stations in the north of Scotland.
“Lockers were forced open during the break-in and a number of tools were stolen.
“The appliances had to be sent back down south to be fixed at considerable cost.
“Security has now been tightened to prevent any similar incidents happening in the future.”
Items stolen in the first theft included generators, saws, power drills and a variety of other expensive tools.
In the second theft, two vehicle batteries were taken from a storage container at the facility.
A spokeswoman for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said she could not comment because of the ongoing police investigation.
Police Scotland said inquiries into the theft were continuing.
MACON, Georgia (41-NBC/WMGT) – Macon-Bibb Public Affairs Officer, Chris Floore made a visit to the 41-Today studio. He spoke about selfie day tomorrow throughout Macon-Bibb. He is urging people to take a selfie at any government building and post it. He also spoke about the new Coastal Plain League baseball team coming to town. He answered a question about commissioner Joe Allen and his idea to have Macon-Bibb Animal Control give away animals for free. Check out the entire interview with anchor Ty Wilson.
Mr. Crutchfield, age 76, passed away on Thursday, May 24, 2018 at Tennova Healthcare-Lebanon.
He is survived by a loving and devoted family; children, Marva (Andrew) Steverson, Timothy (Triste) Crutchfield, Robert Crutchfield Jr., Jeffery Crutchfield, Roderick (Michelle) Crutchfield Sr. and Michael Crutchfield Sr.; very devoted sisters, Mary Ann Bradley, Shirley Price, Joan Davis, Margaret Ashworth, Rochelle (John) Hall, Inez Whitefield; very devoted brothers, Ralph (Barbara) Crutchfield, James (Betty) Crutchfield; brothers-in-law, Robert (Cassie) Spickard, Joe (Lovenia) Spickard Jr., Donald (Annie) Spickard; sisters-in-law, Mary Copeland, Martha McClenon; many grandchildren; great-grandchildren; other relatives; friends; and special friend, Wilkie Winfree.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the American Cancer Society.
Please keep the Crutchfield family in your thoughts and prayers.
Arrangements are entrusted to J.C. Hellum Funeral Home at 107 Stokes St. in Lebanon, 615-444-4558.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
MAUCKPORT, IN (WAVE) – The Indiana Department of Natural Resources is investigating after a body was pulled from the Ohio River.
Conservation Officer Jim Hash said he and his colleagues pulled a body out of the water about a half-mile upstream from the Matthew Welsh Bridge near Mauckport, Indiana. A call had come in around 6:50 p.m. from someone along the riverbank who had spotted the body.
The victim has not been identified yet. Hash said an autopsy has been scheduled for Thursday. Law enforcement will need to use DNA or fingerprints to identify the deceased due to deterioration resulting from the body being found in the river, according to Hash.
Traveler John Hardin and his family had driven down from Plainfield, Indiana, on Tuesday night to camp in Mauckport. He said when they got in around 8 p.m., the area was filled with law enforcement.
"We noticed the boat ramp had a lot of activity, a lot of police activity when we got there," Hardin said. "And we noticed a lot of boats and what have you, and we suspected there may have been some kind of medical emergency but had no idea what the outcome was. Apparently they found a body in the river and had to retrieve it."
The investigation into what happened is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
By Christie Melhorn, February 2 2018 —
After taking down the Mount Royal University Cougars 107–54 during the first half of Pack the Jack on Feb. 1, Dinos women's basketball set a high bar for the men's team. But the men were up to the task, immediately sinking the game's first baskets with fast footwork and team cohesion.
Despite heavy turnovers, the Dinos entered the first quarter strong with a lay-up by fourth-year guard David Kapinga. The team's smooth ball-handling skills consistently set up fourth-year guard Mambi Diawara and Kapinga for success, scoring eight and six points respectively, each with a perfect shot accuracy rate. The crowded stands exploded with energy when Diawara landed a dunk, fueling the team to a 24–16 close at the end of the first quarter.
The Dinos blazed through the second quarter despite MRU's robust defence and aggressive steals. The Dinos capitalized on every open path to the hoop and recaptured the ball as quickly as they lost it. Immediately after sinking a two-pointer, fifth-year guard Jhony Verrone snatched the ball from MRU and nailed a lay-up. While each Dino on the court shined and almost every player scored multiple points, Kapinga stole the show when he managed two steals and two assists followed by sinking a two-pointer without missing a beat. MRU put up a valiant effort and tore to the basket but struggled to break through the Dinos' solid defence. At the end of the second, the Dinos were up 51–35.
Assistant coach Matt Skinn says the team's pace and ability to harness every opportunity contributed to their success.
“There was a bit of nervous energy to start the game but the guys settled down and really relished in it. We put together possessions with a lot of stops in a row where we were able to capitalize on the other end,” Skinn said. “Our defensive pressure in spurts was really good and created a lot of turnovers. Offensively we were also able to get a lot of open looks.”
Clean passes and relentless plays on the rebound characterized the Dinos' third quarter. Fourth-year guard Lucas Mannes shone. He landed his third three-pointer and held a 70 per cent shot accuracy rate, accumulating a total of 18 points. Diawara resurrected his scoring touch from the first period, placing him as the lead scorer of the game with 20 points and boosting the Dinos to 73–48 by the end of the third.
The Dinos continued to build off their incredible game in the last quarter. Fourth-year forward Lars Schlueter fired up the crowd with a stylish dunk and Mannes remained a lead scorer both within and outside of the paint. With seven-and-a-half minutes left on the clock, the Dinos demonstrated flare after completing two consecutive alley-oops from Schlueter and fifth-year forward Connor Foreman. The Cougars tried to recover with convincing dekes but were quick to be stuffed or boxed out from under the basket by the Dinos. MRU's shots that made it to the basket kept swirling out of the rim and back into the Dinos hands. The Dinos capped off the game 94–68.
Kapinga credits the team's phenomenal performance to effective communication skills and their close bond.
“Coach always says it's not his shot, it's the team's shot. We focus on moving the ball, passing a lot and creating opportunities,” Kapinga said. “Communication is huge. You can't read someone's mind.”
Kapinga wants to carry their fluid dynamic and positive energy into the second half of their back-to-back set against the Cougars.
“Defence and communication is key for tomorrow's game. Today, we had a lot of energy from the crowd but we may not have that tomorrow,” he said. “We need to bring our energy and feel it from our bench. Our bench is always celebrating after every point. Our team is family. It makes it super easy to play.”
The Dinos hit Kenyon Court at MRU at 8 p.m. on Feb. 2. They will play again on Feb. 16 in the Canada West quarterfinals in the Jack Simpson Gym. More details on playoffs will be released in the following days.
Comments
New Year: Be Peaceful, Hopeful APC Urges Rivers People
The Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State, has urged the people of the state to be peaceful and optimistic as they celebrate the New Year.
In a new year message issued in Port Harcourt yesterday by its publicity secretary, Warisenibo Chris Finebone, APC called on the party faithful and people of the State to be hopeful as they enter a new year that promises to be prosperous despite the economic recession facing the country.
Finebone said, “It is only when we are at peace with ourselves and our neighbours that our success can be guaranteed. APC wishes to thank its teeming faithful in Rivers State for remaining steadfast in the face of excruciating economic recession which has impacted negatively on their lives.
“The party therefore urges you to preach peace and hope this New Year because we believe that the economy will experience a lift out of the doldrums of recession and back on the path of growth in 2017.
“Particularly the APC notes that 2016 was politically remarkable in several ways and the party believes that the resolve of each and every APC member will soar in 2017 moving forward.
“The APC pays tribute to our members and associates who might not have been lucky to step into 2017 for whatever reasons. The highest remembrance we can accord them is for those of us alive to exhibit unparalleled audacity for peace, vigour, tenacity, steadfastness, courage and hope in the New Year.”
The APC also called on the people of the state to march into the new year with confidence and renewed enthusiasm because the achievements of the APC in the area of national security and fight against corruption are expected to reflect positively on the national economic sphere for the upliftment of the peoples' standard of living and welfare in 2017.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
× Check your ticket: Winning Powerball ticket worth $1 million sold in Belton
BELTON, Mo. — Someone in the metro had luck on their side this St. Patrick's Day!
A winning Powerball ticket worth $1 million was purchased in Belton for Saturday night's drawing.
If you bought a Powerball ticket at Big Al's Liquor and Wine, located on Highway 71, you should probably check your numbers.
The Missouri Lottery said someone bought the winning ticket, worth $1 million, with the numbers: 22, 57, 59, 60 and 66.
“If you're holding this million-dollar Powerball ticket, please keep it in a safe place until you're ready to claim your prize,” May Scheve Reardon, executive director of the Missouri Lottery, said in a statement.
The lucky winner has exactly 180 days from the drawing to claim their prize, according to the Missouri Lottery. In this case, that's Sept. 13.
A young woman had a facelift aged just 16 to shave years off her appearance due to a rare condition that makes her look decades older than she really is.
Since the age of 12, Zara Hartshorn has often been mistaken for a woman in her 40s due to a genetic disease she inherited from her mother Tracey, who despite being 43 is also often mistaken for a pensioner.
At first, the mother and daughter from Rotherham, South Yorkshire, were under the impression their appearance was down to a condition called lipodystrophy.
However, after visiting the US and meeting with Dr Abu Garg, a lipodystrophy expert at the University of Texas, they in fact found they were suffering from an even rarer condition known as Cutis Laxa.
As well as the obvious symptoms, Cutis Laxa can cause serious health problems affecting the lungs, heart and arteries.
News of the diagnosis shocked Zara and she opted to undergo a four-hour facelift performed by Dr Robert Ersek to shave years off her.
Overjoyed with her new face, Zara brimmed with confidence and Tracey also had a matching procedure soon after to finally look her age.
But four years since the surgery, her saggy skin has slowly returned and a family feud temporarily tore her and her mom apart.
Now 20, Zara admits to not looking after herself and hasn't given her health a second thought.
She said: “When I came back from the States, life was completely different. It was amazing.
“I had so much confidence, got into a relationship. I got pregnant and I was happy.
“But unfortunately I had a miscarriage and I'm no longer in a relationship.
“Since I found out I had Cutis Laxa, I have literally done nothing about it. The last time I saw a doctor was in Texas, which isn't good.
“My health does worry me, but only when I think about it. Most of the time I'm oblivious to it, which isn't a good thing.”
However, Zara is determined to live her life like a normal 20-year-old, despite still fearing meeting new people.
She said: “My facelift has dropped, especially when I smile and I don't like it. It's horrible, it makes me feel old.
“But I'm 20, I want to have fun. I want to be 20 and act 20.”
Eventually, Zara's health began starting to deteriorate but she has finally found the courage to contact Dr Zsolt Urban who has been studying the condition.
Speaking to the doctor online, she was told some devastating news – Curtis Laxa could cause her heart to fail at anytime.
She said: “It is actually a serious illness and I'm disregarding it like it's not even serious. I'm terrified.”
Realizing she'd been living in denial, Zara made the brave decision to have a thorough heart scan. Fortunately, tests showed that Zara's heart was fine.
She said: “I'm buzzing. I'm not going to die.”
Acceptance of her condition has made Zara turn a new corner and she's determined to use it to help others.
She said: “In all honesty, I don't blame anyone for this illness. As daft as it sounds, everyone's born the way they are for a reason and there is a reason I am the way I am.
“For me, the future is about trying to help as many people as possible that have got the same condition as me.
“I would like to inspire and try to help and reach out to those people that are scared to come forward and admit to the world that they have got this illness.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This article originally appeared on The Sun.
Jordi Alba and Sergio Busquets paid a visit to former Barcelona team-mate Marc Barta as he continues his recovery from a broken wrist suffered during last week's attack on Borussia Dortmund's team bus.
Spain centre-back Bartra underwent surgery after the Dortmund squad was targeted by three explosions on their way to last Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final against Monaco at Signal Iduna Park.
A window on the bus shattered and Bartra also had debris removed from his hand, while the match was pushed back a day and Monaco claimed a 3-2 first-leg advantage.
Alba posted a picture of the trio on Instagram and said: "What a joy to see you and to share laughs together, my friend."
Qué alegría verte y compartir risas juntos amigo !!! @marcbartra #Busi A post shared by Jordi Alba (@jordialbaoficial) on Apr 16, 2017 at 11:51am PDT
In an Instagram post of his own last Friday, Bartra described the ordeal of the attack as "the longest 15 minutes of my life".
Dortmund got back to winning ways by beating Eintracht Frankfurt 3-1 on Saturday, where Bartra's team-mates paid tribute to him by holding up his playing shirt and chanting his name with the crowd after the Bundesliga match.
Busquets and Alba face a critical week in Barcelona's season, with Sunday's Clasico trip to Real Madrid coming after Juventus' visit to Camp Nou, where Luis Enrique's men must try to summon further Champions League heroics as they tackle a 3-0 deficit.
PANAMA CITY (AP) — U.S. citizen William Dathan Holbert was sentenced to 47 years in prison by a court in Panama for robbing and killing five other Americans in a Caribbean tourist destination, authorities said Monday.
Holbert's ex-wife Laura Reese was sentenced to 26 years for her role.
Authorities said Holbert admitted killing five people between 2007 and 2010 in Bocas del Toro province in order to steal their property.
Holbert's lawyer, Claudia Alvarado, suggested an appeal was likely.
Holbert and Reese were arrested while trying to enter Nicaragua from Costa Rica in 2010.
That year, the bodies of four adults and one child were found buried on the property of a hostel that Holbert owned.
Holbert killed a U.S. citizen named Mike Brown, his wife and young son in 2007. Authorities have said Brown may have been living under an alias and they don't know where he was from. In 2010, Holbert killed Cheryl Lynn Hughes, a native of St. Louis, Missouri, who ran a small hotel in Panama, and Bo Icelar, former owner of a gallery in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Holbert had left North Carolina after he went through a divorce to a previous wife, sold his landscaping business and filed for bankruptcy. He met Reese in North Carolina.
In Montana, Holbert stole a car and sold it. Back in North Carolina he sold a $200,000 home that he didn't own. Authorities pursued him across a half dozen states that included a high-speed chase in Wyoming.
He and Reese had been living in Panama under the alias Cortez. They were fleeing a Panamanian investigation when they were arrested in Nicaragua.
ELMIRA, NY (WETM) – Harriette Hoyt, the mother who abandoned her eight-month-old baby in a garbage bag outside of a home on Walnut St., in the City of Elmira last August, has been sentenced to serve nine years in prison.
Hoyt agreed to plead guilty to attempted murder in the second degree back in December in order to receive a lesser sentence.
If Hoyt had gone to trial and was found guilty of attempted murder, she could have faced up to 25 years in prison.
Along with her sentence, Hoyt will also serve five years of probation following her release. She also signed an order of protection stating that she not have contact with her child for the next nine years.
The baby, Sabrina, who was found after 72 hours, has been placed with a foster family and is doing well.
Billy Bush spotted holding hands with former 'Access Hollywood' colleague “We're friends. I was his producer for 15 years at ‘Access.' We were all out to dinner . . . his brother, his publicist. It's a ridiculous story," the former colleague said.
Billy Bush says Trump 'Access Hollywood' tape is authentic Billy Bush has pushed back at President Donald Trump's reported statements suggesting that the voice on the infamous “grab 'em by the p—y” “Access Hollywood” tape is not his, writing...
Former Trump aide confirms president's voice on 'Access Hollywood' tape WASHINGTON — President Trump's ​former ​deputy campaign manager said Sunday there's no doubt Trump bragged about ​having his way with women​ on the infamous “Access Hollywood” tape. “It's clear that...
Bannon: Christie response to 'Access Hollywood' tape cost him White House job New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie lost out on a gig in the White House because he didn't support Donald Trump following the release of his scandalous “Access Hollywood” tape, according...
Billy Bush's wife is furious about that Donald Trump tape Bush and Sydney Davis have been married for 18 years and have three daughters.
Melania says Billy Bush 'egged on' Trump in infamous video Melania Trump is standing by her man. The former model defended The Donald on Monday night in her first interview since his sexual misconduct scandal broke — saying the allegations...
Justin Thomas won the PGA Championship to add his name alongside Sergio Garcia (Masters), Brooks Koepka (U.S. Open) and Jordan Spieth (The Open) as major champions this season. In this Golf Channel podcast, the on-site team from Quail Hollow puts a bow on the major season and looks at what's ahead for the likes of Thomas, Spieth and even Rory McIlroy, who may not play until 2017.
WUNC's My Teacher Series explores student-teacher relationships across North Carolina and tries to find out what it takes to make a connection in the classroom.
Today we meet Quinn Okoro and Allayne Thomas, graduating seniors from Enloe High School. They sit down with their art history teacher Grace Jackson and start their conversation by asking what her ideal class would be.
Quinn Okoro and Allayne Thomas talk with their teacher, Grace Jackson.
The Teacher Series is produced by Kimani Hall and made possible in part by a grant from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
× FOX 4 needs your input for our Kentucky Derby party
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — FOX 4 is throwing a Kentucky Derby party on May 5 during the 9 a.m. show, and we want you to be a part of it.
All you have to do is like our Facebook page and then comment on the post below to share your ideas of things we should incorporate into our party.
The 2017 Kentucky Derby is May 7, which is a Saturday, so Kim Byrnes and Nick Vasos will be celebrating a day early.
Not seeing the post, click here to comment.
Search operations resumed Wednesday after an empty boat belonging to the CEO of surfwear brand Quiksilver washed ashore off the coast of southwest France.
Pierre Agnes Iroz Gaizka / AFP - Getty Images file
Pierre Agnes, 54, a father of three, was reported missing Tuesday after his “beloved” vessel Mascaret III was found on an Atlantic beach at Hossegor, near his hometown of Capbreton, which is about 20 miles north of Biarritz.
Agnes hasn't been seen since going on a regular morning fishing expedition, according to his company.
Authorities in the area, which is popular with surfers, said search efforts resumed early Wednesday after being paused overnight.
Quiksilver was founded in Australia but is now part of Boardriders, a California-based apparel group.
Agnes served as the head of Quiksilver's France-based European headquarters before taking charge of the entire company in 2015.
In a statement, Boardriders said Agnes “did what he did many mornings and went fishing on his beloved boat to start his day” but never returned.
“The Boardriders family and entire surfing world are devastated by this news,” it said. “We are concentrating on working with the local authorities on the search and rescue effort and supporting Pierre's family.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Quiksilver CEO's motorboat found on French beach 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
American surfer Kelly Slater posted a picture of Agnes on his Instagram feed saying: “I love this man,” adding that Agnes' boat “washed ashore in the cold, early morning fog."
“I'm praying for a miracle but it's just starting to hit me what a profound effect this man had on my life and the surf community at large,” Slater wrote.
Despite his global business travel, Agnes was “viscerally attached” to his hometown and the “tumultuous” local waters, according to a profile on the Sudouest local news site.
Boardriders this month bought Australian brand Billabong for $155 million.
Intrigue around The Bachelor, ABC's long-running dating reality show, usually centers around rendered roses and resentful rivals, but one contestant on the current season made headlines this week for different reasons.
Rebekah Martinez, 22, has been seen weekly on television screens since Jan. 1 when the season debuted, and yet had also simultaneously been registered as a missing person in California's Humboldt County. That is, until astute viewers and the local newspaper helped set the record straight on Thursday.
On Nov. 18, Martinez's mother called the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office to file a missing person's report, saying she had not heard from her daughter for a week, reports The North Coast Journal.
A sheriff's spokesperson told the newspaper that Martinez told her mother she was going to Humboldt County to work on a marijuana farm.
After trying to get ahold of Martinez and following up on leads, police asked Martinez's mother on Dec. 12 whether she had made contact with her daughter, reports People Magazine. The mother, who has not been identified, said that she did in fact hear from her on Nov. 18 after reporting her missing. And yet she was never removed from the missing persons list. Per procedure, police asked for Martinez to contact the investigator directly, the magazine reports. That didn't happen.
Martinez posted on Instagram on Sept. 17 — presumably around the time filming began for the 22nd season of the show — that she was giving up her "phone and social media for the next several weeks, so if you need to contact me, welll... tough luck!"
But far from flying under the radar, she resumed activity on social media in November, four days after her mother reported her missing and has continued posting regularly.
Yet on Thursday, Humboldt County's The North Coast Journal published a cover story featuring Martinez, headlined, "The Humboldt 35" exploring why the county has California's highest rate of reported missing persons.
After the newspaper posted the article to Facebook, readers pointed out that not only was Martinez not missing, she was a burgeoning reality television star, known as Bekah M., currently among the top 10 contestants whittled down from the original two dozen.
After the Journal contacted the Sheriff's office with the news, a deputy managed to get in touch with Martinez. The deputy said in an email, according to the newspaper, "I just got off the phone with Rebekah. She is in fact the same person. She has been removed from (the Missing and Unidentified Persons Unit)."
The Humboldt 35 is now down to 33 after at least one other person was surprised to read he was officially missing. He called the newspaper to say he was alive and well and still living in the county with a roommate.
In California, a missing person is simply "someone whose whereabouts is unknown to the reporting party," as the state's Office of the Attorney General explains. "There is NO waiting period for reporting a person missing. All California police and sheriffs' departments must accept any report, including a report by telephone, of a missing person."
While Martinez has not explained the confusion directly, she did address it lightheartedly on Friday, tweeting, "honestly the scariest thing about this story is that my efforts to conceal The Worst Drivers License Photo Of All Time have been thwarted."
A five-year-old boy has died after getting caught in the mechanism of a revolving restaurant.
The child was having lunch with his family at the Sun Dial restaurant, which is on the 72nd storey of the Westin Peachtree Plaza skyscraper in Atlanta.
It is one of the American city's most popular tourist attractions.
The boy got his head stuck in a five-inch gap between the stationary floor and the restaurant's rotating wall on Friday afternoon.
Rescuers took 30 minutes to free him from the gap, by which point he had sustained serious head injuries.
The boy, who was visiting the city with family from North Carolina, was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he died.
The Independent reports that a spokesperson for Atlanta Police Department said: “The child was in the restaurant having lunch with his family and doing what small children do.
“We simply think he lost sight of his parents and panicked and found himself in that situation.”
“A small child doesn't know what to do in those moments, and it crushed his small body.”
The restaurant will remain closed for the rest of the Easter weekend.
The manager of the Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel said in a statement that he would make every effort to assist the police in their investigation.
“Words cannot express the depths of our sorrow,” the statement said. “Our thoughts remain with the family.”
The boy's death comes just a year after a 61-year-old employee died at the same hotel after she was accidentally locked in a freezer overnight.
Donna Jackson, 36, of Mull Terrace, has admitted she punched Tracey Rae on the face in Mull Terrace on July 3.
Sentence was deferred until May 4 for a personal appearance.
Elsewhere, James Ireland, 35, of Finella Gardens, was fined £200 and given four penalty points.
He admitted driving at 61mph on Kingsway at Caird Park, exceeding the limit of 40mph.
Saeed Adyani / Via Netflix ID: 10528386
Viewers have been devouring Netflix's Santa Clarita Diet since its Feb. 3 launch the same way Drew Barrymore's character Sheila eagerly inhales a finger, post-zombie transformation.
And the debut season, which had only 10 half-hour episodes, came to an abrupt, shocking end: After being arrested and revealing to the jail psychologist that his wife is a zombie, Joel (Timothy Olyphant) is institutionalized, while Sheila, as Barrymore described it, is “chained up, baby” back at home in the basement. “I didn't know where it was going [either],” Barrymore told BuzzFeed News of the finale during a Netflix press event in New York.
Fresco, Olyphant, and Barrymore during Netflix's press event at the Hudson Mercantile in New York City on Feb. 8. Marion Curtis / Via Netflix ID: 10528465
Getting the ending right to the premiere season of Santa Clarita Diet was very important to Barrymore, and she had a lot of feelings about it going in that she wasn't shy about sharing with creator Victor Fresco. The finale, Barrymore said, “was the only episode where I was like, constantly bothering Victor and showing up like Tracy Flick from Election with my papers.”
“I like ambiguity when it feels satisfying,” Barrymore said. “I fucking hate ambiguity when I'm like, Dot, dot, what? Dot, dot, fucking fall off, what?” To her, Santa Clarita Diet's finale falls into the former category. She enjoyed that the ending takes Sheila back to square one: She's till trying to sell the listing she and Joel have been showing the whole season, even though both are physically restrained indefinitely. “She's talking about the first house they're talking about when they're burying Nathan Fillion,” Barrymore said. “It's like all the same dialogue, it is the house, so there's just something about a life goes on and that daily sort of wonderful monotony, like, isn't monotonous for them anymore.”
Barrymore and Fresco said that Sheila didn't plan for this outcome, with Joel safe in the mental institution. But a lot of planning did go into Barrymore conveying where Sheila's mind is at in the finale's last scene. “I really wanted to have a certain facial expression for her going out, so if you were to ever look at the way she looks at the moment you come into the show, they're very different faces attitudinally, sort of of bone structurally, like internal dialogue-y, having lived that experience,” Barrymore said of Sheila's final eyebrow raise. “That was what I was trying to do at the end.”
Saeed Adyani / Via Netflix ID: 10528551
Fresco said that ultimately, Sheila is optimistic about her family's future, which aligns with her taking the call to show the listing once again, even when she and Joel are physically restrained. “It's a delicious optimism,” said Barrymore.
And for the actor, the final line of the show — “Hopefully next week one of us will be free” — “was so wonderfully on the nose.” Barrymore explained: “Like, we were the least free we've been in the whole show after getting to, like, live bliss, go crazy, like we're anything but free, will we actually be free literally of an institution and a chained-up situation? So that word I always wanted to kind of like marble in my mouth as like a little ding.”
Netflix has yet to confirm a Santa Clarita Diet Season 2, but Season 1 is currently streaming and the cast and creator hope it will withstand Netflix's never-ending crop of new series. “I'm so curious, like in two months from now it's like, ‘What was that show you were on?'” Olyphant joked. “It's certainly not a status quo show, so hopefully it will be a little memorable for that,” Fresco said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRANDVIEW, Mo. -- For businesses, it seems to be a good time to go to Grandview. Three big companies are in the process of setting up shop.
Great location, great traffic -- That's what Kim Curtis says Grandview is all about.
"People are wanting to get into Grandview, definitely," Curtis said.
Curtis is the president of Grandview's Chamber of Commerce and said the town of 25,000 continues to grow.
"We've got a community that's really easy to work with in terms of bringing businesses here," she said. "We were noticed as one of the top five cities in the metro as being the easiest process to go through when you`re permitting or bringing a business here."
Just inside the city limits, Kelly Construction is building its new facility from the ground up.
Winco Fireworks is moving in to share production with existing business Church & Dwight.
Curtis said Construction Brokers is also headed south of the metro to the Jackson County city.
All together, it's about 100 jobs.
"Its exciting. We're all about business, and when we have new folks coming in to join the businesses that have been here for years and years, it just brings everybody up," Curtis said.
Mike Christ, owner of Stonebridge Collective, decided to start his business in Grandview about six months ago.
"We opened our doors in September," Crist said. "We've owned the building for a little over two years and really renovated the space and made it our own and have been open for about six months."
Stonebridge Collective started as a landscaping business and expanded to indoor and outdoor lifestyle products.
Crist said the location brings in business.
"It's very accessible for the entire city," he said. "We've got access to Johnson County, to the Northland, right through the city, all over. It`s just a great location for us."
"We've got nearly 80,000 cars that go through Grandview every day on I-49, so it`s a good location," Curtis said.
Crist said new businesses coming to town means more car traffic and more customers in the door.
"It's very encouraging," he said. "It makes you feel like you're not alone because other people see the potential. Hopefully more traffic to them means more traffic to us."
Curtis said she's not sure how much tax revenue the companies will bring in just yet for the city.
CONTRACTORS have demolished the unsafe section of the Opotiki wharf.
Opotiki District Council engineering and services group manager Ari Erickson said the work to demolish the unsafe 1920s part of the wharf had been completed.
Back in 2015, structural engineers found the 1920s section of the wharf was unsafe and at risk of imminent collapse, even in a minor earthquake.
Contractors have now built a steel sheet pile wall to retain earth in place, protecting the river environment so they could remove the degraded concrete structure of the 1920s section.
Mr Erickson said it was proposed the removed section would be rebuilt in 2020.
-Sven Carlsson
This is the seventh in a nine-part series examining the Jets' needs position by position with free agency starting on Tuesday. Linebackers Currently on roster: David Harris Age: 30 2013...
Huawei may not be a big player here in the United States, but it's slowly easing itself in. The Mate 9 is the first flagship device that the Chinese OEM is officially selling here under the Huawei moniker, and it's not a bad introduction. In our Mate 9 review, we found that the Mate 9 was a solid device, and its MSRP of $599.99 was reasonable. At just $379.99 for a refurbished unit, this phablet is a downright steal.
The Mate 9 is quite the powerhouse. Aside from the lower-resolution 5.9" 1080p display, the rest of the specs are top-notch. Those include a Kirin 960 octa-core chip, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage with microSD expansion, dual 12MP RGB and 20MP monochrome sensors out back, an 8MP camera up front, and a massive 4000mAh battery. Android 7.0 Nougat with EMUI 5.0 comes on board, and this iteration of EMUI is a big improvement.
Best Buy has refurbished units of the Mate 9 for just $379.99 - that's $220 less than the MSRP, which was already fairly competitive. Two-day shipping is free, but if you're just too impatient, you can opt for store pickup. There was actually a Best Buy via eBay listing as well, but that's since sold out. So if you want one, be warned: they look to be going quick.
British police said on Wednesday they suspected two people found in a critical condition near the English city where a former Russian spy was poisoned earlier this year may have been exposed to an unknown substance.
Police in Wiltshire, where ex-double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent in March, took the rare step of declaring a major incident after a man and a woman were found unconscious on Saturday in Amesbury.
The pair is now in hospital in a critical condition.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement. “Based upon the number of casualties affected, it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public.”
The pair, both in their 40s, were initially believed to have taken heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs. They are being treated at Salisbury District Hospital, which remains open as usual, police said.
The Skripals spent weeks in a critical condition in the same hospital before slowly recovering and being discharged.
More than three days since the two people were found, tests are still being conducted to ascertain what substance made them ill.
Amesbury lies seven miles (11 kms) to the north of Salisbury, where the Skripals were found slumped unconscious on a bench on March 4.
Police said sites in both Amesbury and Salisbury that they believed the man and woman found in Amesbury had frequented would be cordoned off as a precaution.
A Public Health England (PHE) spokesman said there was not a significant risk to the wider public.
Britain blamed Russia for poisoning Skripal with Novichok nerve agent, the first known offensive use of such a nerve agent on European soil since World War Two.
Moscow denied any involvement and suggested Britain had carried out the attack to stoke anti-Russian hysteria.
Russia has said it does not have such nerve agents, did not develop Novichok, and President Vladimir Putin dismissed as nonsense the notion that Moscow would have poisoned Skripal and his 33-year-old daughter.
The attack prompted the biggest Western expulsion of Russian diplomats since the Cold War as allies in Europe and the United States sided with Prime Minister Theresa May's view that Moscow was either responsible or had lost control of the nerve agent.
Moscow has hit back by expelling Western diplomats, questioning how Britain knows that Russia was responsible and offering its rival interpretations, including that it amounted to a plot by British secret services.
Japan will probably be able to avoid the worst effects of U.S. President Donald Trump's sudden decision to raise tariffs on metal imports, but the change has rattled the U.S. ally and would hurt its economy if it leads to a broader trade war.
With implementation of the tariffs slated for Friday, Australia has secured an exemption but Japan has so far been left out in the cold. Even if these were imposed on Japan's steel and aluminum exports, the direct effect may be limited as the nation's not a big exporter to the U.S.
Pumping Iron About 5 percent of Japanese steel and iron exports go to the U.S. Source: Japan's Ministry of Finance
Read more: U.S. Said to Offer Trade Relief for Help in Pressuring China
The proposal from Japan's closest ally and second-largest trading partner comes at a bad time for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who is weakened by plummeting support over a cronyism scandal at home, and was also kept out of the loop over the planned meeting between Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un. The larger concern is that the tariffs may lead to retaliation from other countries and damage global trade and Japan's economy.
The Trump administration is pressing countries to ally with the U.S. against Chinese trade policies in exchange for relief from the tariffs, according to a European official.
Concerned About Protectionism
Speaking at the Group of 20 finance ministers' meeting in Buenos Aires, State Minister of Finance Minoru Kihara said that protectionism would not prove beneficial to any country, and that other nations at the meeting voiced concerns about the issue.
Here are some of the possible outcomes for Japan:
Exemption
As a treaty ally Japan may be able to make a persuasive case that its exports do not imperil U.S. national security. Moreover, Japan only accounted for about 5 percent of U.S. steel imports in 2017, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce.
"I would expect Japan to get exempted without any particular conditions being established, because it is such an important ally," said Matthew Goodman, senior adviser for Asian economics at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.
Soft Commitment
Another possibility would be for Japan to offer some kind of commitment with the understanding that the U.S. would exclude it from the tariffs.
"There may be some sort of implicit deal, given that Abe has been willing to do a lot of things to make Trump happy," said Goodman, who has also worked for the U.S. Treasury and the National Security Council. He highlighted promises of additional investment by Japanese manufacturers in the U.S. as a possibility while noting that it's difficult for the government to control such flows.
No But Yes
One other possibility is that Japan won't be exempted from the list of countries facing the tariffs, but exceptions will be made for specific high-quality products that the U.S. won't be able to procure otherwise.
Japan is likely to receive exemptions for specific products, Trade Minister Hiroshige Seko said at a press conference in Tokyo on Tuesday. The nation is also coordinating with the EU on how to address the tariffs.
“Steel used for oil pipelines, for train tracks -- the U.S. can't make those types of expensive goods, so they have no choice but to buy from Japan,” said Masahiko Hosokawa, Chubu University Professor and a former Japanese trade ministry official who worked on trade policy with the U.S. “It's highly likely those products will be exempted from the tariffs.”
Escalation
Japan has thus far eschewed the more confrontational approach of the EU, which has already released a list of proposed products that could be hit with retaliatory tariffs. However, raising a complaint at the World Trade Organization remains an option for Japanese leaders. This would likely enable Japan to implement their own tariffs to compensate for the lost trade, depending on the WTO's findings.
“I expect Japan to join the EU if and when it asks for WTO consultations,” said Jun Okumura, a former trade ministry official who is a visiting scholar at the Meiji Institute of Global Affairs. “However, I believe that the Abe administration will refrain from any retaliatory actions until the WTO process runs its course.”
WTO dispute settlement proceedings take at least several months, and could drag on for longer than a year. Depending on what happens to U.S. negotiations over the North American Free Trade Agreement, Japan's steelmakers could also suffer further setbacks. At least some of Japan's steel exports to other nations -- Mexico, for example -- likely end up in the U.S.
— With assistance by Yoshiaki Nohara
Is more than US$18 million share out as bonus
Dem Ministers quiet. Since dem get ketch dem so shame dem ain't even come out dem house this weekend. Fuh months dem reporters was asking dem about de signing bonus and fuh months dem seh dem ain't know wha de reporters talking bout. One man seh de whole talk about bonus was a figment of de imagination.
De news come out and all of dem shame. Now another question popping up because dem boys believe is more than de US$18 million. Dem knows that Exxon got a way of giving out money under de table to get dem own way in countries like Guyana.
Dem boys remember how dem give a president nuff money, so much that he son coulda buy high-end cars and a fancy house in California. De set in Guyana would never seh no to money, especially since dem see wha Jagdeo do wid de treasury. Dem boys know that dem Ministers can't do that because people watching.
But Exxon knows how to pass money under de table; that is why dem boys believe is more than de US$18 million. Is not de first time government people lie bout money. Jagdeo never answer de question bout wheh he gets he money from.
Ole people always seh when mouth open story jump out. Some odda old people do seh that when poe bore is nuff spill.
Dem same people also know when thieves and whores fall out nutten don't hide. Everybody guns know wheh de rest of de money that Exxon pay deh and who get.
Talk half and wait fuh de fall out.
A GROUP WITH links to Scientology is delivering a large number of self-help books to working class areas in Dublin, TheJournal.ie has learned.
‘The Way to Happiness' is a book written by the founder of Scientology, L Ron Hubbard.
A group, also called ‘The Way to Happiness', has been delivering the 70-page guide to homes in Dublin's inner city, as well as Firhouse and Tallaght.
There is no mention of the Church of Scientology in the entire booklet. However, L Ron Hubbard is cited as the trademark owner.
According to the official Scientology website, the book is about “common sense” and that it is “an educational work that provides anyone with an easy–to–follow road map for living”.
More than 117 million copies of the booklet, in 114 languages, have been distributed to people of all races, cultures and creeds throughout the world, according to the pseudo-religion.
Titles for some of the chapters of the book are set out under the following commandment-style headings:
Don't Be Promiscuous
Do Not Murder
Be Competent
Try Not to Do Things to Others That You Would Not Like Them to Do to You
Try to Treat Others As You Would Want Them to Treat You
Former Scientologist turned activist John McGhee said he would frequently take part in these drops when he was a member of the group.
He told TheJournal.ie:
“We would regularly have a designated weekend where we would choose an impoverished area and would blitz the neighbourhood with these booklets. We often went to Belfast to do the same.
“The instructions within the booklets roughly correspond to the christian Ten Commandments.”
One of the chapter titles. Source: The Way To Happiness
McGhee said he encountered the ‘Way to Happiness' group on Sheriff Street last year.
TheJournal.ie reported in April of last year how members of the church had made a number of visits to the inner city area.
In a report on one such visit campaigns director for the church's national affairs office Jerry Alred said locals had welcomed them, coming out of their homes to watch them plant flowers.
Alred said in his report, which has been seen by this publication:
Every week that we come to clean there are some older gentlemen standing in front of the church and they welcome us and smile. There are a lot of nice people in Sheriff Street. Sheriff Street itself looks a mess and needs another clean up.
The Church of Scientology has been trying to establish a position for itself in Irish society in recent years, and opened a large community centre in Firhouse, south Dublin last year.
The Victory Centre in Firhouse was opened as Scientology's European base after it was bought by the international group.
It boasts a 1,050-seat state-of-the-art auditorium, sports pitches, meeting rooms and a full service cafe.
Scientology has been in Ireland since 1956 when its creator L Ron Hubbard opened an office in Dublin.
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
A vehicle drives into protesters demonstrating against a white nationalist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. Ryan M. Kelly / The Daily Progress via AP
Fields is accused of having driven his Dodge Challenger into a group of counter-protesters, killing
Heather Heyer, 32, and injuring 19 other protesters. Two Virginia State Police officers also died when the helicopter from which they were monitoring Saturday's protests crashed.
Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas told reporters Monday that his department was opening new investigations into “calls about assaults that are just being reported.”
Asked who was responsible for the violence, Thomas curtly replied, “This was an alt-right rally.” But he said more than once that many of the confrontations Saturday were “mutually engaged attacks” fueled by “mutually combative individuals.”
The site of the attack, on 4th Street, was supposed to have been closed on Saturday, Thomas said. Asked how the driver was able to got through, he replied: “I'm not sure.”
Photos:
Violence in Charlottesville Sparks Outrage Around U.S.
Questions have been raised about law-enforcement preparations for the “Unite the Right” event, which was organized to protest the removal of a statue honoring Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Thomas defended his department, saying demonstrators abandoned plans negotiated ahead of time to coordinate their gathering in Emancipation Park.
“We wanted to ring them in. Unfortunately, they didn't follow the plan,” he said. “We wanted to make sure they could leave safely, [but] individuals chose to remain and cause violence.”
Thomas said, “We were not intimidated by firepower of the alt-right,” but he acknowledged that he had regrets about how the rally was handled.
“We lost three lives this weekend,” he said. “We regret this tragic day.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester & District FA Senior Cup
Upton AA will face quadruple-chasing Blacon Youth in the final of the C&C Catering Equipment Ltd Chester & District FA Senior Cup.
Upton bounced back from their West Cheshire League Pyke Cup semi-final heartbreak by sealing their place in the showpiece with a penalty shoot-out success over Tarporley Victoria on Good Friday.
A titanic last-four clash finished 3-3 after extra-time with Daniel Ball, Joe Marley and Aaron Greenwood forcing spot-kicks for Vics after Nathan Mapletoft (2) and Lee Guirado had put Todd Reid's side in front.
But it was Upton who emerged as 6-5 winners with Will Kent scoring the decisive penalty.
Earlier in the day Blacon had also overcome Cheshire League opponents.
They ran out 4-0 winners over Deva Christleton thanks to hat-trick hero Tom George and Sam Henry.
Chester & Wirral League
It was the second time in the space of three days that Blacon had booked their place in a final.
Last Wednesday they beat Newton Athletic 5-0 with four goals from hitman Henry and one from George to secure their place in the Chester & Wirral League Dee 106.3 League Cup showpiece.
The Cairns Crescent outfit's opponents at the Lookers Vauxhall Stadium on May 13 will be Franklyn's after they swept aside New Ferry 6-2.
Blacon are also going for glory in the Queensferry Sports Premier Division and the Roodee Web Designs Tom Gerraghty Memorial Trophy.
The final of the Devaprint Cayzer Shield will be contested between Upton JFC and St Saviours after their 2-0 and 4-3 respective victories over Hoole Rangers and Overpool Athletic last Monday.
Danny Williams (3) and man-of-the-match Joe Williams got the goals for Upton, who then won 6-1 at Elton Rigger (Wayne Clark) in Link Up Division Two last Wednesday courtesy of Danny Evans (3), Jay Wong, Tom Berry and Callum Berry.
On the same night Christleton Celtic (Charlie Jones 2) triumphed 2-1 at home to Ellesmere Port in the Premier Division.
The sides met again on Saturday with Ellesmere Port (Graham Davidson 3, Stephan Lewis 3, James Holroyd 2, Niall Evans, Steven Morgan) this time running out 10-3 home winners.
Higher Bebington Kelma (Mark Lawler 2, Ben Kierman) won 3-2 at home to Ellesmere Port Town Reserves (Ellis Williams, Conner Bagley).
Improving Chester Argyle were 1-0 home winners over Overpool in Division Two.
But Upton JFC (Evans) lost their Cayzer Shield dress rehearsal 4-1 at St Saviours (Eammon Ryan, Joe Burns, Carl Ngiam, Dean Cain) and Upton Rangers were beaten 7-1 at Princes Villa (Jordan Bowyer, Kyle Huish, Mitch Glover, Charlie Bell 2, Jack Roberts 2).
Blacon Youth (Lee Bennion 2, Chris Larson, Jamie Rogers) will take on Neston Nomads in the semi-finals of the Doug Johnson Veterans Trophy after their 4-0 home victory over Bushell Athletic.
The other last-four tie will be between Tarvin Precision Vets Division B champions Shotton Steel and Avenue.
Neston (Paul Knowles, Richard Deponeo, James Thompson) took over top spot in Tarvin Precision Vets Division C after drawing 3-3 at home to Mersey Royal.
In the Monday Night 11s Division, Christleton beat Sykrop to record their first win of the campaign, while Elton Athletic edged out Bears Paw 1-0.
Chester & District FA Challenge Cup
Newton are through to to Unite the Union Chester & District FA Challenge Cup final, where they will face Christleton Celtic.
B Woodman, M McIntyre, A Fox and D Christian fired Newton to their 4-0 semi-final success over Blacon Youth Reserves on Saturday.
Wirral District FA Junior Cup
Sutton Athletic's dream first season has continued.
Fresh from sealing the Chester & Wirral League Link Up Division Two title, they made it a double on Friday by beating FC UBER 5-0 in the Wirral District FA Junior Cup final on Good Friday.
Chester & District Sunday League
Waverton were unable to prevent The Cat from regaining pole position in Chester & District Sunday League Section B.
But it could have been diffrent had Steve Finlay not missed the chance to put Waverton in front in the 40th minute from the penalty spot.
Finlay's effort was saved by Sam Smith and before the half was out Cat opened the scoring through Jamie Easton.
Easton added his second after the restart and Ryan Abrahams bagged a brace of his oven before Ashley Hughes reduced the arrears late on.
West Park Rangers finished their season on a high by powering to a 12-1 home success over Dee Rangers.
Matty Tarbuck (2), Kevin McGovern (2), Lee Newman (2), Declan McHugh (2), Kurt Clarke and Peter Gilmartin did the damage for West Park with Andy Harrison notching Dee's consolation.
FC Blacon completed the double over derby rivals St Theresa's by winning their Concorde Trophies Section A home clash 2-1 with goals from Adam Cheers and Jay Page.
West Cheshire League
Helsby have been unable to climb out of the West Cheshire League Division One relegation places.
They lost 3-1 at home to table-topping Newton last Wednesday, in spite of a Billy Campbell strike, and then fell by the same scoreline at Vauxhall Motors on Saturday, Dean Craven with the reply from the penalty spot.
Chester Nomads had gone down 3-2 at home to Motors last Wednesday despite controlling large parts of the game.
Dale Harris and Joe Imlach, who later went off with an arm injury, were on target for Nomads.
On the same night in Division Three, Upton AA Reserves (Alex Hale) lost 3-1 at Litherland REMYCA Reserves.
The following evening Helsby Reserves were beaten 2-0 at home by Cheshire Lines.
Rock-bottom Helsby (Tom White) then lost 8-1 at home to Ashville Reserves on Saturday.
Welsh Premier League
Airbus UK Broughton marked their final home game in the Welsh Premier League in ignominious fashion with a 7-0 thrashing by Newtown on Friday.
There was little cheer for the relegated Wingmakers whose crushing defeat equalled their worst in 13 seasons in the league.
Chief tormentor was Jason Oswell, a former Airbus striker, who fired his third hat-trick in a prolific campaign that now sees him certain to land the league's Golden Boot.
"It was very disappointing, the performance was flat after being relegated the week before," admitted Wingmakers boss Andy Thomas, whose side complete their miserable season at Cefn Druids on Saturday (5.15pm).
Cheshire League
Tarporley slipped to the bottom of Division One after going down 3-1 at Egerton on Monday.
Marley had given Vics hope.
Deva Christleton strengthened their grip on second spot in Division Two with a 5-1 victory at home to Unicorn Athletic.
Are you the soon-to-be Mom or Dad of a new baby?
Well, parenting can be hard!
Would you like FREE text message tips to help you have a healthy baby?
Text BABY to 511411 for free health and safety tips for during your pregnancy that are tailored to your due date! B96 Cares!
It was very cold and snowy in Buffalo on Sunday when the Bills took on the Colts. Here are some fans who dressed for the game:
But then, because these fans always exist, one group of enthusiastic fans tried to prove that they would not succumb to weather by doing something like putting a shirt on.
Seriously, guys, put a shirt on.
Thanks for signing up. You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow.
See FTW stories in your feed
After years of anticipation, Sherlock Season 4 finally premiered Sunday night on PBS and it's a toss up as to whether (…)
“The Bachelor” is returning to television screens across America tonight and you'd be surprised about how much Kareem (…)
New England is pretty good at this football thing.
This is it. This is the year 49ers CEO Jed York fulfills his destiny and establishes himself as the worst owner in the NFL. The early (…)
All that work for five yards.
The NASCAR driver breaks it all down.
It's getting ‘Hot in Herre' and maybe you know what the next line is. So to paraphrase even though its not really getting hot in here, if it's getting hot in here then take off all your pads. Here's Nelly.
But that doesn't excuse the 64-year-old Emmy award winning sportscaster from his awkward remarks while introducing Nelly as a performer during the annual NHL Winter Classic.
Bob Costas introduced Nelly during the NHL Winter Classic in the most awkward way possible
http://usat.ly/2iw4Ow6
Bob Costas introduced Nelly during the NHL Winter Classic in the most awkward way possible
Bob Costas is a national treasure. But that doesn't excuse the 64-year-old Emmy award winning sportscaster from his awkward remarks (…)
I found this on FTW and wanted to share: %link% For more great sports stories ... *visit For The Win: https://www.ftw.usatoday.com *follow @ForTheWin: https://www.twitter.com/forthewin *like FTW on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/usatodayftw
Look: There's a lot of stuff happening right now. A lot of really scary, frightening stuff.
This won't make you forget any of it, but if you need a break from all that stuff, here are some dogs taking turns hitting a balloon up in the air like they were playing volleyball:
this is what u needed to see today pic.twitter.com/9vmk56eBkl — Ⓙⓔⓢⓢⓘⓒⓐ Ⓟⓐⓨⓝⓔ (@JP_1816) August 11, 2017
Aside from it being adorable, it also ends with the dogs popping in the balloon, which is perfect.
Anthony Crowell, Anarius Brinkley and Copeland Bradford had long touchdown runs and Ledon Davis a 5-yarder for the Aviators, who also received a fumble recovery TD by Bradford.
Fisher Bradshaw was Winfree Bryant's top tackler.
“We controlled the line of scrimmage,” fourth-year Winfree Bryant coach Jody Criswell said. “Our defensive line was getting consistent penetration. The offensive line was very consistent in making their blocks.
“Overall, it was one of the best all-around team efforts we've had since I've been here.”
Winfree Bryant will travel to Walter J. Baird for a 6:30 p.m. game Aug. 24.
by Cascade Policy Institute
By Jessica Miller
Portland has a longstanding history of attempting to socially engineer people's transportation patterns, and the “Better Naito” project is no different.
In 2015, a group of students from Portland State University created the idea of “Better Naito” as their capstone project. From April 28th until September 30th each year, Portland planners intend to enhance the lives of pedestrians and bikers along the Waterfront by reducing car capacity from two lanes to one on SW Naito Parkway and transforming one lane into an open area for walkers and bikers. The project was implemented and paid for by the Portland Bureau of Transportation (PBOT), Portland State University (PSU), Better Block PDX, and $350,000 from the Portland City Council.
Advocates of “Better Naito” claim that “[f]eedback from the public was very positive,” but there is more to the story. After receiving copious amounts of negative feedback from business owners who see fewer shoppers, employees who experience longer commutes, and shoppers who can't reach desired downtown destinations, the Portland Businesses Alliance created a petition to the Portland City Council in opposition to “Better Naito.” They claim the project is “harmful to our city's economy and extremely disruptive to commuters.”
It's no surprise Portland's latest attempt to centrally plan commuters' lives is backfiring, but that hasn't stopped advocates from making the project annual. To voice your opinion on “Better Naito,” visit the Portland Business Alliance's online petition.
Jessica Miller is a Research Associate at Cascade Policy Institute, Oregon's free market public policy research organization.
Why it matters to you Buyer beware. Spending real money on Destiny Silver from Steam does not give players anything aside from a notification.
When Destiny first launched as a console exclusive in 2013, many wondered if it would ever make its way to PC. With Destiny 2 answering the call for a PC port this fall, it seems odd that people were able to purchase the first game's currency, Destiny Silver, through Steam.
According to Eurogamer, a few Destiny listings were discovered on SteamDB by some users on NeoGAF. While the listings have since been taken down, Steam users were temporarily able to drop real-world money on Destiny Silver. We tried this ourselves, and while it was possible, buyers don't actually get anything from it.
Purchasing Destiny Silver through Steam cost $0.01 for one silver or $20.01 for 2,000 silver and 300 bonuses. These prices are roughly the same through the PlayStation Store, save for the single silver piece. Players are only able to purchase units of 500, 1,000, or 2,000.
In the original Destiny, silver could be purchased using real-world money, then used to buy goods for in-game characters at the Eververse Store. It is peculiar that people would be able to purchase silver for a game that does not exist on Steam. We have contacted Activision about the Steam listings and will give an update when we hear more information.
Before there is any speculation about the first Destiny finally receiving a port for PC, keep in mind that Bungie is releasing the sequel in a few months through Battle.net. Even if there were plans for a port, it would likely release in the same manner. It is also unlikely for the first game to release so close to the sequel.
The biggest reason to move the game to PC is the significant jump in performance. Not only do players get smoother frame rates, the jump in power offers full 4K support with more detailed textures.
Destiny 2 releases in a couple of months for PC on October 24. For console players, the game releases more than a month earlier — on September 6 — for the Xbox One and PlayStation 4. Those who want to give this sci-fi shooter a try can check out the PC beta that's planned for later this month. Players can prepare for the release by linking their Battle.net accounts with their Bungie profiles.
Video
Seventy years ago Raj, a Hindu man, fell in love with Jasmine, a Muslim woman.
But their love story took a dramatic turn when they were separated by India's partition in 1947. Sectarian violence forced millions to leave their homes.
Told for the first time, these are the personal stories of horror and humanity from when British rule in India came to a dramatic and violent end, and two nations were born.
Suburban apartments are popping up
11030 David Taylor Drive is currently an undeveloped field off West Mallard Creek Church Road but is one of several locations where developers are planning big new, suburban apartment complexes. Even as attention focuses on the high profile sites next to the light rail and uptown office towers, developers are turning their focus to the suburbs, where there's cheaper land and plenty of demand.
Managers Zinedine Zidane and Jupp Heynckes both believe the blockbusting Champions League semi-final between holders Real Madrid and Bayern Munich is wide open.
The two sides, both giants of the European game, meet each other in the first leg of their eagerly-anticipated last four tie at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday night (kick-off 7.45pm, live on RTÉ2).
Madrid, who are bidding for a 13th European crown and a third in succession, beat the Germans in last year's quarter-finals but coach Zidane insists that counts for nothing.
The Frenchman, speaking at a pre-match press conference covered by UEFA.com, said: "I don't think there are any favourites. It's a semi-final - it's completely different to last season. It's a different match.
"We are in the semi-finals and we want to play a good game. We are prepared for that, knowing that we are going to have to suffer.
"We will need a big performance against a strong opponent. Bayern is a great club with great team spirit. I have no doubts that mentally we will be at 150 per cent."
Opposite number Heynckes echoed those thoughts as he conducted his pre-match media duties.
The veteran German said: "Both of our teams will provide us with attractive football. There are big players and it will be an open game. For me there is no favourite but I have a good feeling.
"We have had success in the Bundesliga, reached the final of the cup and we want to cap that with the final of the Champions League."
Heynckes has guided both clubs to Champions League glory in the past. His success with Real in 1998 - beating a Juventus side that included Zidane in the final - ended a 32-year wait for European success at the Bernabeu.
Heynckes, also a winner with Bavaria in 2013, said: "I have some great memories in the Champions League, 1998 for example. It was a fantastic feeling when the whistle went and Real were European champions again. It was a big moment but I do not like to look back, I live in the present.
"It's a wonderful privilege to have had success in my career and to reach the semi-finals - and hopefully the final - against one of my old clubs, Real Madrid."
The match provides an opportunity for Colombia forward James Rodriguez, who is on loan at Bayern this season, to make a point to his parent club.
"I didn't want James to leave," said Zidane. "He wanted more game time, which I can understand. I never had any problem with him, he just wanted to play.
"James loves to play football, so of course he'll want to do a good job - but not to show me or prove me wrong."
Follow Bayern Munich v Real Madrid via our live blog on RTÉ.ie/sport and the News Now App, or watch live on RTÉ2 and RTÉ Player from 7.00pm
DELPHI, Ind. (AP) — Authorities are performing autopsies on two bodies found near a northern Indiana creek during a search for two missing 13-year-old girls.
State Police Sgt. Kim Riley says the autopsies are set for Wednesday morning in Terre Haute.
Riley said Tuesday that authorities haven't identified the bodies that were found during a search for teenagers Liberty German and Abigail Williams, but that they suspect foul play.
The bodies were discovered along Deer Creek near Delphi, about 60 miles northwest of Indianapolis and about three-quarters of a mile from an abandoned railroad bridge where the two girls were dropped off Monday to go hiking. They were reported missing hours later after they did not appear at a predetermined meeting place.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Good news! The U.S Men's and Women's Soccer teams have some new jerseys. Here they are.
According to Nike's release:
With the pervasive red aesthetic, the U.S. National Teams will feature in a core color of the United States flag as they embark on an exciting and important year of competitive international competitions. Similar to the current home jersey, the red jersey is adorned with several patriotic flares throughout the material, including “1 Nation” and “1 Team” on the inside cuffs of the sleeve, in addition to “USA” displayed on the neckline. The slim cut provides a distraction-free fit while preserving range of motion. The USA crest and the Swoosh logo are heat transferred for a flexible, breathable finish that does not interfere with athlete performance.
Some people on the internet they noticed they weren't that original…
I like the red U.S. jerseys. Except, 🤔… pic.twitter.com/M1iLxS0ngM — Paul Carr (@PCarrESPN) February 15, 2017
But either way, I still like them. What do you think?
LAKE WALES, Fla. — Paris Hall, 12, says she was terrified to wake up Monday morning to find a burglar in her room. But, she will also tell you she remained calm, cool, and collected.
Her grandparents think her calm demeanor helped keep her safe. Paris thinks so too.
“I feel like if I would've got scared, he would've got scared,” Hall told ABC Action News reporter Michael Paluska.
Hall was home alone and said she heard her light switch turn on around 9 a.m. Monday morning. At first, she thought a family member was in her room. Then she saw a man she didn't recognize.
“I had rolled over and I have seen some stranger looking behind my TV so I was kind of confused and said ‘excuse me what are you doing?' I had an old phone that doesn't work, it was sitting on my dresser. So, I guess, he looked at that and made up an excuse; 'Oh my uncle told me to come get my phone' and in my mind, I was thinking OK. I guess my granddad must be his uncle.”
She still told the man to leave. When he went out the back door she was even more confused. Then she saw the kitchen window was shattered.
“I put two and two together and figured my granddad wasn't his uncle,” Paris said. “I was very scared at that point I didn't know what to do.”
She called for help. Her granddad told her to run to a neighbors house and call 911. When she ran out the front door the man was waiting for her.
“He was standing in the front yard and he asked me ‘what time do your parents get back home?' I was really calm about it because I didn't want to trigger him or alarm him. He said ‘do you want to come outside and chill with me for a little while?' Then I went in the house and got a knife and then I told him to leave. I went over to the neighbor's house I was scared I was crying my heart was beating.”
Paris is scared to be in the house alone or sleep by herself. She hopes someone will recognize the man and call police.
The suspect is described as a black male, approximately 5' 7', short hair wearing a white hat particle facial hair, white shirt with red and blue stripes, aside washed shorts, and red, white, and blue Air Jordan shoes.
If you have any information on the identity of the suspect contact Detective Metz at 863-678-4223.
EL PASO, Texas — Jon Elmore scored 22 points with seven rebounds and five assists, and Marshall maintained safe distance down the stretch to beat UTEP 74-65 on Saturday night.
C.J. Burks' 3-pointer started an early 10-0 Marshall run and the Thundering Herd went up 19-10 with 9:48 before halftime. Evan Gilyard had a 3-point play for UTEP before Marshall established a 6-0 spurt and led by 10. Marshall's last three baskets of the half on 3s from Elmore, Jarrod West and Burks made it 34-24 at halftime.
The Miners closed to 36-31 within the first two minutes of the second half before Ajdin Penava made a 3 and Burks made 1 of 2 foul shots. Omega Harris' layup pulled the Miners within three points, and with 4:04 left, Gilyard shaved UTEP's deficit to 61-59, but the Miners never got closer.
Burks scored 16 points and Penava contributed 15 points and seven boards for the Thundering Herd (15-8, 6-4 Conference USA).
Gilyard led UTEP (7-16, 2-9) with 20 points.
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with his daily commute Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
0:49 Forsyth child battling cancer becomes guest DJ
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
Better dynamic range and shadow detail are some of the improvements present in the new sensor MONSTRO 8K VV, considered by the company as an evolutionary step beyond the DRAGON 8K VV.
Full frame lens coverage is the promise of RED's newest camera and sensor combination, the WEAPON 8K VV. Designed to capture 8K full format motion at up to 60 fps, the system produces ultra-detailed 35.4 megapixel stills, and delivers incredibly fast data speeds — up to 300 MB/s. For cinematographers who also keep a link to photography, this is an interesting option to explore.
The WEAPON is a RED camera and so it works as expected: it shoots simultaneous REDCODE RAW and Apple ProRes or Avid DNxHD/HR recording and adheres to the company's dedication to OBSOLESCENCE OBSOLETE — a core operating principle that allows current RED owners to upgrade their technology as innovations are unveiled and move between camera systems without having to purchase all new gear. So, there you have you never have to live with an old outdated RED camera, because the system can be updated and upgraded.
“RED's internal sensor program continues to push the boundaries of pixel design and MONSTRO is the materialization of our relentless pursuit to make the absolute best image sensors on the planet,” says Jarred Land, president of RED Digital Cinema. “The full frame 8K VV MONSTRO provides unprecedented dynamic range and breathtaking color accuracy with full support for our IPP2 pipeline.”
The new WEAPON will be priced at $79,500 (for the camera BRAIN) with upgrades for carbon fiber WEAPON customers available for $29,500. MONSTRO 8K VV will replace the DRAGON 8K VV in RED's line-up, and customers that had previously placed an order for a DRAGON 8K VV sensor will be offered this new sensor beginning today. New orders will start being fulfilled in early 2018.
RED has announced a comprehensive service offering for all carbon fiber WEAPON owners called RED ARMOR-W. RED ARMOR-W offers enhanced and extended protection beyond RED ARMOR, and also includes one sensor swap each year.
“‘Good' has never been ‘good enough' for RED,” says Land. “We put ourselves in the shoes of our customers and see how we can improve how we can support them. RED ARMOR-W builds upon the foundation of our original extended warranty program and includes giving customers the ability to move between sensors based upon their shooting needs.”
Additionally, RED has made its enhanced image processing pipeline (IPP2) available in-camera with the company's latest firmware release (v7.0) for all cameras with HELIUM and MONSTRO sensors. IPP2 offers a completely overhauled workflow experience, featuring enhancements such as smoother highlight roll-off, better management of challenging colors, an improved demosaicing algorithm, and more.
Was This Post Helpful:
Image copyright EPA Image caption The billionaire financier has become a divisive figure in global politics in recent years
Hungarian-American businessman George Soros is one of the world's most renowned, and philanthropic, financial investors.
Earning his fortune through shrewd financial speculation, he has spent billions of his own money funding human rights projects and liberal democratic ventures around the world.
In recent years, that funding has made him a target of the world's nationalists and populists, who have painted him as a master-manipulator of democracy.
Much of the criticism aimed toward the 87-year-old has been criticised as having anti-Semitic undertones.
Early years
Born in 1930 in Budapest to a Jewish lawyer father, he and his family survived Hungarian Nazi-occupation by splitting up and acquiring forged papers that disguised their religion.
He emigrated to England aged 17, achieving an undergraduate degree and PhD from the London School of Economics (LSE) while working part-time as a railway porter and nightclub waiter.
While there, he studied under philosopher Karl Popper, who is best known for his rallying cry for Western liberal democracy in the post-war years. His concept of "open society" would be deeply influential on Mr Soros's ideology and financial career.
Investment career
After initially working in investment banking in London, he emigrated to the United States in 1956.
He spent time at several firms in New York, before founding his own hedge fund in 1970.
Soros Fund Management, which would eventually become the Quantum Fund, was known for its aggressive investment and high returns for investors.
The firm gained notoriety for its short-term and flexible speculation on global financial markets. This success made Mr Soros one of the world's wealthiest men and cemented him as a legend within the investment market.
He became known "the man who broke the Bank of England" in September 1992, when he made about £1bn betting against or "shorting" the UK's currency, the pound.
On 16 September, a day dubbed "Black Wednesday", the Treasury rapidly lost billions in reserves, forcing the pound out of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Peter Jay reports on the day that became know as Black Wednesday
This investment gamble is probably Mr Soros's best known, consolidating his reputation as the world's premier currency investor.
His financial single-mindedness later led to accusations that he had helped to engineer the Asian financial crisis of 1997 when the Thai baht collapsed, triggering widespread financial contagion across the region.
At the time, Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad hit out at "unscrupulous profiteers" and called for "immoral" currency trading to be banned.
Mr Soros drew his ire in particular, but other investors had made even heavier bets against the Thai currency than his firm had.
Philanthropic work
The hedge fund manager began to ease away from the day-to-day control of his firm during the 1980s and 1990s, paying more and more attention to philanthropic ventures instead.
Since starting out offering scholarships to black students during the apartheid era in South Africa, he has spent billions supporting progressive free-market projects around the world.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption His foundation is now the second-largest philanthropic organisation in the US - behind that of Microsoft founder Bill Gates
He focused on opening up cultural exchange with Eastern Europe during the collapse of communism, before widening investment to other regions around the world.
Mr Soros's Open Society Foundations (OSF) now has programmes in more than 100 countries around the world, and 37 regional offices.
The organisation says its focus is to build "vibrant and tolerant democracies whose governments are accountable and open to the participation of all people".
In 2017, while he was ranked as the 29th wealthiest person in the world by Forbes magazine, it emerged that he had transferred $18bn (£13.5bn) or an estimated 80% of his personal wealth into the organisation.
According to his website, his goal is to use his financial independence to fight some of the world's "most intractable problems".
The OSF continues to support a number of human-rights initiatives around the world, including campaigns in favour of LGBT and Roma rights.
Politics and criticism
Mr Soros has remained extremely vocal about world economics and global politics. This has drawn flak from 21st Century nationalist politicians, who have depicted him as a left-wing bogeyman of sorts.
In Europe, he openly criticised the handling of the euro debt crisis, while during the peak of the region's refugee crisis he pledged generous backing for aid groups supporting migrants.
This policy in particular has set him on a collision course with Prime Minister Viktor Orban in his native country.
The Hungarian government even funded the distribution of giant posters vilifying the financier in 2017.
Mr Soros' foundation eventually decided to withdraw its offices from Hungary, blaming an "increasingly repressive" environment.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hungary's largest Jewish organisation labelled the propaganda campaign as "poisonous"
His foundation has also donated hundreds of thousands of pounds to the Best for Britain group, which aims to halt the UK's departure from the EU. This support has made him a focus of criticism for pro-Brexit supporters, campaigners and newspapers within the country.
In 2015, the foundation was banned in Russia, which labelled it as "undesirable" because of its perceived risk to Russian security and constitutional order.
Attacks and conspiracies
Mr Soros has been a large donor to the US Democratic Party. He backed the presidential campaigns of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, and has also labelled US President Donald Trump "an imposter".
US-based right-wing conspiracy theorists and websites have accused Mr Soros of secretly engineering a range of recent events in US and global politics.
They have alleged that he was involved in recruiting crowds for the anti-Trump Women's March and even organising violence in Charlottesville to undermine the country's political right-wing.
Such conspiracies, and negative coverage of his foundation's work, are often accused of being anti-Semitic, echoing Nazi-era conspiracy theories about Jewish bankers plotting to create a "new world order".
Personal life
George Soros has been married three times.
He had two sons and a daughter with his first wife, German-born Annaliese Witschak, whom he married in 1960.
The pair divorced in 1983, when he then wed second wife Susan Weber. The pair stayed together until 2005, having two sons during their marriage.
He married third wife Tamiko Bolton - 42 years his junior - in 2013.
Away from hedge funds and philanthropy, Mr Soros has also dabbled with investing in sports teams around the world.
In 2012, it was reported that he had purchased a significant minority stake in UK-based football team Manchester United.
A military helicopter crashed on a golf course in Maryland Monday, killing one crew member and injuring two others, authorities said.
A UH-60 Blackhawk helicopter from U.S. Army Fort Belvoir in Fairfax County, Virginia, was conducting a training flight when it crashed at Breton Bay Golf Course in Leonardtown, Maryland, at around 1:37 p.m., the U.S. Army Military District of Washington said in a statement Monday afternoon.
One of the injured crew members was in serious condition and the other in critical condition, the statement said.
“We are deeply saddened by this loss within our community,” Maj. Gen. Bradley A. Becker, commanding general for Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region and the U.S. Army Military District of Washington, said in the statement. “Our condolences go out to the families and friends affected by this tragedy, and our team is focused on supporting them during this difficult time.”
The cause of the crash was under investigation.
Earlier Monday, a U.S. military official told NBC News the helicopter had “suffered a hard landing” near Leonardtown, and that at least one was medically evacuated to a local hospital.
The St. Mary's County Sheriff's Office said in a post on Facebook that deputies and EMS personnel were at the scene of the crash, and urged people to avoid the area.
The incident came about two weeks after a fighter jet crashed in a wooded area near Joint Base Andrews in Maryland. That pilot, who was on a routine training mission at the time, was able to eject himself from the D.C. Air National Guard F-16C fighter jet. No one was injured on the ground, according to NBC Washington.
Site of the military helicopter crash at the Breton Bay Golf Course in Maryland on April 17, 2017. Courtesy of TheBayNet.com
Quneitra, SANA – Jabhat al-Nusra-linked terrorist group on Monday attacked several towers for transmitting electricity in al-Khazrajia area in the southwestern part of Damascus Countryside, causing the electricity current to cut off in Quneitra southern Province.
A source at Quneitra Province told SANA that terrorists detonated explosives that they planted in three towers for transmitting power in al-Khazrajia area in the southwestern part of Damascus Countryside, causing the electricity current to cut off in Quneitra.
R.Milhem / Ghossoun
This is why you should never insult your friend. Especially on the golf course. And ESPECIALLY when your friend is on the golf course holding a golf club.
Well, don't take my word for it.
PARIS, Wis. (AP) — Three Illinois men whom authorities believe were gang members may have been targeted by a rival when they were shot to death at close range during a drag racing event in southeastern Wisconsin, sheriff's officials said Monday.
The three men were fatally shot as they stood near a concession area in the parking lot of the Great Lakes Dragaway in the town of Paris at about 7 p.m. Sunday, according to Kenosha County sheriff's officials.
Sheriff David Beth said authorities are still looking for the male gunman who first shot two of the three men, shot the third as he tried to get away around a tent and then returned and shot the two others a second time.
“He had enough time and enough arrogance to go back up and actually make sure that they were dead,” Beth said at an afternoon news conference. The shooting happened as some 15,000 people attended “Larry's Fun Fest” at the raceway on a mild Sunday evening. No one else was hit by gunfire, authorities said.
A lack of cooperation by the victims' relatives has made his detectives' work harder, the sheriff said.
“At least the family members that I'm aware of are not cooperating at all with the investigation. It has not helped us,” Beth said.
The Kenosha County Sheriff's Office said Monday the victims of Sunday night's shooting were 30-year-old David L. Watson of Oswego, 30-year-old Khalid R. Howard or Aurora, and 26-year-old Derek K. Edwards of North Aurora. Howard and Edwards died at the scene and Watson died in an ambulance on the way to a hospital, according to sheriff's Sgt. Mark Malecki, who said the victims have been identified by investigators as gang members.
Malecki said deputies were investigating the possibility that the assailant was a rival gang member. Beth said no motive has yet been established.
“I don't know if this is retaliation. I don't know if this was family trouble. I don't know,” the sheriff said.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died in an ambulance on the way to a hospital.
Beth urged any witnesses to the shooting to contact his department.
“A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them,” Beth said. “So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this.”
Great Lakes Dragaway's website said the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show. The event is about 30 miles south of Milwaukee.
Image copyright Taobao Image caption 'Instant puddings' made from donkey-hide gelatine are popular among Chinese consumers
The world's donkeys are facing a population crisis because of the huge demand for their skins in China, where they are used to making health foods and traditional medicine.
Donkey meat is also a popular food, but a huge drop in the number of Chinese donkeys and the fact they are slow to reproduce, has forced suppliers to look elsewhere.
Africa has been badly hit because the animals are such an important part of life for transport and farming - particularly in poorer communities.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In Zimbabwe, a "state-of-the-art" donkey meat abattoir costing $150,000 (£114,000) is due to open in October
In many places the price of a donkey has doubled in the past few years, and as thieves cash in, families are left unable to afford a new animal.
'I woke up and my donkey was gone'
Water deliveryman Anthony Maupe Wanyama, 29, from Kenya had his donkey Carlos for four years and was doing well.
"I bought land up-country, bought a house, paid school fees and looked after my family," said the father of two.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'I woke up and my donkey was gone'
He and his donkey were such a part of life in Ongata Rongai, just outside Nairobi, that Anthony's nickname is "Carlos".
"I woke up one morning and Carlos was missing. I looked around the area, and then found him dead, his skin had been removed," said Anthony, tears rolling down his cheeks as he talked about his much-loved animal.
He now rents another donkey to pull a cart-load of blue plastic jerry cans he uses to deliver water, but has to give the owner half of the three or four dollars he makes on a good day.
Image caption Anthony Wanyama attaches a harness to his rented donkey
Image caption "Carlos", the name of Andrew's dead donkey and the nickname now given to him, is still listed on his cart
"Now I don't have enough money. I haven't paid my rent, I haven't paid school fees, and I have people who depend on me," Anthony said.
He can't afford to buy a new Carlos.
Donkey trade - the facts:
Image caption Donkey hides piled up ready for export
1.8m skins are traded every year - according to estimates from UK-based charity The Donkey Sanctuary - but the demand is as high as 10m
China's donkey population dropped from 11m in 1990 to 3m today, based on government data
Ejiao, the gelatine produced by boiling donkey skins, can sell for up to $388 (£300) per kilo
Uganda, Tanzania, Botswana, Niger, Burkina Faso, Mali, and Senegal have banned donkey exports to China
Suffering
The surge in price and demand in Kenya has been encouraged by three donkey abattoirs, which have opened across the country.
They can each slaughter around 150 animals a day, packing and freezing the meat and salting the skins for export.
At the Star Brilliant Donkey Export Abattoir in Naivasha, the latest arrivals are being dragged onto flat metal scales - they are sold by "live weight".
Image caption Staff lead donkeys to an abattoir in Kenya
They are shot in the head with a bolt gun before their meat and skins are processed.
Chief executive John Kariuki says he was the first in Kenya, and in Africa, to get official permits to open a donkey slaughterhouse.
"Before, there was no market for the donkeys. People used to sell their cows, people used to sell their goats to pay their school fees for the children," he said.
"But now I find that people in the market are selling donkeys more than cows.
"We are happy with the Chinese, because before there was nothing coming from donkeys, but so many people are benefitting from the donkey now today."
Chinese buyers monitor the process - making sure everything is properly packed and prepared.
When the skins are boiled, they produce a brown gelatine, which is the essential ingredient in Chinese "ejiao" products - popular health foods and traditional medicines.
Image caption Donkey gelatine - or ejiao - is marketed in a variety of liquid and paste forms
But the way donkeys are being treated has been criticised.
A British donkey charity and environmental investigative journalists from South Africa-based group Oxpeckers have uncovered cases of animal abuse among those waiting to be killed in appalling conditions.
"This is the biggest crisis donkeys have ever faced," said Mike Baker from The Donkey Sanctuary, which is leading an international campaign to halt the trade in donkey products until it can be properly regulated.
"We are seeing millions being taken and we are seeing suffering on the scale I have never witnessed before.
Image caption A mound of donkey carcasses dumped in Botswana after the animals' flesh was removed
"We are talking about donkeys being starved to death to make it easier to skin them, or bludgeoned to death."
But Mr Baker says the international pressure is starting to have an impact.
Countries including Uganda, Tanzania, Botswana, Niger, Burkina Faso, Mali, and Senegal have banned China from buying their donkey products.
"Over a dozen governments have now taken action to stop this trade, and that's because they know this is impoverishing their people as well as being massively cruel to animals," Mr Baker says.
Image caption Donkey hides are laid out to dry in Ghana
They are being killed on a dramatic scale across the continent - and places further afield like Brazil and Peru.
And life is certainly a lot harder for Anthony Wanyama and his family, with rent arrears and unpaid school fees.
Many thousands of people trapped by terrible drought have been forced to sell their only assets, while others have lost their donkeys to thieves and can no longer afford to buy another animal.
British spy agencies may be ordered to hand over intelligence exposed by BuzzFeed News that Alexander Perepilichnyy was likely assassinated at the behest of Vladimir Putin.
BuzzFeed News revealed on Monday that US spy agencies have handed their British counterparts high-grade intelligence that Perepilichnyy was likely “assassinated on direct orders from Putin or people close to him” after blowing the whistle on a vast crime by Russian government officials. Yet police said Perepilichnyy had died naturally of a heart attack.
Lawyers challenging the police case have now asked the judge hearing his inquest to order MI6 to disclose the intelligence MI6 received.
His Honour Judge Nicholas Hilliard QC said on Wednesday that he would “carefully” consider the lawyers' request. If he finds that Britain's secret services have withheld evidence relevant to Perepilichnyy's death, Hilliard would likely need to suspend the inquest, which does not have the powers to consider classified information. Only a public inquiry, like the one that found that Putin had “probably” ordered the murder of defector and former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, could entertain such evidence.
Theresa May is facing growing calls from MPs, lawyers and campaigners to respond urgently to the revelations. A Conservative MP urged the Prime Minister to “move quickly to reassure the public,” while the prosecutor who headed the case against Litvinenko's killers demanded she reverse her “supine” response to the “real suspicions” that the Kremlin had claimed another victim on UK soil.
Perepilichnyy collapsed and died while out jogging near his home in the exclusive gated community of St George's Hill in Surrey after returning from a mysterious trip to Paris in November 2012. The financier had been receiving threats ever since he came forward to expose a $230 million tax fraud by corrupt Russian government officials. Surrey police declared "there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding his death”, but two years later a plant expert at Kew Gardens told the inquest she had identified traces of a deadly poison in his stomach.
Police still insist that there is no evidence of foul play, and May's government has invoked national security powers to withhold evidence from the inquest into the cause of his death. But BuzzFeed News revealed that a highly classified report on Russian state assassinations compiled for the US Congress by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence last year asserts with “high confidence” that Perepilichnyy's murder was sanctioned by Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to two US intelligence officials. MI6 officers who agreed with this assessment were apparently silenced, a serving US intelligence official said, because “their efforts to publicly declare that Perepilichnyy was assassinated on British soil had deeper political implications”. An ODNI spokesperson said the agency had “no comment beyond confirming that we prepared the report for Congress”.
French police are treating Perepilichnyy's death as a suspected assassination, but say they have been repeatedly stonewalled by their British counterparts. Perepilichnyy travelled to Paris before his death for a secret assignation with a 22-year-old Ukrainian woman named Elmira Medynska. Medynska still lives in Paris and gave an exclusive interview to BuzzFeed News. But police never spoke to her, and she is not expected to testify at the coroner's inquest.
PANORAMIC views of the Ohiwa Harbour and hills beyond are a delightful sight to see, right from the comfort of this magnificent home.
It's an entertainer's dream, a family haven and a secluded paradise, all set on an impressive sized parcel of land – 3217 square metres.
The generous sized back yard makes for unrestricted outdoor living and play and extends beyond the grassed area.
From your very own yard there is access to the harbour's edge for recreational and water-based activities, perfect for the summer months.
The home's impressive features continue inside the house, which is complete with three large bedrooms on the first floor – including the sumptuous master.
The master bedroom includes an en suite with a spa bath and shower.
A window seat to admire the landscape and ample storage, double and two single wardrobes, are included in the bedroom.
The first floor is finished with a spacious bathroom including a full wet room shower that connects to the large laundry.
Access to a small deck is possible via the laundry room that either steps down to the back yard or up to the private deck on the top floor.
A wide stair case inside the home takes you from the bedroom section of the home up to the living areas, where you are greeted with panoramic views of the Ohiwa Harbour and surrounding hills.
The everchanging sights can be enjoyed from the kitchen, living and dining rooms and the covered deck.
The kitchen, with room for a shared dining space, is spacious and offers a generous amount of storage. A large window looking out to the water makes for pleasant cooking and food preparation, while the window on the opposite side of the room shares a sneak peek to the ocean.
The living room is a comfortable and welcoming space for enjoying some relaxation or quality time with loved-ones after the day.
A separate room leading to a covered deck can be used for whatever your heart desires.
The deck, that opens entirely from what is now used as a formal dining room, overlooks the yard and natural landscape beyond.
Outdoor entertaining and dining will be a bliss with the private deck to enjoy the fresh air and moving skies.
Back downstairs at the front of the home, a double garage and workshop complete the property - spacious enough for storing the big toys.
Making this property your home and creating your spaces will be a joy, particularly working with the features that make it the magnificent space it is.
GENEROUS YARD: At the back of the property is a generously sized yard perfect for outdoor living and play. OUTDOOR DINING: A private and covered deck provides the perfect setting for outdoor dining with access to the back yard. VIEWS: Live views of the Ohiwa Harbour on a bright and sunny day can be enjoyed from the comfort of this spacious kitchen.
Harcourts
20 Ohiwa Parade, Ohope
Agent: Aaron Standen
Phone: 0800 422766 or 027 273 5548
Sale by auction: On site Saturday, October 28 at 1pm unless sold prior
Open home: Sunday, October 8, 12pm-12.45pm
Elias Bangura: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 02 February 2018
After sports, politics is next in line to whip up' drama in the lives of people. Good or bad, the hype that follows and surrounds politics has huge implications which should be well managed, because unlike sports, the consequences are often far reaching.
We don't have to look far for examples about political tension in Sierra Leone – especially among the two leading political parties: the ruling All People Congress (APC), and the Sierra Leone People Party (SLPP).
Political tension has started between them since their formative years in the 1950s and 1960s – and that tension has had blood in its wake, including annihilation, imprisonment, and life-long hate.
Looking back, commentators say all of it was unhelpful as it has left the nation divided along tribal and regional lines, education and old school cabals, and the like. Worse still, these tensions have continued, and there are willing testifiers among those who have suffered from this unhealthy scenario of violence.
But relating the whole epic of political tension in Sierra Leone here would actually lengthen this narrative, and I prefer another to take that credit whoever will care to relate it in full; I prefer concentrating on drumming up support against the discontinuance of political tension, or at least its minimization.
And that appeal goes to the major players in our coming elections in 2018; an appeal that has a parallel notification of culpability, should they discard it.
Political tension as we all know emanates from our ideologies in how things should be done. In this context, it involves how a nation should be governed.
Our two main political parties, honestly, have no ideology. What they have are snatches of western democracy and eastern communism, tinged with African radicalism and crude animism.
This mixture has rendered Sierra Leone impotent to stand up and decide on anything rationally except in the context of colour and tribe and region. How sad!
This fate continues, regardless of the pedigree and exposure of those wanting to lead our two main political parties – the APC and the SLPP: they are two evils which at best needs to be excused rather than choosing one against the other, whether today or tomorrow. (Currently they are referred to as the two twins who should be voted against).
The APC, since day one, has been the bastion of dictatorship – and their constitution has been tailored to legitimise that dictatorship, when it declared selection and election as their mode of electing their officials.
With them, either of the two modes just fits fine to their line of mixed ideology (if one would call it that), which is an ideology that is executed by the strongest comrade whether he is at state house or he is at their party secretariat, that is, giving power to loyal stalwarts, regardless of their make-up or competence.
Whoever stands against this template of selecting their officials is branded with an anti-party scarlet letter, and hounded all the way to the land of no return. It's why those who are sensible among their membership prefer keeping mum and perishing inwardly, like covered fire, than raising a grumble or a doubtful brow about it.
Take the selection of Dr Samura Kamara, for example, as the presidential flag bearer of the APC. Even he himself in his wildest dreams couldn't believe that he would be chosen over any of the others – because he is not only an unpopular candidate, but one whose reticence stands topmost, as is his education.
Find a cat, if you will, and you will have a complete replica of the man! But by jolly, he is the man chosen by the almighty Comrade at State House, who predicated his choice of him with a threat to any who will say nay.
That's the APC for you – it's as if they have a spell over their entire membership, all of whom are always yes-men to whatever decision that comes from the First Comrade.
Thankfully for Sierra Leone, after their convention in Makeni, there was no violence, as no APC member dared to squeal about it, and even Dr Vandy Konneh who dared suddenly immediately went quiet with his grumble.
It was the ordinary supporters spread across the country that did the unthinkable in crying out the loudest, led by those in Port Loko, who claimed they had been promised the leadership long ago.
Their pacification is still ongoing, along with the remainder across the country but still, there are no reports of violence – the only ones reported were the burning of party t-shirts and tearing of posters.
That's a remarkable thing though for the APC in managing their selection of a flag bearer although it is not a win for democracy at all – because their selection this time certainly didn't have a consensus – oh no. And their rightness or wrongness of it would soon be tested at the polls in March this year.
Because Dr Samura Kamara has rivers and mountains to cross and climb before he alights at state house – along with all those contesting for seats at parliament and the local councils, many of whose nominations were against popular choice by the electorate; which, in fact, led to those who were unsuccessful to go independent – if only to prove a point, or at least to teach the APC a lesson in the coming polls.
That's a small worry, strong APC supporters point out, because the APC has never lost an election to the SLPP before, regardless of the build-up to it. But these couldn't disprove the 1996 and 2002 elections that they had lost to the SLPP, although it should be said that APC then was a fallen giant, with grave wounds still in its whole body.
The SLPP as the main opposition party of the last parliament, for a start, needs to be patted for the resolution of their myriad problems that has torn them apart since 2007. For a decade, they were the byword of division, lawsuits, violence, and one thousand besides. Even die-hard members had despaired, and couldn't see the aspect of their uniting again at all.
At the moment, it is Rtd. Brigadier Julius Maada Bio that has emerged as their flag bearer. But there are many who will say, like Banquo, “I fear thou didst play most fouly for it.”
Maada Bio and violence are two synonyms, his detractors have said repeatedly. Like Stalin, he is disciplined and ruthless, although he appears calm and uncomplaining.
His supporters hail him as very loving and very patriotic, revoking his war-time memories when he laid his life as a soldier to bring peace to Sierra Leone.
Whether he is that or patriotism is still his mantra is yet to be seen, because his few utterances after he emerged as leader of the SLPP sent jitters down the spine of many people, that he won't sit down and do nothing if the 2018 election is again stolen from the SLPP, as was those of 2007 and 2012.
Words like these, the more careful have insisted, ought not to be left lying alone: that Mr. Bio should be brought in for questioning. Surprisingly, the authorities haven't pressed charges, maybe they prefer to wait or they think it would create an unnecessary tension – so let sleeping dogs lie.
Besides, charges can always be brought when the time is right, and now is certainly not that time for, if for example, the party's PRO, Lahai Lawrence Leema, who was charged with misdemeanours against a staff of the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation recently, revved up nerves, one wonders if it was Mr. Bio himself, a man who at the moment signs off his name with a flourish in whatever press release his party issues, if that wouldn't mean chaos in capital letters.
You would think the APC and the SLPP are the only players in our politics, and even if they were, already you will know that political tension indeed has to be well managed for a developing nation like the Athens of West Africa.
But there are other players in our politics, players like Mohamed Kamaraimba Mansaray (MKM) and Dr Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella (KKY), including our former vice president who recently won in his matter against the Government of Sierra Leone at the ECOWAS Court following his removal from office in 2015 by President Koroma.
These political heavyweights – APC and SLPP, each have an opinion that would definitely plunge this nation into political tension, if it is not well couched or even avoided.
It is easy to push aside MKM's Alliance Democratic Party (ADP) and treat KKY's National Grand Coalition (NGC) as the third force in the next elections in March 2018.
But MKM has already had his baptism of fire in several by-elections and other political engagements, unlike the NGC which is nothing but an entity that is only being hallowed on paper. Its true worth will only be known in March 2018.
However, the NGC's celebrity, KKY – the man with the magic touch, as his supporters describe him – is someone with a curriculum vitae that is competing in length with the Encyclopaedia Britannica in terms of pages.
But he is a western democrat, who decries violence and chooses rather subtlety, lobbying, and cunning. Poor man, he was forced to leave the SLPP and goes to form the NGC, bringing along other disgruntled SLPPers.
Besides, all the shenanigan attitudes that they have decried in the SLPP's way of selecting or electing their leaders is just what they themselves have fallen prey to. Their rhetoric across town, plus their wealth that has given them virtually every platform to sell their ideology, has made many people christen them as the third force.
The third force so far has met the threshold in getting many people's respect because of their disdain for violence, and their high regard for political tolerance.
True, if this were an intellectual debate, the NGC would certainly be in the lead, but this is politics where the APC and the SLPP each, enviably, already has a traditional 30 percent base – the remainder 40 percent is what is up for grabs, and the NGC certainly can't grab all of that alone.
This reality, it is true, has dawned upon all the political diviners and schemers, and they are now using all the weapons in their armoury, if only to place their party in the lead and hence become a candidate to enter Fort Thornton after March 2018.
We wish them well, but please we request that none of those weapons tends to lead this nation to any form of tension and violence. If they can afford a ticket to London and New York, once violence breaks out again in this nation, majority of us can't afford it at all.
But, in closing, we implore the media, and the security sector, along with civil society and the rest, to lay aside emotion, and be sincere in their duty to Sierra Leone, the only country that we have. Let the coming elections be a win for the nation and not for any one party or region – because the things that hold us together are more than the things that should divide us.
Political tension and politically emanated violence is certainly not a commodity that anyone should buy – whether your wallet or purse is full of dollars or Leones. Please; otherwise you will be resisted till the end of time – just ask Foday Sankoh and his caboodle.
About the author:
Elias Bangura is the current Secretary General, Guild of Newspaper Editors-Sierra Leone; and is the immediate past President of the Sierra Leone Parliamentary Press Gallery.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
At this year's World Economic Forum in Davos, the #MeToo movement had a place at the table. Not only were all seven co-chairs women, but also at least one panel was dedicated to addressing #MeToo.
The discussion featured a rousing moment when Peggy Johnson, an executive vice president at Microsoft, noted that whereas earlier in her career she felt she had to laugh along at inappropriate jokes cracked by men in the workplace, now she takes it seriously — as does her daughter, a newcomer in the tech field.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump in Davos: 'America is open for business' 1:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On one hand, it makes sense that great minds in power would come together at Davos to tackle the longstanding yet increasingly urgent problem of sexual misconduct in the workplace. But is the WEF just giving an obligatory nod to a zeitgeist-y issue? After all, Davos is so famously a boys' club that political scientist Samuel P. Huntington coined the term “Davos Man” to describe the global elite that attend this swanky summit in the Swiss Alpine resort. Sure, you can be a Davos Woman, but you don't hear that as much, and why would you? Even in 2018, only 21 percent of the conference's attendees were women.
With that bleak number in mind, we must ask: Can real progress come out of this ostensibly watershed woman's moment at Davos? And what would that even look like?
“The very fact that this prominent meeting of the world's economic elite is addressing the topic [of sexual harassment against women] is a very positive sign,” said Alton B. Harris, adjunct professor of law at Northwestern University Law School, and co-author of Breaking Through Bias: Communication Techniques for Women to Succeed at Work. “I don't think this could have happened two years ago or even a year ago, and it would be a terrible mistake to pooh-pooh it, because it's important that this issue has entered their field of vision. And yet, I have very serious doubts as to whether it will mean very much.”
‘Tokenizing' women?
One of the reason Harris has doubts is in fact one of the very reasons Davos seemed so progressive this year: the all-women co-chairs.
“I think it's a perfect example of tokenism,” said Harris. “What would have been a more powerful message of equality is to have women and men involved. I also think that we should have men addressing what their companies are doing to increase the presence of women in their organizations. We see this number of women peak at around 20 percent not just at Davos but in government and at even lower percentages [in other areas].”
Avery Blank, a women's leadership expert, strategy consultant, and World Economic Forum agenda contributor adds that while she also isn't a fan of all-men or all-women committees, she actually found that in this case, the move was important.
“The time is now. Having all women chairs is a way to call attention to the power imbalance and reset the balance of power,” said Blank.
A more concerning point of skepticism Harris points to is in the WEF's own data. The forum's Global Gender Gap Report 2017 found that the gender gap widened in 2017, and that the U.S fell from 45 to 49 among the 144 countries ranked.
As long as women make less than men, they have less power and more to lose. In such a world, the problem of harassment in the workplace can only persist.
“The injustice and suffering these women face is not an accident,” Winnie Byanima, Oxfam International director, and a panelist in the conversation on sexual harassment in Davos, told NBC News. “It's the result of discriminatory norms and of an economic system that is rigged against women, and especially poor women. Unless we tackle economic inequality together with gender inequality, ending sexual harassment and violence will remain a pipe dream.”
There is a way to make this pipe dream a reality, but it's something that every company must commit to changing from within. That likely won't be easy because it will require some possibly painful self-examination and re-assessing of values.
“CEOs need to look in their own backyard and ask, ‘What is our culture like here?' Everyone is aware that #metoo is happening and it's a problem, but they don't necessarily think of their own [workplace],” said Terri Boyer, founding director of the Anne Welsh McNulty Institute for Women's Leadership at Villanova University.
This entails assembling data and being perfectly transparent about whatever you dig up regarding gender inequalities, lack of diversity in leadership, and any other skeletons in the C-suite closet. And this data ought not to be just a compilation of numbers on a spreadsheet, but the documentation of first-person experiences shared by all people in your company.
“You need to be able to say ‘this is what it looks like in my organization,' and ‘this is the experience of women in my organization,'” said Boyer. “Doing that deep dive is tough but once you get past that, you can use the data to build your long-term, realistic plan that isn't just a verbal commitment or tokenism, but a plan that holds you and everyone accountable. It's on this point where most organizations fail.”
Don't stop at the C-suite
Another point where organizations often fail is in valuing the work and stories of the people who are paid the least — and in enabling them to share their experiences with dignity, respect, and protection.
“Women at the bottom of the economy — those who make our clothes, grow our food, and clean our hotel rooms — are even more vulnerable to harassment and violence,” Byanima told NBC News. “They cannot speak up for fear of losing their jobs. They cannot report crimes for fear of further abuse. They cannot access justice because they lack the resources to do so.”
Instead of focusing on only the top-level leaders, why not tap the minds of people below or at least outside the executive realm? Shelley Zalis, CEO and founder of The Female Quotient thinks such consideration could quickly escalate that 21 percent of women attendees to a healthier number.
“This year at Davos has been inspirational and aspirational and it does give women hope,” said Zalis, who has hosted an equality lounge at Davos for the past three years. “But it's not going to change the numbers, which is what needs to happen to really reach a flipping point. Plenty of companies are run by women, but cultural change is not just about leadership from the top, and if you keep recruiting for title you will fall short. We need to start looking for different criteria [such as] industry expertise; plenty of women may not have a CEO title but may be more qualified to speak on an issue than a CEO.”
An accidental classic, 'Casablanca' turns 75 Everyone may come to Rick's Café Américain, but 75 years ago, no one was happy to be there. And they certainly didn't think “Casablanca” was a hit, much less an...
My best memories of 17 years as The Post's film critic Today, I retire from The Post 48 years after I first walked into its newsroom — located in 1968 on West Street, just south of where the World Trade Center...
'Deepwater Horizon' is a lot of fun, seriously Peter Berg's “Deepwater Horizon” is this year's ultimate guilty pleasure at the movies. This $156 million action film about a real-life 2010 blowout on an oil rig that killed 11...
Denzel Washington is perfect for 'The Magnificent Seven' Denzel Washington makes a belated but splendid debut as a Western hero in Antoine Fuqua's action-packed, multicultural reimagining of John Sturges' 1960 semi-classic, which in truth is best remembered for...
Toronto Film Fest reveals major Oscars contenders TORONTO — Can Natalie Portman win Best Actress again by channeling Jackie Kennedy? Will an old-school show-business musical starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone wow Oscar voters, and can “Slumdog...
The verdict on Netflix's new Amanda Knox doc TORONTO — “Either I'm a psychopath in sheep's clothing — or I am you,” Amanda Knox declares in a new documentary that details the lengths to which a bungling, publicity-hungry...
Tom Hanks is perfect in the thrilling 'Sully' “Sully” breathtakingly depicts what may be the most remarkable half-hour in NYC history. Six minutes after taking off from LaGuardia Airport on Jan. 15, 2009, Capt. Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger (a...
Jerry Lewis should have passed on 'Max Rose' Two decades after his last film, the legendary Jerry Lewis performs a truly unfortunate encore playing an elderly widower in writer-director Daniel Noah's morose and thoroughly unconvincing drama. After the...
If Polanski can win an Oscar, then ‘Birth of a Nation' can still get nominated Will Oscar voters really treat a black director acquitted of rape charges more harshly than admitted rapist Roman Polanski, who went on to win a Best Director award a quarter-century...
COLUMBUS — Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine released the 2018 edition of Ohio Sunshine Laws: An Open Government Resource Manual. The release of the manual, commonly referred to as the “Yellow Book,” coincides with the beginning of National Sunshine Week.
“By providing elected officials, public employees, and Ohio citizens with information about public records and compliance, we help ensure accountability and transparency in the conduct of public business.,” said Attorney General DeWine.
The Sunshine Laws Manual provides summaries of Revised Code provisions and case law regarding the Ohio Public Records Act and Open Meetings Act.
The 2018 edition includes updates on recent open government legal decisions and law changes. The electronic edition, which can be accessed at www.OhioAttorneyGeneral.gov/YellowBook, includes clickable bookmarks to allow readers to quickly jump to the topic in which they are interested as well as hyperlinked court cases to allow readers to quickly access court decisions.
The Ohio Attorney General's Public Records Unit also offers Online Sunshine Laws Training, which is available to the public and can be accessed at www.SunshineLaw.OhioAttorneyGeneral.gov/. The Online Sunshine Laws Training contains thirteen separate lessons plus an introduction video featuring the Attorney General. Each lesson combines a video instruction with quiz questions covering important topics under the Ohio Public Records Act or Ohio Open Meetings Act. Topics cover the length and breadth of the Ohio Sunshine Laws, from defining a public record to appropriate redactions before release. To complete the training, users must watch each video lesson in its entirety, correctly answer the quiz questions concerning the material covered, and fill out an evaluation providing feedback on the quality of the training.
The training lessons can be completed at the user's own pace, and the entire three-hour training does not need to be completed in a single sitting. Users are able to return to the videos they have completed if a specific topic is of particular interest. The online training is approved for CLE credit, as are live Sunshine Laws trainings, and can be completed at home or in the office.
The Ohio Attorney General's Public Records Unit conducts Sunshine Laws Trainings at dozens of locations around Ohio. The training on Ohio's Public Records Act is required for local public officials or their designee at least once per elected term and also includes training on the Open Meetings Act. These trainings are also open to the public and media. A list of trainings can be found at www.OhioAttorneyGeneral.gov/SunshineLawTraining.
If Cristiano Ronaldo can teach us anything about fame, perhaps it's that the more famous you get, the more haters you get.
Ronaldo has revealed that even his son's classmates are among the Real Madrid star's critics and they tell Cristiano Jr. that there are better players than the four-time Ballon d'Or winner.
“There are people who sometimes say to him that ‘there is another player who is better than your father,' but he knows how to deal with that,” Ronaldo told ON TV in Egypt.
“He is a smart boy, like me. I often tell him ‘be yourself and be polite,'” he added. “I know that he will go through periods of adversity as there are jealous people out there, but I see him as a happy child.”
Ronaldo did not specify who his son's classmates think is better. But, hmm, wonder who the other player could be? We can't say for sure … but it's definitely Lionel Messi.
While Ronaldo's son for now must defend his father's honor at the school yard, the Portuguese also said he wouldn't mind if his son followed in his footsteps and carried on his legacy as an attacking player — but he won't pressure him too much.
“Of course I would like it if he became a footballer,” he admitted. “I know that it is a challenge and that it isn't easy, but he can be whatever he wants to be as I won't pressure him.”
“I might be pushing him a little in the direction of becoming a footballer,” he added, “but not to be a goalkeeper as I want him to be a forward.”
Let the bids for Cristiano Jr.'s 2028 rights begin.
MORE FROM FOX SOCCER
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – About 100 Dayton Public Schools teachers came together for a rally Tuesday, calling for better working conditions. This comes at the same time the school board and the teacher's union are in the negotiating process. So far, no deal has been reached.
Both sides have come to the table a total of 25 times–including Tuesday–each time ending without a deal. Both sides say they're hopeful a deal will be reached soon.
“The last six months,” Dayton Education Association President David Romick said. “I would characterize as being slow.”
A negotiating process without much traction. That's why Tuesday, Romick held a special rally at Old Scratch Pizza in Dayton, hoping to widen their support from the community.
“We're hopeful that the remaining sessions,” Romick said. “We have this week may prove to be fruitful.”
This week, both sides are meeting every day. A first, since negotiations began in January. A federal mediator has joined the latest string of discussions.
“The mediator at this point,” Romick said. “Is going back and forth between the two rooms trying to reach settlement on what ever issues he can.”
Some of the issues up for discussion are teachers want counselors at every school, not just the high schools. They also want all school libraries to be open on a consistent basis.
Romick says right now some buildings don't have the staff to the keep the libraries opened every school day.
“Access to libraries helps with early literacy,” Romick said. “With reading skills, with research skills, computer technology skills.”
“We remain committed to the mediation process over the next several days,” DPS Superintendent Rhonda Corr said in statement released late Tuesday. “And remain optimistic that a settlement will be reached. We respect our teachers and all of our employees, and value their dedication to the Dayton Public Schools.”
The current contract for teachers expires June 30th. If they can't reach a deal by then, they could extend their contract temporary for roughly a month or they could go on strike. If they decide to strike, they would have to give the district a 10-day notice.
New research reveals that how candidates are treated in the job search process directly impacts how they view your company as consumers.
The internet is forever. Memes, Tweets, blog posts, PR wins and gaffes -- once published, these things won't ever go away. Nowhere is this fact more important than on employer review sites, where candidates and employees turn to share their thoughts, feelings and personal experiences interacting with a company, says Dan Schawbel, research director at Future Workplace.
The research, "The Future of Recruiting," from Future Workplace and HR and social media recruiting technology solutions company CareerArc, surveyed 1,054 total respondents, including 616 employers and 438 job seekers, and showed that 61 percent of job seekers visit a company's online properties first before applying; a 17 percent increase from 2015.
In addition, job seekers increasingly trust reviews from other candidates and current employees to give them the lay of the land before applying. One in three job seekers has shared at least one negative review of a previous or prospective employer, and 55 percent of job seekers who have read a negative review have decided against applying for a position at that company, according to the survey. The survey also found that those employees and job seekers who do leave online negative reviews are 66 percent more likely to spread those opinions on social media, compared to those who only share their opinions directly with a friend or colleague.
And job seekers give more weight to the opinions of their fellow candidates and employees than a company's official stance. The survey showed that job seekers rank current employees as the most trusted source for information about a company, followed by online reviews from job applicants and former employees, respectively. The CEO or other company executives were ranked the least trusted source by job seekers.
Candidates are consumers
While it's important to offer a stellar candidate experience to potential employees, the research also revealed that the impression people get from interacting with your company as a candidate translates directly into their impression of your brand and how they interact with you as a consumer, as well.
"We found that if you give people a bad experience through the application, interview and screening process, they're less inclined to apply to your company for the rest of their lives. Now, we've discovered that the impact goes far beyond that; not only are they not likely to ever work for you, they are impacting your entire brand, your products, your bottom line as they share their sub-par experiences. And because the internet is forever, because it's now a company's 'permanent record,' that's impacting the perception of hundreds, thousands, possibly millions of potential candidates and customers," says Schawbel.
Imagine an entry-level marketing professional who has a bad candidate experience with your firm, Schawbel says. That person may or may not turn to review sites to document how they were treated throughout the process, but here's the kicker: What if, 10 or 15 years later, that entry-level candidate you treated poorly becomes a rock star director of marketing -- exactly what your firm is looking for?
"The chances of that person coming to work for you now, after how they were treated back when they were 'just' a lowly college graduate, are slim to none. They're going to say no; you've lost them as a candidate and, most likely, as a customer, too," Schawbel says.
While 91 percent of employers agree that candidate experience can impact consumer purchasing decisions, only 26 percent measure this effect. And while 99 percent of employers surveyed believe managing employer brand and reputation is important to attracting top talent, only 45 percent devote HR resources to protecting employer brand.
Balance of power
This shift in the balance of power from employer to candidate and/or employee means organizations must change up their approach when trying to attract and retain top talent, says Robin D. Richards, chairman and CEO of CareerArc.
"Your brand used to be what you, as a company, said about yourself; what your commercials said and how your product performed. But now, that's completely flipped. Now, your customers -- and your candidates -- determine your brand, not you. That means, when you're recruiting and hiring, HR better have the attention of the C-suite, and they have to realize that the applicants have as much, if not more, power than the company. Until a company recognizes this, they're not going to get the most or, more importantly, the best candidates," Richards says.
Candidates in control
With candidates in control and with the internet as their "megaphone," companies must focus intensely on their employer brand and constantly work to prove to those potential employees that they are the right fit, not the other way around, Richards says.
But one of the most important and most overlooked areas of interaction isn't just with potential applicants or current employees, though those are critical, Richards says. It's with candidates you've declined to hire.
"Social media has given everyone a voice, and has forced corporations to be courteous and kind; it's reiterated the message that you are never too big to respect and care for your customers, or risk the consequences. And nowhere is that more critical than when you're interacting with a declined candidate," Richards says.
According to the Wall Street Journal, there are 219 applicants for every open job a company posts on a job board, Richards says. That means a company's facing 218 negative interaction experiences versus one highly positive one -- but it doesn't have to be that way, Richards says.
"If I'm a candidate, and I spend three hours preparing my résumé, writing a cover letter, applying to this company, telling everyone about it, then I'm very certain I'd be a good fit. But if a company comes back and tells me 'No, you're not a good fit,' then I have no choice but to believe they have bad judgement. Instead of avoiding these interactions, companies have to go the extra mile to provide respect and courtesy to these folks," Richards says.
What does that look like? It can be as simple as updating your applicant tracking system (ATS) to send out automated emails that update candidates on their progress or status. Or it can be much more in-depth and involved, like the program CareerArc and HR consulting firm Mercer developed called Candidate Care. Candidate Care is an online platform that offers job alerts, networking assistance, résumé and cover letter workshops, video interviewing practice and skills assessments to help declined candidates with the job search and to make rejection as positive an experience as possible, Richards says.
"At the very least, your ATS should be able to send out an email to an applicant immediately that says, 'We've received your application. Thank you so much for considering us.' That's the minimum. The better way is to reach out and acknowledge that candidates spend hours putting together these application packages, or preparing for interviews, or taking skills tests or any of the other hoops we make people jump through -- they do all that, and they deserve at least the acknowledgement that their efforts were noticed and appreciated. You also should let people know what to expect and when -- 'We'll get back to you within two weeks,' is all you have to say. Now people can relax a bit because they have an answer," he says.
These approaches help companies ensure candidates don't reflexively hate them, Richards says, by moving the focus of the conversation from disappointment to respect.
"It's about going that extra mile, and it really doesn't cost that much at all, compared to the negative impact a candidate could have on your brand! Let someone feel like they're a silver medalist. Let someone understand that you truly, honestly appreciate their efforts. Let people know you are honored they chose you to apply to, even if you can't hire them right now. You can call it brand amplification, brand promotion, employer branding -- what it really comes down to is common courtesy," Richards says.
Related Video
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
The Mets' 2016 draft class has shown early on that it has the team's DNA — injuries are an inherited trait. Nearly a full year after the draft and about...
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Image caption Stephen Ellis was convicted of 15 sexual offences after a trial at Hull Crown Court
A "dangerous" paedophile has been jailed for 19 years after being convicted of a string of sexual offences against three victims.
Stephen Ellis, 40, was found guilty after a trial of offences including rape, sexual assault and sexual activity with a child.
Hull Crown Court heard one of his victims was just five years old at the time she was abused.
Ellis, of Leslie Avenue, Hull, was convicted of 15 offences.
More stories from across East Yorkshire and northern Lincolnshire
The court heard the offences took place between May 2004 and September 2010.
In a victim impact statement read out in court one woman, who was 14-years-old when the offending began, said Ellis had "ruined" her life.
She said: "When he made sexual advances towards me he made me feel sick.
"I was young and impressionable and I did not realise what he was doing was wrong.
"The past will always be there. I can't forget it. He's made me feel dirty."
'Living a nightmare'
A second victim said she had attempted to kill herself as a result of the abuse she suffered.
Barrister Michele Stuart-Lofthouse read a statement on the victim's behalf in which she said: "I'm living a nightmare, I can't put it in to words.
"I want to move forward with my life but I'm being held back by my past.
"I do not deserve this. I'm young, I should be happy. I hope I can be one day."
The court heard Ellis had been sexually abused as a boy and he was described as an "extraordinarily troubled person".
Judge Mark Bury said: "There's is no doubt at all in my mind that you are a dangerous offender who poses a significant risk of causing serious sexual harm."
Found guilty of:
NEW YORK — He was found just before 7 a.m. on Election Day, lying on the floor of the Russian Consulate on the Upper East Side.
The man was unconscious and unresponsive, with an unidentified head wound — “blunt force trauma,” in cop parlance. By the time emergency responders reached him, he was dead.
Initial reports said the nameless man had plunged to his death from the roof of the consulate. As journalists rushed to the scene, consular officials quickly changed the narrative. The anonymous man had not fallen dozens of feet from the roof of the consular building, they said, but rather had suffered a heart attack in the security office, and died.
By the time the man's body left the morgue the next day, Donald J. Trump was president-elect of the United States. ID: 10523076
By the time the man's body left the morgue the next day, Donald J. Trump was president-elect of the United States. It was the culmination of a sensational, bitterly divisive political campaign that US intelligence agencies would later say Russia actively sought to manipulate and skew in Trump's favor. With the election results, the world had turned upside down, and the death of the man at the consulate quickly faded from view.
Police officers said the death of Sergei Krivov — his name revealed here publicly for the first time — looked natural, and listed the case as closed.
But who was Krivov? And how did he really die? Three months after he was found dead, as tensions between the US and Russia reach a fever pitch, the New York City medical examiner isn't sure he had a heart attack after all.
The Russian Consulate at 11 E. 91st St. in New York City on Feb. 6, 2017. Ben King / BuzzFeed News ID: 10522989
As far as paper trails go, dying is a messy thing, even under normal circumstances. But in the months since Krivov's death, it's proven nearly impossible to find out how he died, who he was, and how, if at all, federal authorities were involved in any investigation.
English-language news reports said Krivov, identified then only as a 63-year-old Russian national and Manhattan resident, was a security officer. But a November report from Sputnik, the English-language Russian media outlet, says he was a consular duty commander.
That position is no ordinary security guard. According to other public Russian-language descriptions of the duty commander position, Krivov would have been in charge of, among other things, “prevention of sabotage” and suppression of “attempts of secret intrusion” into the consulate.
In other words, it was Krivov's job to make sure US intelligence agencies didn't have ears in the building.
As far as paper trails go, dying is a messy thing, even under normal circumstances. ID: 10523091
The duty commander would also have had access to the consulate's crypto-card — the top secret codebreaker used to encrypt and decrypt messages transmitted between the consulate and other Russian channels. It was likely Krivov who helped transmit cables in and out of the heavily guarded building.
Despite being described as a Manhattan resident by the NYPD, Krivov is a phantom in public records. No one with his name, or any iteration of it, has lived in Manhattan for years, and the only other two Krivovs listed in New York state didn't return calls asking if they knew a Sergei (in the NYPD's files, Krivov's name is not transliterated as “Sergei” or “Sergey” but as the less common “Cergej”). Neither were listed as related to one. An NYPD officer looking at the case file told BuzzFeed News no family was listed.
The NYPD told BuzzFeed News the responding officers were in contact with “whoever was in charge of the consulate” for information regarding Krivov.
But when BuzzFeed News went to Krivov's address, listed in the NYPD's files, at 11 E. 90th St., it wasn't a residence. It's a Smithsonian-owned office building for its neighboring Cooper Hewitt design museum. It's located a block behind the Russian Consulate, which is at 9 E. 91st St. One of the consulate's public entrances is 11 E. 91st St.
Asked about the discrepancy, the NYPD insisted that 11 E. 90th St. was the address they had been given for Krivov, apparently by Russian consular officials.
“No one is living here — this is where my desk is right now,” a Smithsonian employee at the address said when BuzzFeed News called.
It's unclear how thoroughly or for how long the NYPD investigated Krivov's death. Multiple officials declined to offer any details about the investigation. Several officers told BuzzFeed News the case is listed as “closed.”
“The narrative of the story is kind of vague, it's not saying much,” one officer said, scanning the incident report with BuzzFeed News on the phone. “With all cases like this, it is investigated by the detective squad,” he said. “For some reason it was closed out.”
A separate officer said the case was listed as “no criminology suspected, natural causes.”
The medical examiner's office, though, says their investigation of Krivov's death remains open.
“The cause and manner of death are pending further studies,” said Julie Bolcer, a spokeswoman for the office. “There are no results to share yet.”
This disconnect between the medical examiner's office and the NYPD is not normal. In standard practice, a death investigation would not be formally closed by police officers until the medical examiner had reached a determination on the death.
“It's open until you can get a cause of death….there has to be a complete circuit with a case,” said Marq Claxton, a former NYPD investigator. “That case is going to stay open until there's a final determination, it could be a homicide, it could be something, it could be accidental or whatever.”
A separate medical examiner official said Krivov's body had been released the day after his death, but declined to say to whom the body was released. That the medical examiner no longer has the body, but testing continues, suggests toxicology screening of tissue or blood samples.
It's not necessarily uncommon for toxicology tests to take weeks or even months to come back. The medical examiner's office would not specify the kind of further testing being done.
None of the five major funeral chapels or funeral homes in upper Manhattan knew of any recently deceased person named Krivov. The New York City Health Department declined BuzzFeed News' request to search for records related to Krivov's death, saying that by standard practices, any search had to be requested by a family member. The city's burial desk, which tracks documentation from funeral homes, said it only files paperwork and doesn't have a searchable database.
The NYPD denied BuzzFeed News' request for the incident report, saying the request did not contain enough details, including the date, precinct, and location of Krivov's death, or the incident number. BuzzFeed News' request in fact included all of that information. A separate denial said the incident report “is not a public record and can only be obtained through due process of law (Court Ordered Subpoena).”
According to experts and former police officers, incident reports are not generally withheld by the NYPD.
“The incident report, after an investigation is closed, typically that is releasable,” said Michael Morisy, the founder of MuckRock, a nonprofit organization dedicated to government transparency and records laws. “It's really weird that they would categorically state that was rejected…incident reports are not broadly exempt from public records law.”
In a last-ditch effort to find where Krivov's body may have been taken, BuzzFeed News called Aeroflot airlines, the only major carrier with direct flights between New York and Moscow. Aeroflot would not say whether it had flown a body from New York to Russia in the days following Nov. 8. Information about body transports, it said, was classified and could only be released by a government entity.
The exterior of 11 E. 90th St. on Feb. 6, 2017. Ben King / BuzzFeed News ID: 10523013
As police made their way to the consulate that Election Day morning, Americans' interest in Moscow had reached a fever pitch of Cold War–era proportions, fueled by a near-constant barrage of reports detailing a wide-ranging Russian intelligence operation that the US intelligence community says was designed to undermine the US election.
It stands to reason that Krivov, who was nearing the upper end of the mortality curve for Russian men, may have died a completely natural death, and that much of the hand-wringing over the incident is due to bureaucratic red tape rather than suspicious circumstances.
But given the unique circumstances — and a backdrop of plummeting US–Russia relations — the lack of information has done little to quell theories. The more questions that were asked about Krivov, the fewer people wanted to talk.
“No one seems to want to discuss this,” one law enforcement source said, after reaching out to other law enforcement officials to see what they had heard about the case.
In the hours following Krivov's death, the NYPD had said it would identify him following notification of his family. When BuzzFeed News asked for his identity months later, police immediately said the request would have to go to through the US State Department.
The State Department, after being initially responsive, abruptly told BuzzFeed News it wouldn't help, and said the information would have to come from the Russian Consulate.
“No one seems to want to discuss this.” ID: 10523099
“I'm not sure why they would or would not want to share this,” one State Department official said in a follow-up phone call, referring to the NYPD and the State Department. A New York police officer eventually gave BuzzFeed News Krivov's name.
The incident — and the lack of information surrounding it — has raised eyebrows in Washington.
Two sources to whom BuzzFeed News spoke, who requested anonymity to discuss the probe, said Krivov appeared to be a heavy drinker, which law enforcement concluded led to his natural death.
“I don't think there's anything there,” one US intelligence official said.
The State Department also refused to say whether Krivov was registered as a foreign agent, how long he had been in the US, what his immigration status was, and whether they had any contact with the Russian mission regarding his death.
When asked about the incident, Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said: “Are you serious?” She continued: “He had heart problems, he had heart attacks. It's weird that your outlet is interested in this.”
“The employee of the Consulate General of Russia Sergei Krivov passed away on November 8, 2016,” the consulate told BuzzFeed News. “An American doctor that was admitted to the Consulate General stated without a doubt that the death was by natural reasons. Medical examiners are currently establishing the cause of his death, but it is believed that the man suffered a heart attack.”
The FBI said it was not involved in investigating Krivov's death. It declined to comment further and deferred to the NYPD.
The NYPD did not give BuzzFeed News an official comment on the investigation. BuzzFeed News spoke with the NYPD several times for this story, including with the precinct involved in the incident and the NYPD's public affairs office.
Outside the Russian Consulate on Feb. 6, 2017. Ben King / BuzzFeed News ID: 10523009
Krivov's place of employment — a palatial stone compound in Manhattan's posh Upper East Side — has long been one of the premiere spy hotspots in the decades-old espionage war between the US and Moscow. Where many aficionados would understandably expect Washington, DC, to be prime real estate for cloak-and-dagger theater, New York City is oft-trodden territory, not least for its hosting of the United Nations.
It is unknown whether Krivov worked with Russian or US intelligence agencies. His work may not have even put him near any intelligence operations that were being run out of the consulate.
According to FBI court documents from 2015, the foreign arm of the Russian intelligence service, the SVR, likely keeps a secure office space inside the Manhattan consulate where Krivov worked.
In criminal documents filed against Evgeny Buryakov, Igor Sporyshev, and Victor Podobny — three undercover Russian foreign intelligence agents working in New York City — the bureau described “a secure office in Manhattan used by SVR agents to send and receive intelligence reports and assignments from Moscow (the ‘SVR NY Office').”
The criminal complaint does not say specifically that the “SVR NY Office” is in the Manhattan consulate, but the document does say it is “located within an office maintained by the Russian Federation in New York, New York.”
It's an open secret, US intelligence officials say, that the consulate is a staging ground for Russian intelligence operations. It's also a coveted target for US agents. And It's importance, officials say, has been underscored as US intelligence agencies try to get their arms around the Russians' sweeping operation to manipulate the US election.
“That's always a target,” the US intelligence official said of the Manhattan consulate.
In an unprecedented report issued in early January, on the eve of Trump's inauguration, the intelligence community writ large detailed the concerted Russian effort to manipulate and undermine the US election. Key to the intelligence community assessment were a multitude of intelligence channels, including signals intelligence — or SIGINT — like intercepted electronic communications or IP addresses. The specifics of where that SIGINT came from, and what it consisted of, remain secret.
BuzzFeed News has filed a FOIA request with the NYPD for the police report on Krivov's death, and any related paperwork. That request was received, but a determination has not yet been made as to whether the department will provide them.
Maybe those documents will provide insight into a death that, for now, remains a mystery. Nov. 8 began with his death, and ended with one of the most contentious political upsets in history. After that, Sergei Krivov simply vanished. ●
No signature, no sale.
Art heir David Wildenstein says billionaire Len Blavatnik should have known better than to consider a verbal promise to sell him his family's townhouse for $79 million legally binding, according to Manhattan court papers.
Access Industries, one of Blavatnik's companies, slapped Wildenstein with a $10 million suit for reneging on the deal they allegedly struck in a Oct. 6, 2016, phone call for the sale of the luxurious E. 64th Street townhouse.
In Manhattan Supreme Court papers, Wildenstein's lawyers argue that the “frivolous and hastily contrived” suit should be dismissed because a phone call can't be considered a “binding agreement for a real estate transaction.”
In addition, a week later, on Oct. 13, Wildenstein informed Blavatnik that “he was not authorized” to sell the 20,500 square foot property, designed by Gilded Age architect Horace Trumbauer, without co-op board approval.
His lawyers argue that it is unreasonable for the “sophisticated and experienced real estate investor” to believe an agreement was reached when it was “never reduced to writing.”
The attorneys also question Blavatnik's claim that he was so intent on closing on the townhouse – assigning three executives to work around the clock on the project – that he lost out on two out-of-state real-estate deals worth $680 million.
“That there were two desirable deals Plaintiff missed out on perhaps reveals poor staffing and organization,” wrote the lawyers in a dig at Blavatnik, 59, who famously bought the city's most expensive co-op for $80 million two years ago.
He wanted to use the townhouse, which the Wildenstein family once employed as an art gallery, for office space, sources said.
Wildenstein, 36, later sold the stunning limestone building, with 20-foot ceilings, a weeping staircase and an 18-century salon imported from the home of a Parisian prince, to another buyer for $81 million.
Blavatnik's suit calls the Wildensteins “notorious” and says that “family members' numerous personal peccadillos” have become “fodder for the tabloids.”
David's father, Guy Wildenstein, was the defendant in a $600 million tax fraud trial in Paris, France, and will learn his fate in that case next week.
A prototype autonomous ship known as the Medium Displacement Unmanned Surface Vehicle (MDUSV) has officially been transferred to the U.S. Navy from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) after a two-year testing and evaluation program. Named “Sea Hunter,” the Office of Naval Research will continue to develop the vessel from this point forward.
Although there's no specific timetable for when the Sea Hunter would join active naval operations, the statement from DARPA indicated that it could happen as early as this year. The anti-submarine warfare vessel could be the first of an entirely new class of warship.
“[Sea Hunter] represents a new vision of naval surface warfare that trades small numbers of very capable, high-value assets for large numbers of commoditized, simpler platforms that are more capable in the aggregate,” said Fred Kennedy of DARPA. “The U.S. military has talked about the strategic importance of replacing ‘king' and ‘queen' pieces on the maritime chessboard with lots of ‘pawns.'”
The collaboration between the Navy and DARPA began in 2014, with the ship christened in April 2016. A rigorous series of open-water tests followed, including surveillance and mine counter-measures.
According to Newsweek, the ship got its name from the mission the Navy envisions for it — stalking foreign submarines at sea. It's relatively cheap to build at $20 million, and it's far less expensive to run than a similar manned vessel.
“This is an inflection point,” former Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work said in an interview with Reuters in 2016. “This is the first time we've ever had a totally robotic, trans-oceanic-capable ship.”
“I would like to see unmanned flotillas operating in the western Pacific and the Persian Gulf within five years,” he added.
The Navy hopes that ships of the future will be able to stay at sea for months at a time and travel thousands of miles without any crew. The Sea Hunter is currently a surveillance platform and has no weapons onboard. It's 127 feet long and can reach speed of 27 knots, using cameras and radar to track its location and spot other ships.
Work went on to emphasize that if robot ships like Sea Hunter were outfitted with weapons in the future, there would always be a human at the controls. “There's no reason to be afraid of a ship like this,” he said.
CLEVELAND — The memories of winning a championship two years ago came flooding back for the Chicago Cubs when they arrived at Progressive Field on Tuesday.
The positive feelings continued once the game began.
Kyle Schwarber hit two of Chicago's four solo home runs during a 10-3 victory over the Cleveland Indians in the first meeting between the teams since their classic 2016 World Series.
The Cubs won Game 7 of that Series in Cleveland for their first championship since 1908. While the significance of the latest victory didn't come close to matching that, the Chicago players were reminded of it everywhere they turned.
“I like to think about the World Series, especially about all of the adversity we faced,” Schwarber said. “That was the moment we all live for, and we want to get back to it.”
Cubs shortstop Addison Russell, who doubled and scored in the second, was excited about the return.
“Just walking off the bus, into the stadium, you get a sense of nostalgia,” he said. “The first thing I noticed when we got in the clubhouse was they replaced the carpet, which was nice. I think we messed it up pretty good. I was thinking about that great memory, walking around with my World Series champion shirt on.”
Even the weather was similar. Game 7 was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead. This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch.
The Cubs won three games in Cleveland's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin (0-3), who allowed all four homers. Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth. Willson Contreras went deep in the third and Ian Happ homered in the fourth.
Schwarber is batting .500 (15 for 30) with three homers and eight RBIs in seven career games at Progressive Field, including the post-season. The left-handed hitter, who grew up in southwest Ohio, made his major league debut in Cleveland in 2015. He had six hits in his first two starts.
“Obviously, he sees the ball well here,” Cubs manager Joe Maddon said. “His debut was here, so that was adrenalin. The World Series was adrenalin. Now he's starting to hit the ball really well, so he showed up in Cleveland at the right time.”
Tyler Chatwood (1-3) won for the first time with the Cubs, allowing one run in six-plus innings. He was pulled after a leadoff single in the seventh.
Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant was out of the lineup two days after being hit in the head by a pitch. Maddon said before the game that the 2016 NL MVP has a cut above his left eye but no concussion after being drilled Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
Maddon said he would speak with Bryant before making out Wednesday's lineup.
Happ was 3 for 4 with two RBIs, and Contreras hit his first home run of the season.
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances. The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third, but right fielder Jason Heyward's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning. Davis tried to score from second on Jose Ramirez's single, but was out on a headfirst slide. Cleveland challenged but the call was upheld.
Heyward also took a hit away from Kipnis with a sliding catch in the sixth.
“It was one of those games where we got down early and it just … it was 5-1, but it seemed like more and they spread it out,” Indians manager Terry Francona said. “It's kind of a miserable night and it's more miserable when you're losing.”
The teams complete the two-game series Wednesday night. The Cubs have won four of five and are two games over .500 (11-9) for the first time this season.
The rain intensified throughout the game, leaving puddles in the infield and causing Cubs reliever Steve Cishek to slip on the mound several times. The inclement weather led to a crowd of 16,408.
MORE FLASHBACKS
It only seemed natural the topic of the World Series was brought up before the game.
“It was one of the most interesting Series, probably ever,” Maddon said.
Davis' eighth-inning home run off closer Aroldis Chapman tied the game and caused the ballpark to shake from the crowd reaction. Davis downplayed the significance of that moment on this series.
“We have to put it in perspective,” he said. “It's not October, nor is it November. It's not World Series baseball. It's a lot different.”
UP NEXT
Cubs LHP Jon Lester (2-0, 3.10 ERA) faces RHP Trevor Bauer (1-2, 2.67) in the series finale. Lester went 1-1 with a 3.68 ERA in three appearances against Cleveland during the 2016 World Series.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — At least 60 inmates died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas, including several who were beheaded or dismembered, in the biggest killing at a Brazilian prison since 1992.
Authorities said the riot apparently grew out of a fight between two of the country's biggest crime gangs over control of prisons and drug routs in northern Brazil.
Amazonas state public security secretary Sergio Fontes said that in addition to the deaths, some inmates escaped from the Anisio Jobim Penitentiary Complex in Manaus, but he did not say how many. He added that 40 had been recaptured.
Twelve prison guards were held hostage by the inmates, though none was wounded during the riot that began Sunday afternoon and ended Monday morning.
“This is the biggest prison massacre in our state's history,” Fontes said during a press conference. “What happened here is another chapter of the war that narcos are waging on this country and it shows that this problem cannot be tackled only by state governments.”
Fontes confirmed that many of the dead had been beheaded and Judge Luis Carlos Valois, who negotiated the end of the riot with inmates, said he saw many bodies that were quartered.
“I never saw anything like that in my life. All those bodies, the blood,” Valois wrote on Facebook.
It was the largest death toll during a Brazilian prison riot since the killing of 111 inmates by police officers in the Carandiru penitentiary in São Paulo in 1992. Police said they acted in self-defense then.
Two other prisons in Manaus also reported riots on Monday. In one of them 87 prisoners escaped, including one that posted a picture of him on Facebook as he left. Amazonas police are investigating whether there is a link between the incidents in the three prisons.
By the end of Monday afternoon Amazonas state police said the situation had become stable in all three prisons.
Brazilian daily Estado de S.Paulo later reported that federal police were investigating whether Valois has links to one of the gangs involved in the incident.
Fontes said the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang, the Family of the North, against those of the First Command of the Capital that is based in São Paulo.
The secretary said that officers found a hole in a prison wall through which weapons entered the building. A policeman was wounded in exchange of fire with the inmates. Several firearms were found in the post-riot search by police.
The First Command, nationally known as PCC, is the most powerful drug and prison gang in Brazil and it has been trying to extend its reach to northern prisons dominated by the Family of the North. To counter, Family of the North associated with the Red Commando of Rio de Janeiro, the second biggest crime gang in Brazil.
Valois said that during the negotiations, inmates only asked “that we did not transfer them, made sure they were not attacked and kept their visitation.”
The riot ended after the inmates freed the last of the 12 prison staffers they had held hostage, Valois said.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
BROWARD COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – Cell phone video taken from a balcony captured the tense moments leading up to a fatal shooting of a Lauderdale Lakes man by a Broward deputy, the Miami Herald reports.
The video released by the Broward Sheriff's Office Friday shows 42-year-old Jean Pedro Pierre dragging and attacking Deputy Sean Youngward before a second deputy shoots him.
At the time, the deputies were responding to a report of a disturbance at a Lauderdale Lakes condominium.
Pierre is seen dragging Youngward by his left leg as his neighbors beg Pierre to let him go. The deputy calls for backup after his baton and taser failed to subdue his attacker.
Pierre continues to drag attack the deputy and then another officer, Deputy Steven Briggs comes into the picture.
“Tase him, tase him; don't shoot him,” a bystander yells.
Briggs tries tasing Pierre but was unsuccessful.
“Let it go, bro. They're gonna shoot you, man,” one man yells. “Think smart, bro,” says another.
Pierre finally lets the officer go, then charges at Briggs who shoots him three times. Pierre can be seen falling in the parking lot.
Pierre was transported to Broward Health Medical Center, where he later died.
“Youngward tried to stop the violent attack by deploying his Taser and using his ASP (extending baton). Neither form of less-lethal force stopped Pierre from assaulting him,” the sheriff's office said in a statement.
“[Deputy] Briggs ordered Pierre to stop,” BSO added. “Instead, Pierre charged at [Deputy] Briggs and several shots were fired. Pierre was not armed.”
At a press conference Friday, Broward Sheriff Scott Israel said he released the video to quash rumors and speculation about the shooting that were circulating on social media.
“Unarmed assailants take guns away from police officers and they are many police officers in the United States of America who tragically have died at the hands of their own weapons,” Israel said.
Pierre's sister Giuliane Jean told CBS Miami his family is devastated.
“This is not my brother,” Jean said. “He was not a violent person. He was a good guy.”
Pierre's daughter Shania told the affiliate her father's actions may have been caused by a stroke he had a few years ago.
“I know my dad didn't mean it,” she told the network. “He didn't mean it at all. My dad, he had a mental health issue that nobody knew about and I wish the police knew about it before killing him.”
Monica Osagie Appears Before OAU Panel Over Sex-For-Marks Scandal
Monica Osagie, the lady at the centre of the sex-for-marks scandal rocking the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife, has appeared before the committee set up by the school to probe the incident. An audio recording of a senior academic staff of the school, Prof Richard Akindele, allegedly soliciting for sex in exchange for marks from […]
The post Monica Osagie Appears Before OAU Panel Over Sex-For-Marks Scandal appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Adam LaRoche's son returns for strange playoff cameo Drake LaRoche was banished from one big league clubhouse, but you can't keep him away from October! The Washington Nationals are making the bizarre decision to use the playoffs to honor...
The White Sox should always have a picket sign handy Baseball teams traditionally try to throw strikes, not go on them. But the White Sox are racking up quite the protesting history. A day after Chris Sale's bizarre tantrum, in...
Roger Clemens the star of Adam LaRoche's all-geezer team Adam LaRoche won't have any trouble bringing his son to baseball games now that he's organized his own team outside of the MLB. LaRoche, 36, who unexpectedly retired from baseball...
The obvious place to start Mets' first base search The simplest move the Mets can make to replace Lucas Duda would be to turn to James Loney. He is at Triple-A with the Padres, hitting .333. He is allowed...
Adam LaRoche went undercover with underage Asian sex slaves Former Chicago White Sox player Adam LaRoche — who hung up his cleats when the team partly banned his son from the clubhouse — went on an undercover mission last...
Yale's NCAA tourney shocker: a win for student-athletes Perhaps it's known as “The Big Dance” because the truth, at best, is only danced round. What made Yale's NCAA Tournament win over Baylor such a good, if fleeting, story?...
White Sox before shutting up: We didn't lie about LaRoche White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf released a statement Sunday in a last-gasp effort to extinguish the flames that have engulfed the organization. In the statement, Reinsdorf said the national controversy about...
Adam LaRoche twist: Players complained behind his back PORT ST. LUCIE — Adam LaRoche still is retired, but the reasoning behind his departure keeps getting more complicated. According to a USA Today report, White Sox VP Ken Williams...
LaRoche says White Sox VP stabbed him in back on bringing son to ballpark PORT ST. LUCIE — It appears recently retired White Sox slugger Adam LaRoche is sticking to his decision to give up baseball because he was told to not bring his...
19 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Chris Sandow has been charged by police for his involvement in a street brawl in the suburbs of Queensland.
Footage of the incident surfaced online, which allegedly shows the former Warrington Wolves halfback taking part in a street fight in front of an ongoing crowd.
He is due to appear at Murgon Magistrates Court on January 10.
Former NRL star Chris Sandow has been charged after a series of brawls in Cherbourg. https://t.co/xz9WiwqNed #7News pic.twitter.com/Avd0Hvdqlq — 7 News Queensland (@7NewsQueensland) January 2, 2017
The alleged incident is the latest controversy involving Sandow in the last few months. He dramatically walked out of his contract at Warrington, quitting the Super League Grand Finalists via his agent despite having another year remaining on his deal.
Since his departure, he has expressed a desire to secure an NRL return, although he has yet to find a club so far.
Renters have the chance to live like a king in a stunning pink Scottish castle for less than the price of a six-bedroom flat in Dundee.
Grade A-listed Farnell Castle near Brechin is owned by David Carnegie, the Duke of Fife, and is up for rent for £1,600 a month after a renovation.
The four-bedroom property sits in large, mature gardens and was used as a school, tearoom and craft shop.
Traditional features include the stone spiral staircase that runs through the house and the tower to the front of the property.
Real fires provide additional heat in most of the rooms but a new central heating system has recently been installed.
The occupiers will have to pay a £3,200 deposit and £60 a month for water and sewage.
It was first built more than 700 years ago and was the residence of the Bishops of Brechin until the mid 16th Century.
The property has been in the Carnegie family for more than four centuries.
Head of the family today is David, 4th Duke of Fife, who as great-great-grandson of Edward VII is in line of succession to the British throne.
Farnell Castle costs £170 per month less than a six-bedroom flat in Dundee's Reform Street.
The property is being rented through CKD Galbraith.
The gender pay gap in IT is real. But delve deeper into the data, and the underlying reasons for pay inequity — discrepancies in roles, leadership and opportunities — come to light.
Studies consistently show that the gender pay gap is real. Even in IT, where the need for verifiable skills and a time honored belief in meritocracy should help level the playing field, women take home less pay than men. But a strange thing happens when accounting for the exact same education, experience, job title and industry: the pay gap disappears. Men and women with similar backgrounds in similar roles get paid the same.
In the fall of 2015, PayScale released a massive compensation study that tracked more than 1.4 million full-time employees over a two-year period. The findings were depressing, but not surprising: Women make less than men in every industry and job, though the wage gap is much narrower in IT than elsewhere.
Dice.com's annual salary survey report echoed these findings in 2016 — with a twist. The survey, which measured the compensation levels and types of jobs held by men and women in IT, found that when comparing equal titles, experience, and education, men and women in technology are paid equally, a finding that has been consistent since Dice.com's 2009 salary survey.
The position gap
So what gives? Is there a gender pay gap in tech or not? According to Dice, IT suffers from a “position gap,” as previous Dice research has shown that women and men tend to hold different positions within IT, accounting for the differences in pay.
Hired.com/IDG
“Of the top five positions held by both men and women, only project managers made the list. Otherwise, men and women tend to gravitate toward different jobs within technology,” said Scot Melland, formerly Dice.com's CEO and now a member of the board of directors for several tech companies and an industry advisor for Warburg Pincus, when commenting on the Dice survey at the time. “Our survey shows that more men are gravitating to software engineering, programming, architecture, and more ‘technical' positions, while more women are in project management, administration, and the ‘softer' technology roles.”
Whether this is by choice or because of a systemic, institutional bias is the million-dollar question that no study has successfully answered, Melland said.
Katie Bardaro, lead economist for PayScale, said PayScale's data concurs: There is a greater number of men in architecture, programming, and development jobs while women gravitate toward project management, administration, and other ‘softer' areas, she said. She speculated that it could be that those positions have a more predictable, 9-to-5, five-days-a-week schedule that's easier to plan around.
“There's a lack of flexibility in some of the harder, architecture and development, programming and coding jobs,” Bardaro said. “Many of these jobs require 24-hours-a-day, 7-days-a-week, on-call availability that, if you have a family, if you're juggling other responsibilities as women usually are, they can't accommodate. So, it's not a wage gap that's the problem, it's a jobs gap,” Bardaro said.
PayScale's 2015 report looked at 150 tech-specific job titles and found that once the data was controlled for compensable factors like education, experience, and job responsibilities, discrepancies in pay aren't significant, if they exist at all, especially in tech.
Occupational segregation
Yet, a major disconnect shows up in more recent research. Hired's 2018 State of Wage Inequality report finds an 8 percent gender wage gap for technical roles. When considering technology positions, including data analytics, design, product management and software engineering, product management's wage gap is only 4 percent, half that of the other positions, according to the Hired research. Though that's much narrower than the average 20 percent across all industries, it's still a gap. And Visier's Gender Equity Update research shows the same phenomenon.
“What's still hampering all these efforts is that companies are still dealing with ‘occupational segregation' — girls and women are still choosing careers that have lower earnings potential, for whatever social and systemic reasons — and that will take time to address and correct,” says Josie Sutcliffe, vice president of marketing at data analytics firm Visier, who commissioned the research. “There are so many organizations and nonprofits and leaders and schools right now encouraging women and girls into tech, but it's going to take time to reach parity.”
The manager divide
What Visier's research reveals is a deeper problem with how the gender wage gap manifests as women progress in their careers: the “manager disconnect.”
“We identified this ‘manager divide' or ‘manager disconnect,' and what that means is that for women, around age 32 the wage gap started widening,” Sutcliffe says. “It continued to widen until early-to-mid-forties and then it narrowed slightly after that. When we looked at why, well, think about what's happening. It's the same time women are losing representation in managerial positions and they're starting to have children and sometimes take time away from the workforce — there's absolutely a motherhood penalty, whether they're being passed over for promotions or they're choosing not to go after these opportunities, it's a factor in wages.”
Before age 40, the research shows, women are less likely to be promoted than their male peers, but after 40 they are promoted at a higher rate. Research also shows that, as women enter traditionally male-dominated fields, wages in those fields decline across the board.
The lesson for companies, Sutcliffe says, is to go beyond equal pay for equal work — which is a great place to start — and expand efforts to include succession planning, promotions, equitable leave policies and rooting out biases that could deter women from taking technical roles and leadership roles.
“You need to look at your culture and enact policies that will help women stay in the workforce in the first place, but also determine whether or not your promotions criteria, your leave policies, your leadership progressions are equitable, too,” she says.
What do women want? Equal pay
Rectifying the gender wage gap at your own company is a fairly easy issue to solve, and it can help with attracting and retaining IT talent — women technologists, especially. In fact, two out of five women say equal pay is their top workplace wish — and that's critical for CIOs who want to hire and retain women technologists.
In 2016, Jeff Weber, the senior VP of people and places at enterprise learning and training software company Instructure, authored a survey that polled more than 1,000 working men and women across the U.S. The results revealed that equal pay is the issue most women want, and the one both women and men most expect to change by 2020.
And that might not just be optimism. Increasing awareness of the issue of gender pay inequity, especially in IT, where companies struggle to attract, hire and retain talent, will likely put pressure on the issue. Companies such as Salesforce, Intel and Adobe have undertaken highly publicized moves to correct pay inequalities in their workforce. And social movements like #MeToo and #TimesUp are taking the push for equity even further.
There are segments of the industry in which women are consistently paid more than men; data center careers, for instance.
Data center software company Stratoscale released the results of its first biannual Data Center Professionals Salary Survey, which polled 314 data center professionals globally in February 2016, and found that women in the data center consistently earned more than men — on average, and regardless of role, as much as 17 percent more. The survey also revealed that data center professionals are pretty well compensated, with salaries between $100,000 and $140,000.
Some companies are embracing radical pay transparency to help eliminate the wage gap. Buffer, for example, makes its salary information, and the formula it uses to calculate pay rates, publicly available. Microsoft, Pinterest and real-estate website Redfin, as well as Instructure and Hired, have performed pay audits to ensure pay is equal.
Ensuring pay is equal and making sure your culture supports equity and parity are critical to attracting and retaining IT talent — and it's an issue you address immediately. No need to wait until 2020.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
A bill designed to resolve a high-stakes standoff over taxing authority between Colorado counties and cities when it comes to recreational marijuana sales is expected to pass out of the legislature Monday.
But the measure, if signed into law by Gov. John Hickenlooper next month, may not stop a protracted legal battle between Adams County and three of its cities from winding up at the state's high court.
House Bill 1203, sponsored by Rep. Steve Lebsock, D-Thornton, authorizes counties to levy and collect sales tax on recreational marijuana, addressing headlong a December ruling by the Colorado Court of Appeals that said Adams County had no power to do so. Under Lebsock's measure, counties in Colorado would be able to impose a pot tax in unincorporated areas without challenge but would have to enter into an intergovernmental agreement with cities and towns to tax weed there.
“My bill encourages counties and cities to collaborate with each other,” Lebsock said.
Adams County caught the wrath of Commerce City, Northglenn and Aurora in 2015 when the three cities challenged the county's decision to impose a 3 percent tariff on recreational pot sold throughout the county, regardless of whether municipalities had already instituted their own marijuana sales tax. The cities argued in their lawsuit that by layering an additional tax on a transaction, Adams County was putting their marijuana businesses at a competitive disadvantage to shops in nearby counties that didn't have to charge an additional levy.
“No statutory or constitutional authority exists for a special sales tax, that is, a sales tax on particular types of items or transactions, such as a special marijuana sales tax,” the suit claims.
The appeals court agreed with the cities, ruling that even though the tax was approved by Adams County voters, the county “does not have either constitutional or statutory authorization to impose a special sales tax on retail marijuana.”
Lebsock said he hopes his measure serves as an acceptable workaround while Adams County continues its legal fight with its cities. Jim Siedlecki, a spokesman for Adams County, said, “We are still pursuing the case with the Supreme Court.”
Lebsock said the cooperative approach to recreational pot sales tax collection has already been demonstrated in Pueblo County, where last month the county and the city of Pueblo agreed to split a 3.5 percent county tax on pot. The city will get the lion's share — 85 percent — of the proceeds.
“It would behoove Adams County to collaboratively work with the cities in the county so that the county can have a special marijuana tax,” he said.
Jodi Hardee, a communications specialist with Commerce City, said the city “supported this carefully negotiated and practical legislation that preserves fiscal fair play by guarding against unauthorized taxation,” but she said as far as negotiating tax-sharing agreements with Adams County goes, the city won't make any decisions on how to proceed until the court case has been resolved.
Aurora city attorney Mike Hyman was less charitable, saying, “I don't believe the city is interested in working out a deal with Adams County to tax our pot shops.”
“This is what should have been done in the first place because it has been our position all along that the county did not have the statutory authority to levy a tax on marijuana,” Hyman said of HB 1203. “It's certainly a much better way of doing things than to have a county spring a tax upon you without consulting with you first, which is what Adams County did.”
The county has been collecting the tax since it first went into effect in July 2015. It has continued to do so even after the appeals court decision in December, Siedlecki said. He said more than $1.5 million has been collected so far and “is tracked separately” in the county's general fund.
The bill in the legislature would be “a great resolution to the issue,” Kevin Bommer, deputy director of the Colorado Municipal League. “It's not my call on what the cities should do next, but the door is open for collaboration, and taxpayers are protected from policy that would allow double taxation. It is well-crafted tax policy.”
Chip Taylor, executive director of Colorado Counties Inc., said Adams County feels like it has the legal authority to impose the tax and is defending that position all the way to the high court, which hasn't yet decided whether to review the case. He said city residents still get services from county agencies, including the district attorney's office and the human services department, so a county tax on marijuana could be seen as reasonable.
But he understands how a tax on one type of product, such as recreational pot, may run into choppy legal waters.
“I also recognize that a differential tax on a single product raises its own unique issues,” Taylor said.
This story was first published on DenverPost.com
Vivica A. Fox is spilling the tea about her relationship 50 Cent in her upcoming self-help book “Every Day, I'm Hustling.”
According to NY Daily News, Fox says 50 Cents wooed her and they had amazing chemistry although he was more focused on his career than on sex.
Via NY Daily News
“Most of the time, I would be the one initiating sex, because I really enjoyed making love with him,” writes Fox, who also describes their sessions as PG-13 but “cherished and special.”
Now, of course with social media it didn't take long for 50 Cent to find out about Fox's comments about their sex life and he has since responded on Instagram, saying this was “14 years ago…smh who does this?” See his post below:
Vivica has yet to respond to 50 Cents Instagram post but we will see.
Nevertheless, beyond her relationship with 50 Cent, in her book she also reportedly talks about being on the set of some of her most famous movies, like Kill Bill, Independence Day and much more.
The book is scheduled to be released on April 3rd.
SOURCE: NY Daily News | IMAGE CREDIT: Getty
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Clarendon County Pilot Club thanks supporters
The Clarendon County Pilot Club would like to thank the following contributors who made the annual Walk for Brain Health held Oct. 14 in Manning such a success.
Through your efforts, the Pilot Club was able to provide funds to the CART Rotary Club Alzheimer's Research Program; Camp Burnt Gin; the Wounded Warriors Project; the Special Olympics; United Ministries; the Council on Aging; the Manning High School FFA, and the Laurence Manning academy Anchor Club. Funds were also used to purchase bike helmets for children who participated in Kids' Day of Clarendon County.
We are, again, most grateful to the following contributors:
Anderson Pharmacy, Manning Restaurant, Clarendon County Chamber of Commerce, The Lily Cafe, Main Street Manning, Merle Norman, D&H, Clarendon Gas Co., Flowers de Linda's, the LMA Anchor club,
Sparrow and Kennedy, Dr. Robert Ridgeway, Linda's Boutique, Southern Flair, Edward Jones, Simpson's Hardware, Charles Hodge, Piggly Wiggly, Julia A. Nelson, Duke Shoe Shop and Catering, IGA, NBSC, Agape Hospice, Jim Black and Santee Leasing, Mariachi's, J&J Marina, The Monkey Grinder, Land, Parker and Welch PA, the Wounded Warriors Archery Project, Big T Jewelers, Manning Farm and Garden, Substation II.
Dwight Stewart, Manning Farm and Garden, Patsy Williamson, Tractor Supply, John Mathis III, Fayz at the Lake, Rigby Oil Co, the Margaret Jones Gamble Class at Manning United Methodist Church, G.G. Cutter Clarendon Exterminating Co., Black Sheep Promotions, Manning Rotary Club, Cottingham Insurance, Coffey, Chandler and McKenzie, FTC.
BM Steakhouse In., the City of Manning, Angie Jordan, McLeod Health Clarendon, Cissy's at the Studio, the Bank of Clarendon; Clarendon Family Dentistry, Santee Electric.
William H. Johnson, Henry Bozard (B.O. and Amy), Summerton Drugs, Garden House Floral Studio, Fenters Insurance Agency, Bill Brewer, Ervin's Tire Co., Giggling Gator, Taylor Made Towing.
Walkers, Manning Finance Co., Shoney's, Upper Room Class of Manning United Methodist Church, Neel Lesesne, Maree's Beauty Shop, William Sargent and Southern Lakes Therapy.
We give special thanks to Santee Automotive, Mayor Julia A. Nelson (for the welcome at the walk), Stephens Funeral Hoe, Mickey Sexton (our master of ceremonies), Brunson's Pharmacy and Pilot Club members Jane and Tommy Benton, Camille Daniel, Margaret Robertson, Sandra Brewer, Pat DuBose, Kathy Geddings, Peggy Benton, Vivian Epps, Norma Andrews, Donna Thames, Ginny Flynt and Frankie Lowder.
MARGARET ROBERTSON
Manning
Image copyright AFP
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer Elizabeth Ohene considers why bodies are not buried for months, sometimes years, in Ghana.
This past week there was another one of those typically Ghanaian funeral stories in the news.
The body of a chief who had died six years ago was still in the morgue as the family bickered over who should be designated as the "chief mourner".
I was, as is usual with me, outraged.
But the story did not attract much attention because we regularly leave dead bodies in the morgue for long periods to sort out the disputes that erupt after every death in this country.
Our elaborate, expensive funerals and over-the-top dramatically carved caskets are well documented.
In spite of the keen interest I have taken in trying to work out how funerals came to have such a hold on our society, there are some things that I still cannot understand after all these years.
Fantasy coffins
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ghanaians are well known for their elaborate coffins
See more:
I have to keep on trying to find explanations.
Take the role of the "family" in funerals for example.
According to our custom and tradition, which has been upheld by the law courts, once someone dies, the body belongs to the family.
You would think you know what and who constitute family, but once there is a death, the definition of family changes completely.
A spouse and children suddenly do not qualify as family once there is a death.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Dance and song are part of funerals in Ghana
It is only the family, referring to the extended family into which you are born, that decides on whom the chief mourner is and all the other titles that come with a death.
This "family" and this chief mourner might not have seen or spoken for the past 30 years with the dearly departed, but they are deemed to know more about the dead person than the spouse and the children.
There then follows the interminable meetings which are presided over by this "family", where the word of the spouse and children can be ignored.
It then takes weeks to draw up an obituary notice and it is an intricate business getting the list of the mourners in the right order.
More on Ghana and funerals:
So the next time you see an obituary notice in a Ghanaian newspaper, you better be appreciative of the amount of work that went into drawing it up to ensure no offence has been caused and family feuds have not been started or old ones rekindled.
The choice of the chief mourner is critical because he is not only in charge of the funeral, he, and it is always a, never a, has the ultimate word on who succeeds the deceased.
All this while the body has to be kept in the fridge as there will be disputes about when and where to bury the dead person.
Not surprising therefore that we often end up in court with injunctions preventing anybody from moving the dead bodies.
Sometimes the delay has nothing to do with disputes.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Customized coffins are popular in Ghana
We take seriously the idea of giving the dead a befitting burial.
We refurbish the house in which the dearly departed lived and died or sometimes a new house has to be built to be able to stage a spectacular funeral.
That takes time.
If you want certain important personalities to be at the funeral, then a suitable date that would accommodate various diaries will have to be negotiated.
And that takes time.
This weekend, I was at the funeral of a famous industrialist and politician, Nana Akenten Appiah-Menka.
His funeral brochure is a 226-page glossy production of photographs and tributes covering his lifetime of 84 years.
That takes time to compile.
Elizabeth Ohene:
Image copyright Elizabeth Ohene
"My mother died at the age of 90 and we buried her after three weeks and this was and is still regarded in our village as sacrilege"
As I have been trying to find answers to the Ghanaian funeral phenomenon this past week, my thoughts went to a programme I presented on the BBC about refrigerators some three years ago.
I now think I should have had a segment in that programme about some of the unintended consequences of the invention of refrigeration, which had otherwise been such a blessing to humanity.
Before mortuaries became popular in this country, we buried our dead within two to three days and then set a date for the final funeral rites.
Now the regular period in which a dead body is kept in the mortuary before being buried ranges from three to six months.
Ten months to a year is not unheard of.
When you try to bury someone within a period that is regarded as "too early", you are certain to invoke outrage.
I know this from sad experience.
My mother died at the age of 90 and we buried her after three weeks and this was and is still regarded in our village as sacrilege and lack of respect to our beloved mother.
I am blaming the Ghanaian funeral madness on refrigeration.
Without fridges, we would not be able to keep bodies for the ludicrously long periods we currently do.
More Letters from Africa
Follow us on Twitter @BBCAfrica, on Facebook at BBC Africa or on Instagram at bbcafrica
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – A Macon woman pleaded guilty Monday for messaging the daycare where she worked that a bomb had been planted there, according to the U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia.
26-year-old Jasmine Bradley faces up to five years in prison and a maximum fine of $250,000 after she pleaded guilty to Conveying of False Information and Perpetuating a Hoax.
- Advertisement -
Police arrested Bradley in April 2017 after they say she used Facebook to message the Child Care Network School on Northside Dr. in Macon. The message said a bomb had been planted at the daycare and that someone would “blow up every little face in that center.”
Police arrested Bradley while she was at work at the Child Care Network School and she admitted to making the threats, as well as threats to other daycares.
Her sentencing will be at a later date.
Osram AG warned investors for a second time this year of a business slowdown at the former Siemens AG lighting division, and said it will begin talks with labor groups to accelerate staffing cutbacks.
The shares fell in extended trading after Osram said late Tuesday that a weaker dollar against the euro has added to the strain on revenue. The Munich-based company, which gets more than 20 percent of its sales in the U.S., was already dealing with a slowdown in automotive sales, while its beleaguered lighting-fixtures unit is under review for a possible sale.
The persistent weakness in those areas is forcing Osram to conduct triage while simultaneously investing in a high-tech semiconductor division that managers see as crucial to the company's future. With comparable sales now forecast to rise at 3 percent to 5 this year, from a previous estimate of up to 7.5 percent, the company said it's initiating discussions with worker groups to accelerate cost-cutting measures.
Osram fell 10 percent on Tradegate. The shares dipped 0.9 percent to 57.92 euros at the close Tuesday in Germany.
Dimmer Outlook Osram cut its fiscal 2018 forecast because a business slowdown and weak dollar hurt revenue Source: Company
— With assistance by Lukas Strobl
Under Armour's Kevin Plank became the second prominent CEO to back out of President Trump's manufacturing council Monday night. He did so with a statement posted to the sports apparel brand's Twitter account.
I love our country & company. I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport. – CEO Kevin Plank pic.twitter.com/8YvndJMjj1 — Under Armour (@UnderArmour) August 15, 2017
The sentiment is noble, but also confusing. For one, there's not a clear explanation of why Plank is stepping down. There is no critique of Trump or the administration, and there is no condemnation of the events in Charlottesville, Va., this weekend — or even a clear connection between those events and this statement.
Consider that Ken Frazier, CEO of pharmaceutical giant Merck, clearly outlined his issues with Trump's lack of action in his own statement, issued Monday morning:
Meanwhile, Plank's decision comes after Trump more directly called out and condemned white supremacy Monday.
That is not to say the Under Armour CEO was not motivated by the same ideals as Frazier, simply that he failed to make that clear. Instead, he offered a generic, mostly meaningless statement about how sports promote equality. That statement has nothing to do with the manufacturing council or its leadership.
But the strangest piece came at the end of the second paragraph: “However, Under Armour engages in innovation and sports, not politics.”
Plank chose to engage in politics when he described Trump as “a real asset,” then again when he took out a full-page ad in The Baltimore Sun to clarify those remarks. He chose to engage in politics when he agreed to join the council, then again when he quit.
Nairobi, Kenya (AP) -- The world's last male northern white rhino, Sudan, has died after "age-related complications," researchers announced Tuesday, saying he "stole the heart of many with his dignity and strength."
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya said the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after his condition "worsened significantly" and he was no longer able to stand. His muscles and bones had degenerated and his skin had extensive wounds, with a deep infection on his back right leg.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction after decades of decimation by poachers, with the help of the two surviving females. One is his daughter, Najin, and the other is her daughter, Fatu.
His death won't have an impact on the efforts to save the subspecies, as the focus turns to in vitro fertilization techniques using stored semen from other dead rhinos and eggs extracted from the two remaining females.
"He was a great ambassador for his species and will be remembered for the work he did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity," said the conservancy's CEO, Richard Vigne.
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of visitors. Last year he was listed as "The Most Eligible Bachelor in the World" on the Tinder dating app in a fundraising effort.
The last male northern white rhino had been born in Sudan, the last of his kind to be born in the wild.
He was taken to a Czech zoo and then transferred to Kenya in 2009 with the three other remaining fertile northern white rhinos at the time. They were placed under 24-hour armed guard and fed a special diet. "However, despite the fact that they were seen mating, there were no successful pregnancies," the conservancy said.
Rangers caring for Sudan described him as gentle and, as his condition worsened in recent weeks, expressed sadness over his imminent death.
The rhino "significantly contributed to survival of his species as he sired two females," the conservancy said. "Additionally, his genetic material was collected yesterday and provides a hope for future attempts at reproduction of northern white rhinos through advanced cellular technologies."
The only hope for preserving the subspecies "now lies in developing in vitro fertilization techniques using eggs from the two remaining females, stored northern white rhino semen from males and surrogate southern white rhino females," the statement said.
Sudan's death "is a cruel symbol of human disregard for nature and it saddened everyone who knew him. But we should not give up," said Jan Stejskal, director of international projects at Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic. "It may sound unbelievable, but thanks to the newly developed techniques even Sudan could still have an offspring."
Northern white rhinos once roamed parts of Chad, Sudan, Uganda, Congo and Central African Republic, and were particularly vulnerable because of the armed conflicts that have swept the region over decades.
Other rhinos, the southern white rhino and another species, the black rhino, are under heavy pressure from poachers who kill them for their horns to supply illegal markets in parts of Asia.
Roughly 20,000 southern white rhinos remain in Africa. Their numbers dipped below 100 around a century ago, but an intense effort initiated by South African conservationist Ian Player in the mid-20th century turned things around.
___
Associated Press writer Christopher Torchia contributed.
___
Follow Africa news at https://twitter.com/AP_Africa
Police in Chicago are looking for a punk who punched a female security guard who tried to help him in a vicious attack that was caught on camera.
Surveillance video outside the residential building in the 600 block of North Franklin Street in Chicago's River North neighborhood shows an unidentified man punching security guard Zoa Stigler, 46, when she asked him if he needed help after he vomited.
Stigler said she called the police and brought out a bucket to clean up the man's vomit before telling him, another man and two women with him to leave. The man then tossed a water bottle at Stigler before punching her in the face, causing fractures in her face and nose that may require surgery, she told WGN-TV.
“When he threw the water, I was shocked, I don't even know what made me walk up to him,” Stigler told the station. “Why would you hit a human being in the face that is trying to assist you, trying to help you?”
Stigler, a single mother of two, was unable to spend Mother's Day with her children and started working part-time at the building about two months ago, according to a GoFundMe page created by the president of the building's condo association.
“She was initially trying to help this thug by checking up on him to make sure he was doing alright as he was lying on the ground by the building,” Khan wrote. “He proceeded to vomit by the building which prompted Zoa to request that he and his 3 friends move away as she needs to clean it up.”
Stigler is such a hard-working and dedicated employee that she even cleaned up the mess left behind by the “thug” before going to the hospital, Khan wrote.
“She may require surgery on her eye to fix the damage and may have to take time off work and school for recovery,” Khan's post concluded. “Let's all help the strong willed, amazing, hard-working and kind ZOA by showing our love by supporting her financially!”
More than $8,700 in donations had been received as of early Tuesday.
Police are interviewing a “person of interest in connection to this case,” a spokesman for the Chicago Police Department told The Post. However, no charges have yet been filed and the investigation is ongoing.
The shocking incident has prompted an outpouring of support for Stigler, including one owner of a condo in the building who said his friend would represent her as an attorney free of charge.
“I hope they arrest him because I do plan on pressing charges for assaulting me, you know, for doing my job,” Stigler told WGN-TV.
Video
A 60-second round-up of the week in the EU, with Brexit, Ryanair and the Catalan independence row on the European Parliament's agenda.
Former servicemen and women will be honoured as part of Veteran's Day this coming Sunday.
The Minister with Responsibility for Defence, Mr Paul Kehoe TD, along with the Chief of Staff of the Defence Forces, Vice Admiral Mark Mellett DSM, will commemorate former members of the Defence Forces and their families at McDermott Square, Curragh Camp on Sunday October 8.
This is the fourth such Veteran's Day to take place, an event that is now held annually and rotates between the various military installations nationwide.
The Defence Forces will especially remember all members who have paid the ultimate sacrifice while serving at home or on overseas service with a ceremonial wreath laying commemoration led by Minister Kehoe and the Veteran Associations.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Academy president under investigation for alleged sexual harassment The Academy received three harassment claims this week about John Bailey.
Everything you need to know about the Oscars The first Academy Awards were held in 1929 in the Blossom Room of Hollywood's Roosevelt Hotel.
Oscar nominees celebrate storied status at luncheon Jordan Peele, Greta Gerwig and Guillermo del Toro are among the expected guests.
Don't forget: Hollywood cheered for Roman Polanski An online petition calling on the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to eject Roman Polanski has gathered tens of thousands of signatures, and rightly so. The Academy rushed...
Wins were few and far between for the North Country boys basketball team last season.
It seemed that for every momentum building quarter or half they would have, the opposition would somehow find a way to fight back and hand the Falcons a loss, sometimes in heartbreaking fashion.
Head coach John Gunn marveled at his team's willingness to keep up the good fight all season long, but heading into this season something has to change.
For the full preview, see the Express on 12-11-17.
The Premier League has been fighting against the new waves of Kodi-enabled pirate IPTV streams for a while now, recently gaining a new temporary injunction to take them down quicker than it could before. Looks like they're getting right on it, and if Saturday was anything to go by, football pirates are going to have a hard time not paying full price for their sport this season.
Torrent Freak is reporting a number of disruptions affecting pirate IPTV streams over the weekend, with screens going black mere minutes after the streams went live. Because people do pay for these streams, which are still cheaper than the legitimate alternatives, they were pretty frustrated and confused by the whole ordeal.
The site is aware of at least three paid-for services that faced disruptions over the weekend, but noted that there are probably many more facing similar problems. One of those three feared that its domain had been placed on a Premier League blacklist and scrambled to sort out a replacement, but it's not clear how effective that will be in the future. The blocks also affected non-football streams, suggesting that it was server IP addresses that were targeted.
The injunction awarded to the Premier League noted that some non-sports content could end up being blocked by the measures, but was deemed of little consequence since it "consists almost exclusively of [infringing] commercial broadcast content such as other sports, films, and television programs."
The actual methods the Premier League are allowed to use in blocking pirate streams weren't made public. Torrent Freak notes that two or three IPTV services were hit by DDoS attacks, which would seem like a strange way of tackling the issue. That said, since a number of high-profile IPTV streams faced zero disruption over the weekend, the site suggests that these attacks could have come from rival channels attempting to pinch some customers. But it does admit that some of the bigger channels will have had measures in place to avoid a complete content blackout, so the simple fact they didn't go offline is not evidence of guilt.
For now the whole thing remains shrouded in mystery, but the message is clear. If you're going to try and access pirated content don't be angry when you find it doesn't work. If you paid for the privilege of watching a black screen, then that's your own damn fault. According to the IPTV suppliers, however, the message that they should invest in a solid VPN and try to avoid any UK-specific blocks. [Torrent Freak]
More Piracy Posts:
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Adobe doubles maternity leave, extends paid time off for new parents Software company Adobe Systems Inc. said on Monday it is doubling the maternity leave it grants, making it the third company in the US technology industry in a week to...
Tech giants settle wage-fixing allegations for a reported $324M Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to pay a total of $324 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in...
Was Steve Jobs a bully? Witnesses at an upcoming trial over no-hire agreements in Silicon Valley should not be allowed to offer evidence that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was “a bully,” four major tech companies...
DC gridlock + weaker profits could spell trouble The shutdown showdown in Washington is coming at a bad time for Wall Street. After consumers constrained their spending last month as fear of a budget battle loomed, corporate America...
BOSTON — Lawmakers reviewing the state's new recreational marijuana law plan to recommend sharply higher taxes and more control for city and town officials over retail pot shops in their communities, according to a copy of a House proposal obtained Tuesday by The Associated Press.
The draft legislation also would make dramatic changes to the Cannabis Control Commission, which will oversee recreational marijuana under the law approved by voters in November, effectively taking control of the commission away from the state treasurer.
The bill was expected to be discussed by the Legislature's Marijuana Policy Committee, which has been considering revisions to the law for several months, during an executive session on Wednesday. A vote in the full House is possible on Thursday.
Under the current law, retail sales of recreational marijuana would be taxed at a maximum rate of 12 percent.
The proposed House bill calls for a 16.75 percent excise tax on recreational pot, which would be assessed on top of the state's regular 6.25 percent sales tax. An additional 5 percent local tax would be charged, adding up to an effective tax rate of 28 percent, more than double what the November ballot question envisioned.
Medical marijuana would continue to be untaxed under the proposal, and a portion of the revenue from recreational sales would go to a state fund to support substance abuse treatment.
The House bill drew immediate condemnation from the group Yes on 4, which sponsored the ballot question, with spokesman Jim Borghesani calling the tax provisions “irrational.”
“The House proposal in no way improves the measure passed by voters,” Borghesani said in a statement. “It weakens it and it insults voters in the process. Its irrational tax increase will give drug dealers the ability to undercut the legal market, and its removal of ban authority from local voters will give a handful of selectmen the ability to overrule the opinion of their own constituents.
The House proposal would allow the governing body of a city or town — such as the city council, board of selectmen or town meeting — to vote to ban pot shops or cultivation facilities from their communities or to limit the number of establishments to fewer than are currently allowed. The voter-approved law requires a referendum vote by the community at a city or town election to ban or restrict pot shops, which are expected to begin opening in mid-2018.
The Massachusetts Municipal Association has argued for giving greater control to local officials, saying the siting of recreational marijuana establishments is similar to other zoning decisions that are typically decided by governing bodies.
Geoff Beckwith, executive director of the association, said the referendum process called for in the current law is “totally unworkable,” in part because of the strict timetable for elections in cities and towns.
The association also has called for higher taxes to be collected on marijuana at the local level.
The ballot question passed with the support of more than 54 percent of Massachusetts voters.
The question called for a three-member Cannabis Control Commission appointed by the state treasurer, but the House proposal would replace that with a more independent five-member commission, with one member appointed by the treasurer, one appointed by the governor, one appointed by the state attorney general and two chosen jointly by those officials.
Democratic state Treasurer Deb Goldberg has argued against taking control away from her office, in part because her staff has already invested hundreds of hours preparing for the task of regulating recreational marijuana.
If approved by the House, the legislation could undergo changes when it reaches the Senate. The Senate chairwoman of the Marijuana Policy Committee, Democrat Patricia Jehlen, of Somerville, has indicated she doesn't support an extensive overhaul of the law.
Seven other states and the District of Columbia have legalized recreational marijuana.
Kevin Durant caught some of the NBA world by surprise when he claimed that Kyrie Irving is a better “skill for skill” player than Allen Iverson.
Durant made those remarks on The Bill Simmons Podcast, and while he didn't necessarily say it as a slight to Iverson, the Hall of Fame guard had a very different opinion about Durant.
The BIG3 tweeted a video of Iverson watching Game 5 of the NBA Finals as the Warriors won the championship. It showed just how happy Iverson was to see Durant win his first title. In fact, Iverson said Durant was the only reason he was rooting for Golden State to win.
You want to know how Allen Iverson feels about Kevin Durant? pic.twitter.com/k2Au5Rdin3 — BIG3 (@thebig3) June 14, 2017
Iverson said:
“I wanted to see Durant win because he ain't never did it. I love his mama. I love everything he stands for. That's the only reason I was going for Golden State. I wanted Durant to feel what I never got the chance to feel. And they deserve it. I wanted Barkley to feel it. I wanted Ewing to feel it. Because LeBron's gonna win some more.”
The comments were obviously made before Durant's Iverson-Kyrie comparison went public, but you have to think it wouldn't change what Iverson said. It's refreshing to see someone who never won a championship genuinely feel happy for players as they win their first ring.
There was no jealousy or bitterness with Iverson, and that was cool to watch.
You can listen to the full podcast with Durant here. His comments came around the 37-minute mark.
If you haven't finished season 2 of The Crown, proceed with caution, light spoilers ahead.
In The Crown, Prince Philip's close relative Lord Mountbatten is portrayed by English actor Greg Wise. Here's the true story of the man who mentored the Duke of Edinburgh.
The Mountbatten connection to the Royal Family
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As with many royal relatives, Louis Mountbatten was related to both Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth. A great-grandson of Queen Victoria, he was both a distant cousin of the Queen's and Prince Philip's uncle. Philip's mother, Princess Alice of Battenberg, was Louis's sister. Philip also lived with the Mountbattens for several years following his mother's institutionalization.
A Complicated Marriage
Lord Louis Mountbatten and his wife Lady Edwina in London, 1941. Getty
In a particularly tender scene in the first episode of season two of The Crown, Elizabeth II speaks candidly with Uncle Dickie about her marital woes. “You married a wild spirit—we both did," he says, referring to his wife Lady Edwina Ashley Mountbatten, whom he married on July 18, 1922. "Trying to tame them is no use."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"Of course I considered ending it," he continues. "Then I imagined how thin, how poor life would be. I realized, when you really adore someone, as fully and as hopelessly as I think you and I do, you put up with anything."
This season of The Crown centers around infidelity—rumors followed many of the couples featured on the show—but in reality Louis and Edwina Mountbatten had a rather unorthodox marriage. Certainly, Edwina could not be tamed, to use the language of the show, but by 1931 the couple had reportedly "cut a deal," according to the Washington Post: "They would stay together with separate beds and, to some extent, separate lives. But they would remain loving, mutually supportive chums. Above all, they would be discreet."
Both Mountbattens had affairs; Louis wasn't just sitting at home sulking. He once reportedly said, "Edwina and I spent all our married lives getting into other people's beds."
The couple did have two daughters together: Patricia Knatchbull, who later became the 2nd Countess Mountbatten of Burma, and Lady Pamela Hicks, mother of designers Ashley Hicks and India Hicks. (Knatchbull passed away earlier this year.)
The Last Viceroy of India
In many ways, Mountbatten represents the beginning of the end of the British Empire. He served as the final Viceroy of India, arriving in New Delhi in March of 1947 with the intention of ending British rule in the country. He was quickly successful. Per his obituary in the New York Times, "Independence for India and Pakistan came on Aug. 15, 1997, only 195 days after Lord Mountbatten's arrival." The transition was less than smooth, but he eventually became India's first Governor General, a position he held until June 1948 when he returned to Great Britain.
Tragic Death
Queen Elizabeth II at Lord Mountbatten's funeral in 1979.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In August of 1979, Lord Mountbatten was killed at age 79 in a terrorist attack by the Irish Republican Army. His fishing boat, named Shadow V, was blown up off the coast of the Republic of Ireland by a bomb that had been smuggled aboard. His teenage grandson Nicky Knatchbull was also killed in the blast, as was Paul Maxwell, a teenage boathand. Another passenger, the Dowager Lady Brabourne, died the next day.
According to the New York Times, a witness described the explosion this way: “The boat was there one minute and the next minute it was like a lot of matchsticks floating on the water.”
The IRA took responsibility for the explosion calling it "an execution" and published a statement promising to continue the "noble struggle to drive the British intruders out of our native land."
Thomas McMahon, a skilled bombmaker for the IRA, was the only person convicted of the murder. He was sentenced to life in prison, but was released in 1998 under a peace deal known as the Good Friday Agreement.
Uncle Dickie's murder rocked the royal family. At the time, a spokesperson for Buckingham Palace shared that Queen Elizabeth was "deeply shocked" by the news. It's likely the events will play out in a future season of The Crown.
Mentorship of Prince Charles
Prince Charles with Lord Mountbatten in July 1979. Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In penultimate episode of The Crown's second season, we see Lord Mountbatten become a mentor to young Prince Charles, a close relationship that continued throughout their lives. At one point, Prince Charles even said, “I admire him almost more than anybody else I know,” and he was often referred to as an "honorary grandfather" to the Queen and Prince Philip's children.
In 2015, Prince Charles made a controversial visit to the spot where Mountbatten was killed. "It's been a long time," he said. “I never thought it would happen.”
He gave a moving speech to mark the occasion. “I could not imagine how we would come to terms with the anguish of such a deep loss since, for me, Lord Mountbatten represented the grandfather I never had," he said.
"We need no longer be victims of our difficult history with each other," he continued, referencing the troubled relationship between Ireland and Great Britain. "Without glossing over the pain of the past, we can, I believe, integrate our history and memory in order to reap their subtle harvest of possibility. Imagination, after all, is the mother of possibility. Let us, then, endeavor to become the subjects of our history and not its prisoners."
Where the ruling against Lexi Thompson at the ANA Inspiration last April appeared to cross the line from unfortunate to unfair wasn't the two-stroke penalty she received for improperly marking her ball on a putting green. Rather, it was the additional two strokes Thompson had to add to her Saturday score because she had failed to account for the original penalty in the first place. If you don't know you broke a rule in the first place, how can you be expected to account for it before signing your scorecard?
USGA and R&A officials have since decided you can't, actually. In announcing its new set of video review protocols, the governing bodies also approved the creation of a Local Rule that will eliminate the added two strokes given to players for failing to include a penalty on the scorecard they are unaware they committed. (Rule 6-6d).
Thomas Pagel, USGA senior director of the Rules of Golf and Amateur Status, says that the Local Rule, which goes into effect Jan. 1, will be adopted by all the major men's and women's professional tours around the world. The USGA and R&A are also encouraging the rule to be adopted for state and regional tournaments and even down to club-level events.
“We stepped back and said, if the player is not aware and the player just got it wrong, lets go back in and add the original penalty,” Pagel said. “But we don't need to add the additional two-stroke penalty.”
RELATED: Major tour to discontinue accepting viewer call-ins for Rules issues
Interestingly, the two-stroke penalty only went into effect in 2016 when USGA and R&A implemented the most recent changes to the Rules of Golf. Prior to that, players would be disqualified if they had signed their scorecards and were later found to have committed a penalty that they had not accounted. In changing the rule to be more lenient, officials acknowledged a DQ was a punishment that didn't fit the crime.
Come 2019, when the modernized Rules of Golf are scheduled to go into effect, the scorecard penalty will be dropped altogether.
RELATED: Golf's Costliest Rules Mistakes
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
0:45
Car rams into crowd at 'Unite the Right' rally in Charlottesville, Va.
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
Remember when Odell Beckham Jr. was a no-show for the Giants OTAs, and some began to speculate whether he would be ready for the 2017 season? Well, he looks in mid-season form.
Another video of the Giants star wide receiver making a one-handed catch was posted to the team's Twitter page on Monday, another incredible grab that has become commonplace.
Beckham was matched up against Giants cornerback Janoris Jenkins in a one-on-one drill when he leapt above the defender and snagged a pass from Eli Manning with only his right hand.
Of course, stabbing a ball out of midair with a hand that doubles as velcro looked easy for Beckham.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department has identified a suspect in a southeast side murder.
According to IMPD, 23-year-old Dion Johnson has been named a suspect in the April 7 murder of 28-year-old Terrance Hill.
On Friday, April 7, officers responded to the 4200 block of Lake Park Boulevard just before 7:30 a.m. Upon arrival at the scene, an adult male, later identified as Hill, was discovered suffering from undisclosed trauma. He was pronounced dead at the scene.
Detectives are asking for the public's help in locating Johnson. However, the public is also asked, that if you see Johnson, do not approach him. Instead, citizens are asked to call 911.
Anyone with information on this case is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at 317-262-8477.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Perdue, a Democrat-turned-Republican who founded a grain and fertilizer business, served on Trump's agricultural advisory committee during his presidential campaign.
The official gave no other details about Trump's choice for agriculture secretary, one of the few remaining posts Trump has to fill as he assumes the White House on Jan. 20.
The appointment must be approved by the Republican-led U.S. Senate.
Perdue, 70, led the southern U.S. state for two terms as governor from 2003 to 2011 after previously representing a rural swath of central Georgia about 100 miles south of Atlanta in the state Senate.
Elected in 2002, he became the state's first Republican since 1871, according to the National Governors Association.
After finishing his second term as governor, Perdue founded Perdue Partners, a global trading firm that consults and provides services for companies looking to export products.
Trump had been meeting with a number of other possible candidates for U.S. agriculture secretary, including Elsa Murano, undersecretary of agriculture for food safety under President George W. Bush, and Chuck Conner, head of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives.
He has also met with Abel Maldonado, former lieutenant governor of California and co-owner of Runway Vineyards; Tim Huelskamp, Republican U.S. representative from Kansas; and Sid Miller, Texas agriculture commissioner.
Too tired to make your own cup of coffee in the morning? Soon, you could outsource it to the help: robots.
New software out of MIT will teach robots to do your least favorite household chores — just like in “The Jetsons.”
Computer scientists from MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) have unveiled “Virtual Home,” a system that demos the robotic “agents” performing such tasks as turning on the TV, using the toaster or placing a pot on the stove.
Robots, it turns out, require more detailed instructions than humans would. For example, instead of “Get me a glass of water, please,” you'd ask a robot to stand up, walk toward the cabinet, pick up a glass, close the cabinet, turn on the faucet, hold the cup under the stream of water and walk the full cup over to the thirsty human in question.
To that end, the research team collected verbal descriptions of a series of tasks, which were then translated into special simulation videos — which the robots, fascinatingly, were able to watch and learn from.
“This line of work could facilitate true robotic personal assistants in the future,” Qiao Wang, a research assistant in arts, media and engineering at Arizona State University, says in a press release.
Next, Wang's team hopes to train the robots using regular videos instead of what scientists call “Sims-style simulations,” which would allow robots to learn tasks from YouTube videos.
But for now, we still have to make our own beds.
Find out everything you need to know about the film starring Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas-Howard
The fifth instalment of Steven Spielberg's Jurassic Park series is set to hit cinemas this June, with Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas-Howard in the lead roles. Find out everything you need to know about the new film below.
Advertisement
When is Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom released in UK cinemas?
The film will be released on Wednesday 6th June 2018.
Is there a trailer?
Yes. Check it out below.
Who is in the cast?
Chris Pratt will reprise his role as navy veteran and former dinosaur trainer Owen Grady from 2015's Jurassic World, alongside Bryce Dallas-Howard's Claire Dearing, the former operations manager for the Jurassic World theme park, who now works as a dinosaur-rights activist.
The big casting news, however, is that Jeff Goldblum, who starred as Ian Malcolm in the original Jurassic Park and its sequel The Lost World: Jurassic Park, will return to the franchise after a 20-year absence.
Toby Jones and Rafe Spall are set to make their first appearance in the dinosaur-centric franchise, while BD Wong as Dr Henry Wu.
What is going to happen?
While Grady and Dearing were successful in their attempt to free the dinosaurs from their amusement park-themed prison in Jurassic World (2015), all is not well in the dino kingdom.
The creatures very existence on the island – where they have been roaming freely for 3 years – is now threatened by an impending volcanic eruption, meaning the island will need to be evacuated if they are to survive. Enter Dearing, who has set up an organisation called the Dinosaur Protection Group to save the animals and bring them to a sanctuary in the USA.
Advertisement
However, it is soon revealed that there is a grander scheme in the works in which the dinosaurs are set to be auctioned off one-by-one at the estate, and the escape of an intelligent dino-hybrid called the Indoraptor leads to mayhem across the land.
The mummified body of Reza Shah is reported to have been found. If true, this is of tremendous symbolic importance in light of the Islamic Republic's deepening instability and the growing popularity of Iran's pre-revolutionary monarchy. https://t.co/v4E2UPyadW — Alireza Nader (@AlirezaNader) April 23, 2018
By JON GAMBRELL | The Associated Press
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Construction workers in Iran may have unearthed the mummified remains of Reza Shah Pahlavi, the father of the country's last monarch, nearly four decades after the Islamic Revolution toppled the dynasty.
The recent find of the gauze-wrapped body has triggered intense speculation and revived discussion of Iran's dynastic past, which the clerically-run government has spent decades trying to suppress. A mob demolished Reza Shah's tomb shortly after the 1979 revolution, and the family lives in exile.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
The monarchy's widespread abuses did much to fuel the revolution, but its mystique persists as Iran grapples with economic woes and calls for reform ahead of the 40th anniversary of the uprising.
Reza Shah's grandson, the U.S.-based exiled Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi, has tweeted that he believes the remains to be those of his grandfather even as Iran waits for forensic experts to determine whose body they found.
Workers discovered the mummified remains while on a project at the Shiite shrine of Abdul Azim, whose minarets rise behind the site where Reza Shah's mausoleum once stood. A digger pulling away dirt and debris uncovered the body, according to the semi-official ISNA news agency.
Pictures of the body, as well as one man posing with it, quickly ricocheted across social media in Iran.
A spokesman for the shrine dismissed the idea of a mummy being found there. However, Hassan Khalilabadi, the head of Tehran City Council's cultural heritage and tourism committee, was quoted by the state-run IRNA news agency on Monday as saying it's “possible” the mummy is the body of Reza Shah.
Authorities say they'll need to conduct DNA tests to confirm whose body it is.
State television has yet to report on the find, likely due to restrictions on discussing the Pahlavis.
State media typically refer to the Persian dynasties, including the Pahlavis, as “despotic,” focusing on the abuses of the monarchs' feared SAVAK intelligence agency and their lavish lifestyles.
Reza Shah's own rise gave birth to modern Iran, which was still called Persia until he ordered foreign diplomats to cease using the name. He came to power in 1925, ruling as an absolute autocrat who used taxes and the country's burgeoning oil revenues to rapidly modernize the nation.
His decisions echo today, particularly his 1936 decree banning women from wearing long, flowing black robes known as chadors. He ordered men to wear Western clothes and bring their wives to public functions with their hair uncovered, borrowing from the secularization of the Turkish leader Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, a contemporary.
The ban became a source of humiliation for some pious Muslim women. Shiite clerics, angry over his secular beliefs, purges and mass arrests of opponents, held grudges that would foment the coming revolution.
Controversies over the chador and hijab persist in Iran today .
Iran's strong trade ties with Germany, Reza Shah's push for neutrality in World War II and Western fears over its oil supplies falling to the Nazis ultimately sparked a Russian-British invasion of the country in 1941. Reza Shah abdicated in favor of his son, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, at the insistence of the occupying British forces.
Reza Shah died in South Africa in 1944. His body was taken to Cairo, mummified and remained there for years before being brought to Iran. It was placed in a grand mausoleum near Tehran, which then-President Richard Nixon visited in 1972.
After 1979, however, Islamists viewed the mausoleum as an affront.
Iranian cleric Ayatollah Sadegh Khalkhali, who ordered the executions of hundreds after the revolution, led a mob of supporters who used sledgehammers, jackhammers and other tools to demolish the mausoleum.
Related Articles What guests can expect at the White House state dinner
Berlin protesters have message for Amazon CEO Bezos
More questions arise about pro-Saudi tabloid
Arrests pending after Canadian is lynched in Peru
Alfie Evans taken off life support over parents' objections Khalkhali later would write in his memoirs that he believed the shah's family took Reza Shah's body when they fled the country. The shah's family, however, maintained the body remained in Iran. His son Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was buried in Cairo after dying of cancer in 1980.
Today, Iran's youth remain fascinated by the time before the revolution. Television period pieces have focused on the Pahlavi dynasty, including the recent state TV series “The Enigma of the Shah,” the most expensive series ever produced to air in the country. While incorporating romances or mobsters into the tales, all shows uniformly criticize the royal court.
Reza Shah's grandson, Reza Pahlavi, has seen his profile rise following the election of President Donald Trump, who appears to hold the future of the Iran nuclear deal in the balance. From exile, the crown prince has agitated for an end to Iran's theocracy. Gauging national sentiment about restoring the monarchy remains impossible.
Pahlavi took to Twitter on Tuesday to say he believed the remains were his grandfather's, asking Iranians to offer condolences online and take part in peaceful demonstrations. He earlier warned Iran's current government “not to hide anything.”
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:29 UNC student mocks Duke's Grayson Allen in trippy parody video
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
U.K. stocks rose on Tuesday as an advance in oil shares pushed the blue-chips index to a sixth consecutive advance and helped it outperform the broader European equity market.
A rally for Shire shares after a fifth takeover proposal from Takeda also helped lift U.K. stocks.
How markets are performing
The FTSE 100 index UKX, +0.36% rose 0.4% to end at 7,425.40, closing above the 7,400 level for the first time since early February.
The pound GBPUSD, +0.2941% bought $1.3970, recovering from an intraday low of $1.3918, and rising from $1.3939 late Monday in New York.
Read: Stock investors are freaking out about bonds ending a bull run—but should they be?
Also: Here's why the pound got whipped this week—and why it may bounce back to $1.44
What's driving the market
Oil companies were among the best performers, riding on the back of higher oil prices. The moves came as Brent crude prices LCOM8, +0.03% traded above $75 a barrel, the highest since 2014, as tensions between Saudi Arabia and Yemen heated up. Also, speculation that U.S. sanctions on Iran will be put back in place in May helped push up Brent and oil prices CLM8, -0.17%
The rally for oil stocks also helped offset weakness from news that U.S. 10-year yields TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.09% jumped to the psychologically important 3%. Higher yields typically weigh on stocks as bonds start to offer better returns than equities and push up borrowing costs for companies.
The moves in the U.S. knocked European stocks lower, with the Stoxx European 600 index SXXP, -0.02% ending down 0.02% after trading at a more than two-months high earlier in the session.
What are strategists saying?
“It is this move higher in crude oil prices, along with the rise in demand, that is helping fuel the recent rise in yields as well as the positive tone for equity markets, however if it continues too far we could start to see it act as a drag on equity markets, if prices along with yields start to move even higher,” said Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets, in a note.
Share movers
Shire PLC shares SHP, +3.42% SHPG, +2.35% jumped 3.4% after Japanese drugmaker Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. 4502, -1.46% made a fifth takeover proposal for its U.K. rival. None of the companies disclosed the financial terms of the proposal, but the value of the rare-drug specialist is expected to be abpt more than $60 billion.
Shares of oil producers BP PLC BP., +2.30% BP, +1.57% tacked on 2.3% and Royal Dutch Shell PLC RDSB, +1.24% RDS.B, +0.50% rose 1.2% as oil prices moved up.
London Stock Exchange Group PLC shares LSE, +2.02% rose 2% as the exchange operator said first-quarter gross profit rose 13% after generating double-digit income growth for all its core business units.
William Hill PLC shares WMH, -12.70% tumbled 13% on the midcap FTSE 250 WMH, -12.70% after a report by The Times newspaper that the U.K. government is set to reduce the maximum bet to £2 for fixed odds betting terminals.
For more years than anyone can remember, an old Army tank has been on display at Veterans Memorial Park in Mount Airy — a study in basic gray and greenish-brown, a silent sentinel symbolically guarding the grounds.
While the armored vehicle represents America's military might, the tank itself has come under attack in recent days — not from heavy artillery or air strikes, but in the form of vandalism with spray paint as the weapon of choice.
The desecration of the tank with illegible words and symbols using white and blue paint has left members of a military group based at Veterans Memorial Park shell-shocked.
“I've been here eight years and I've never seen this done,” local Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 2019 Commander David Raborn said last week while surveying the graffiti-laden tank parked near the front entrance to the park on West Lebanon Street.
The vandalism discovered in recent days is not an isolated incident, but is one of at least seven that have occurred in Mount Airy since late November. Among other high-visibility locations targeted are Blackmon Amphitheatre, Mayberry Mall and the Emily B. Taylor Greenway.
So far police haven't identified who is responsible.
“We have not made any arrests on the graffiti (incidents),” Capt. Alan Freeman of the Mount Airy Police Department said last week.
“We're still working it,” Freeman added, “We're going to have to catch the individuals in the act or catch them on cameras doing the graffiti.”
Freeman believes the same party is responsible for all the recent acts, due to the use of similar wording or symbols at the different locations, but doesn't believe gang activity is involved.
An act of dishonor
Raborn, 69, a retired member of the U.S. Air Force who is originally from Alabama, said the spray-painting of the Army tank is particularly troubling compared to the other incidents.
“It bothers me (because) this place is called Veterans Memorial Park,” he said, stressing that the word “memorial” refers to deceased military personnel, including those who made the supreme sacrifice in service to their country.
“It's not the people who are here now — it's the people who have passed,” he said of the name's focus on veterans lost rather than their present-day counterparts. “It is to honor the guys that have gone before.”
And the damage to the tank is a slap in the face to those personnel, Raborn believes.
“It's the desecration of our veterans that have paid,” the VFW commander said of the cost of preserving liberty and democracy and what irks him most about the incident.
“A lot of people have died for the freedoms we take for granted.”
Raborn also bristles at the disrespect shown for Veterans Memorial Park itself, which hosts a number of activities including an annual fiddlers convention and county fair.
“It's for our community.”
Stepping up security
The tank at Veterans Memorial Park is an M47 Patton model, named after World War II tank commander Gen. George Patton.
Those tanks were produced in the post-war era, about 8,600 altogether. The M47 was the only Patton-series tank that never saw combat while in U.S. service although it was widely used by Cold War allies including NATO countries.
As such equipment was decommissioned over the years, local organizations such as the VFW in Mount Airy have requested it to be put on display.
“The commander has to sign for it (the tank) every year,” Raborn said of himself or others holding that role.
A date for when the tank arrived here was unavailable.
Another question mark surrounds how the graffiti damage to the vehicle will be mitigated.
“I don't know how much it's going to cost us to clean it or paint it,” Raborn said of the veterans group. “I'm going to try cleaning it first.”
He is certain of one thing regarding the fallout from the vandalism: “We're going to step up our security.”
This will include installing a 6-foot fence around the Army tank, thanks to donations of materials and labor by Easter Fencing.
“It's a shame we have to do it,” Raborn said of preventing hands-on access to the display. “It may deter someone.”
In addition to other information being pursued in the ongoing investigation, police officials are hoping someone will come forward with details about the recent graffiti incidents by calling Mount Airy Crimestoppers at 336-786-4000.
Crimestoppers offers rewards for information leading to arrests and convictions in crimes, which can be submitted anonymously.
Commander David Raborn of the local Veterans of Foreign Wars stands by the old Army tank at Veterans Memorial Park in Mount Airy — a familiar sight marred by graffiti. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/web1_Tank-this-1.jpg Commander David Raborn of the local Veterans of Foreign Wars stands by the old Army tank at Veterans Memorial Park in Mount Airy — a familiar sight marred by graffiti. An illegible message written in blue is shown above the caterpillar tracks of the tank. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/web1_Tank-this-2.jpg An illegible message written in blue is shown above the caterpillar tracks of the tank. This strange symbol also is among the graffiti left behind. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/web1_Tank-this-3.jpg This strange symbol also is among the graffiti left behind.
By Tom Joyce tjoyce@civitasmedia.com
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
Tom Joyce may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
In this Oct. 5, 2001 file photo, lobster trays sit ready to be served at the Port Of Los Angeles Lobster Festival in San Pedro, Calif.
If rising temperatures have you dreaming about that first lobster roll of the season, be prepared to get sticker shocked.
The price of lobster has surged over the past few months as Maine, the state the dominates the U.S. lobster haul, saw the catch fall due to a long winter and chilly spring while global demand remains on the rise, according to The Boston Globe. Cold weather in Canada is keeping its fisheries iced over, adding to the shortage.
Hard-shell lobster prices have shot up to about $15 a pound, nearly double from last year's $8 a pound. And restaurants looking to buy pre-shucked lobster meat for their rolls can expect to shell out about $40 a pound.
The Globe surveyed seafood prices in restaurants around Boston and found the cost of many lobster dishes to be "off the charts," the paper reports. A lobster roll at Chef Chris Coombs' restaurant Deuxave will set you back $49, instead of the usual $22. And another area restaurateur told the Globe that it currently costs $47 to prepare his lobster rolls, but has kept the menu price at $29.
Rare Yellow Lobster Makes Debut at New England Aquarium
The New England Aquarium added a rare yellow lobster to its collection of uniquely colored lobsters. The odds of a yellow lobster in the wild are estimated at one in 30 million. (Published Friday, Sept. 8, 2017)
Meanwhile, some restaurants have taken lobster off their menus altogether while others have resorted to asking employees to shuck lobsters in-house to help cut costs, according to the Globe.
But lobster lovers on a budget won't have to wait until next season to buy their favorite crustacean dish at an affordable price. Once temperatures rise and fisheries open up, prices are expected to come back down.
Two men -- one of whom was carrying a baby -- stopped a knife-weilding attacker on a busy street corner in midtown Manhattan on Friday afternoon. Michael George reports. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
Two men -- one of whom was carrying a baby -- stopped a knife-weilding attacker on a busy street corner in midtown Manhattan on Friday afternoon.
The two friends, Edward and Menderes, told News 4 they had no idea why the knife-wielding man set on them outside a Chase bank branch at East 60th Street and Lexington Avenue about 5 p.m. But the two quickly jumped into action to protect themselves -- and the child they were carrying.
"He pulled a knife, tried to stab us and we stopped him and put him on the floor," said Edward.
He added, "I have a 17-month-old son, I tried to protect him."
The pair held the man down and called for police, who arrived on scene just a few seconds later.
Menderes had a minor cut, but no one else was injured in the ordeal.
It's not clear what spurred the incident, but police said they're investigating the exchange as a possible dispute turned violent. But Edward and Menderes said they did nothing wrong.
The suspect, who hasn't been identified, is facing criminal charges.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:38 We'll be there
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Richard Thaler Says Round Numbers on Yields Means Nothing
Nobel Prize winning economist Richard Thaler and Bloomberg View columnist Barry Ritholtz, discuss the markets and the NFL draft. They speak with Bloomberg's Vonnie Quinn on "Bloomberg Markets." (Ritholtz is a Bloomberg View columnist. The opinions expressed are his own.) (Source: Bloomberg)
Sigh. It seems like every week Tyrese gets on social media and puts his foot in his mouth, while making a fool of himself at the same time. Impulse control is clearly one of his issues and lately he can't seem to control himself when it comes to attacking Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson.
Fast & Furious co-stars Tyrese and Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson have had their issues in the past, however as The Rock has attempted to repair the rift numerous times, Tyrese just can't (or won't) let it go. Social media ranting should be listed on Tyrese's resume at this point because he has turned it into a full-time job.
Whether it's calling out his co-stars, his ex-wife, black women or former group members, Tyrese spends a large amount of time calling others out, especially for someone who is supposed to be so busy. His latest attack on The Rock comes on the heels that a 9thinstallment of Fast & Furious has been greenlit for a 2020 release. Instead of celebrating the arrival of the new film, Tyrese took to his Instagram to shade The Rock…making himself look incredibly petty in the process.
You can take a look at Tyrese's IG posts BELOW:
Earlier this week it was reported that The Rock tried to reach out to Tyrese privately, but was shut down by him because he emailed instead of called and Tyrese once again took to IG to let everyone know about it. At this point, someone from his PR team needs to step in and either heavily monitor his social media or shut it down for a while because it's getting increasingly out of hand. With every social media rant, he's damaging what's left of his brand and image.
Check out today's Top Stories here:
Cam Newton Ripped For Sexist Remarks To Female Sports Reporter
Keri Hilson Shows Off Her Natural Hair In Stripped Down Photo Shoot
SOURCE: HelloBeautiful.com
Article Courtesy of HelloBeautiful
First Picture Courtesy of Bennett Raglin, Getty Images, and HelloBeautiful
Second Picture Courtesy of Instagram and HelloBeautiful
Police have issued an appeal after the disappearance of two local girls.
Grace Elizabeth McKinney (8) and Kara McKinney (5) are thought to be travelling with their father Michael McKinney, his girlfriend Martina and Woody (3).
Grace and Kara were last known to be in the Aylth area and have previously been known to camp with their father in the West coast area, Fort William and Skye.
They are travelling in a cream coloured Eldis Autoquest Motorhome H36 PBO.
Grace is described as 4'10” slim with red/auburn hair and Kara is 4'0” with red/auburn hair.
A police statement said: “Officers are eager to trace Grace and Kara in order to confirm their well being.
“If you have any information which may assist Police in tracing Grace and Kara please contact Police Scotland on 101 and quote incident number 3165 11/08/17 or approach any police Scotland Officer.”
The Hillsboro Police Department has released the following information:
March 16
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Desiree Nicole Childs, 22, of Blanchester, bench warrant for failure to appear.
Tyler A. Grisham, 20, of Hillsboro, citation for a dog at large.
Angel Marie Valentine, 40, of Hillsboro, bench warrant for failure to appear.
REYNOLDS, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – “The Sweetest Spot in Georgia” is ready to host its 19th annual Georgia Strawberry Festival!
Taylor County Chamber of Commerce Director, Amanda Haynie, came on 41Today to talk about all the fun things families can enjoy on Friday and Saturday.
One exciting new addition this year is a Georgia State Patrol that will fly in and that kids can explore.
Like previous years, there will be some great gospel music, entertainment and food. Plus, admission is free!
The Georgia Strawberry Festival is April 21 and 22 at the intersection of GA 96 and GA 129 in Reynolds.
For more information, and for a full list of scheduled events, visit http://www.ga-strawberry.org/scheduled-events.html.
In what could be an important milestone for future farmers on Mars, two healthy baby worms were recently born in simulated Martian soil. The births took place in an experiment that is helping scientists understand how human settlers might one day grow crops on the Red Planet.
Wieger Wamelink, a biologist at Wageningen University and Research Centre in the Netherlands, is running plant growth experiments in a mixture of NASA-made Martian soil simulants — made from volcanic terrestrial rocks — and pig manure, to which he added live adult worms. University officials said in a statement that the infant worms are the first offspring of adult worms to be born in a Mars soil simulant.
An experiment that resulted in various flowering plants, especially in a Mars soil simulant. The pots were put in water to keep the soil containing the earthworms cool. Wieger Wamelink
Mars is not a naturally habitable environment for life as we know it, so if humans want to live there long term, Red Planet settlers will have to establish closed ecosystem models. (These are essentially large terrariums where factors like temperature and atmospheric moisture can be controlled.) According to the statement, those ecosystems will ideally utilize available waste materials, including human excrement and dead organic matter. That's where the worms come in.
Worms begin the breakdown of organic matter, which is continued by bacteria. That leads to the release into the soil of such vital plant nutrients as nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium, according to the statement from Wageningen University and Research.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
0:51 Fans line up waiting for Twenty One Pilots
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
0:57 Protesters target Mayor Brand's refusal to designate Fresno a sanctuary city
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
The Warriors beat the Sacramento Kings on Friday, 119-104. But the win was much tougher to come by than it should've been against a team that has the second-worst record in the Western Conference. The Warriors were very sloppy but, hey, a win is a win. Here's how it all went down.
KEY MOMENT
With 7 minutes and 55 seconds left and the Warriors up by one point, 89-88, Steve Kerr called a timeout. Whatever he said to his team worked. The Warriors then went on an 8-0 run to take a 97-88 lead with 6 minutes and 14 seconds remaining.
STOCK UP
Kevin Durant – He finished with 33 points on 12-for-17 shooting, including going six-for-seven from beyond the 3-point line. Durant had a stretch in the fourth quarter when he scored 10 points in a row for the Warriors, including back-to-back 3-pointers.
Kevin Durant on trying to fight through the grind pic.twitter.com/F79YaMOrRS — Mark Medina (@MarkG_Medina) February 3, 2018
Klay Thompson – He had 20 points on eight-for-12 shooting, including making four of his eight 3-point attempts.
Klay Thompson on the Warriors sloppiness pic.twitter.com/TAjRGuemvN — Mark Medina (@MarkG_Medina) February 3, 2018
Zaza Pachulia – He had a game-high 13 rebounds. He also contributed eight points on four-for-six shooting.
Nick Young – He had 12 points on four-for-six shooting from beyond the arc in just 15 minutes of play.
STOCK DOWN
Steph Curry – This just wasn't his night. He had a team-high six turnovers and shot seven-for-17 from the field, and three-for-10 from beyond the 3-point line.
Stephen Curry on fighting through before All-Star break pic.twitter.com/scDiAjHkPb — Mark Medina (@MarkG_Medina) February 3, 2018
NUMBERS OF NOTE
25: That's the number of turnovers the Warriors had. They were only one turnover shy of matching their season-worst 26 turnovers in a game against Detroit on Oct. 29. The Warriors had as many turnovers as assists (25).
6: Durant's six 3-pointers matched his season-high from that range.
11: That's how many games the Warriors have won following losses this season. That means the Warriors (41-11) are 11-0 following a loss.
QUOTE OF THE NIGHT
Steve Kerr was not happy with his team's performance, especially since it followed a 30-point loss to the Utah Jazz on Tuesday. “When's the All-Star break?” Kerr asked, before a reporter told him it was in two weeks. “Dang. I was hoping you'd say tomorrow.”
Steve Kerr critical of himself on not being able to regroup guys and handling rotation pic.twitter.com/lZWdknKpaA — Mark Medina (@MarkG_Medina) February 3, 2018
REPLAY OF THE GAME
With 6 minutes and 15 seconds left, Nick Young hit a big 3-pointer to give the Warriors a 97-88 advantage. The Warriors signed Young to make key shots, and on Friday he was a bright spot in an otherwise very mediocre performance.
UP NEXT
The Warriors play the Denver Nuggets on Saturday in the second leg of a back-to-back.
Like our Warriors Facebook page for more Warriors news, commentary and conversation.
Clouds and wind move through the Atlanta area, Monday, March 19, 2018. More than 29 million people, including millions in Atlanta, face a threat of severe storms that could bring large, damaging winds and strong tornadoes to the southeastern United States, forecasters said. Alex Sanz AP Photo
SALINE COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect on burglary charges.
Just after 3a.m. Thursday, the desk clerk at the Country Inn and Suites, 2760 South 9th in Salina received a call from someone claiming to have passed by on the interstate and saw a person with a flashlight out by the hotel's shed, according to Salina Police Captain Paul Forrester.
The desk clerk told police he had to take out the trash anyway, so he left the desk for a minute to investigate.
While walking back to the desk, the clerk said he saw a white passenger car speed off and he knew instantly that the phone report was a distraction. While the clerk was outside a suspect stole $360 from the cash register.
Capt. Forrester said that an officer in the area saw a white Honda Accord near the Casey's on the corner of Ninth and Magnolia. The officer determined that the driver did not have a valid license and made a traffic stop.
The officer found evidence of the burglary during the stop. Police recovered around $320, saying that Tanner Ireland purchased snacks and gas before authorities arrived.
A hotel supervisor informed police that Ireland was fired from the hotel a few weeks prior to the incident. Police booked him for one count of aggravated burglary and theft.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began because of a lengthy pattern of sexual misconduct is running for office again.
Don Shooter, a Republican expelled from the Arizona House in February, said he filed around 900 signatures Wednesday to seek the GOP nomination for a state Senate seat in the same southern Arizona district he used to serve.
He wouldn't comment on the circumstances surrounding his expulsion, which came as lawmakers of both parties faced a national reckoning over sexual misconduct that began last fall.
Politicians accused of impropriety have resigned, been stripped of leadership posts and faced other repercussions. A Democratic state representative in Colorado also was expelled this year.
Sitting in the lobby of the Arizona secretary of state's office waiting to file his signatures, Shooter said "Let's dance."
He said he wants to talk about policy issues, such as the water needs of the agricultural industry and public education. Arizona teachers launched an unprecedented statewide strike this year over a lack of education funding.
"That's the only thing I miss about being away from here, was the ability to solve problems," Shooter said.
Shooter was elected to the Senate in 2010 and moved to the House in 2017. The lawmaker was known as a politically incorrect jokester who threw booze-fueled parties in his office on the last day of legislative sessions.
A female lawmaker, Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita, accused him in November of propositioning her for sex and repeatedly commenting on her breasts. House Speaker J.D. Mesnard ordered an investigation after Shooter accused Ugenti-Rita of having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer, but she was cleared.
Other women soon came forward to accuse Shooter of inappropriate sexual comments or actions.
Shooter eventually apologized for what he called his "jarring, insensitive and demeaning" comments but argued that he never sought to touch anyone or have a sexual relationship with them.
An investigative report released prior to his expulsion found he engaged in "repeated pervasive conduct (that) created a hostile work environment for his colleagues and those with business before the Legislature."
Shooter filed a $1.3 million claim, a precursor to a lawsuit, in April alleging that the governor's office targeted him because he tried to expose widespread fraud in the state procurement system. It also accused Mesnard of changing House rules on harassment to remove Shooter from his committee chairmanship and ultimately to force the expulsion vote.
To get on the November ballot, Shooter will have to win the GOP primary. Incumbent state Sen. Sine Kerr, a dairy farmer who was appointed to fill the seat, has filed signatures along with Brent Backus, a conservative who owns a consulting business.
Democrat Michelle Harris, who served in the Air Force for 21 years, also is running for the seat.
___
Associated Press writer Bob Christie contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FORT WORTH, Texas — A capital murder charge has been dismissed against a North Texas man in the death of his 2-year-old daughter, after prosecutors learned her then-5-year-old brother said he caused her death.
Anthony Michael Sanders was accused of smothering his daughter, Ellie Mae, at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015. Investigators believed Sanders held his hand over her mouth out of anger for her interrupting his computer games.
Jailed since April 2016, Sanders denied responsibility. He said he found his daughter not breathing after his son reported she wouldn't wake up.
The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports prosecutors recently learned the boy told his mother he was responsible. Investigators say the boy cried as he told them he accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto his sister's face while they played and it was too heavy for him to move.
Peach Is The New App Your Butt's Been Waiting For Peach is the hottest new app to hit the market. It's a mixture of all things social media, and it's supposedly a messaging system, but the big message that everyone seems...
Fall Asleep To Majestic Ocean Sounds With The Rain, Rain App It is the year 2015, and we are all staring at screens all the time. We might as well enjoy all the cool apps we can use while we witness...
'Chasing Life's' Haley Ramm Is Addicted To Instagram In the latest edition of App-dicted, Haley Ramm from ABC Family's “Chasing Life” sits down to tell us all about her addiction to Instagram. How else would she document all...
Slydial Is The Perfect App For People Who Hate Talking To People If you're anything like Yassir Lester, there are a lot of people you need to call but don't actually want to have a conversation with. That's where Slydial comes in. In...
If you're a coffee snob you need this app The world is about to get to know comedian Tom Shillue a lot better as he debuts tonight as host of Red Eye with Tom Shillue. But one thing to...
My Fitness Pal Is The Frenemy That's Always With You My Fitness Pal is an amazing fitness app that gives you the opportunity to lie on a regular basis. But just like every good frenemy, it knows and it's silently judging...
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a late-night accident in Tempe, Ariz.
The accident is believed to be the first pedestrian fatality involving the burgeoning technology of autonomous vehicles.
The automobile was in autonomous mode when it struck a woman who was crossing the street late Sunday night, Tempe police said.
The pedestrian, identified by police as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, was rushed to a hospital, where she died of her injuries.
Police said an operator was in the driver's seat at the time of the collision, but the vehicle was in autonomous mode. Police also said the pedestrian was walking outside of the crosswalk when she was struck.
Hours after the crash, Uber announced the suspension of all tests of its autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh, Phoenix, San Francisco and Toronto.
"Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted. "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
A Twitter account for Uber's communications department said the ride sharing company is cooperating with Tempe Police.
Self-driving cars have been hailed by technology companies as the wave of the future. Autonomous cars are already being tested in more than 30 cities around the world, with companies plowing more than $80 billion into research and development.
Self-driving cars work by using complex radar systems to observe the road, objects and other cars. That data is then fed into a computer that decides what the car should do next. Proponents of the technology have claimed that self-driving cars will make transportation safer.
Self-driving cars have been involved in accidents before, including in Tempe. Uber suspended its testing in March 2017 after one of its autonomous cars was involved in an accident.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Supporters of a Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruling that would lead to new congressional maps — likely to the benefit of Democrats — for the 2018 elections urged the US Supreme Court on Friday to stay out of the state court matter.
Republican lawmakers and some Republican voters have asked the US Supreme Court to take the unusual step of putting the state high court's order on hold, and Justice Samuel Alito asked parties in the case to respond to the stay request by Friday afternoon.
"Pennsylvania's Supreme Court has held that the 2011 map 'clearly, plainly and palpably' violates Pennsylvania's Constitution," lawyers for the League of Women Voters wrote in opposing the stay request on Friday. "It would be unprecedented for this Court to interfere with the state court's determination about its own state's law."
On Jan. 22, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court issued a brief ruling that the congressional map violated the state's constitution in a case brought by the League and others arguing that it was an unconstitutional "partisan" gerrymander. Under the map, only five of the state's 18 congressional districts are represented by Democrats — despite the fact that registered Democrats outnumber Republicans in the swing state. That ruling was 5-2.
One of the justices in the majority, however, would have delayed the implementation of the ruling due to the closely approaching time for candidates to file to run for Congress in the state and potential confusion that could result. On a later 4-3 vote, reflecting that view, the state court denied a request to stay its ruling.
Republican lawmakers, however, also asked the US Supreme Court to put the ruling on hold, arguing that the ruling violates a federal constitutional provision known as the Elections Clause. As they detailed in their request, "The Constitution's Elections Clause provides that '[t]he Times, Places and Manner' of congressional elections 'shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof' unless 'Congress' should 'make or alter such Regulations.'"
Normally, a state supreme court's ruling on state constitutional issues cannot be reviewed by the US Supreme Court. The Republican lawmakers — who are supported in their request by Republican voters in Pennsylvania and eight states and legislative leaders in a ninth state — argued that US Supreme Court can and should step in because, they claimed, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions went too far in light of the Elections Clause.
"This is not simply a question of a state supreme court interpreting its state constitution," the Republican lawmakers argued, "but a state supreme court usurping that state's legislature's authority expressly granted under [the Elections Clause." Specifically, the Republican lawmakers argued that the state high court justices were "legislat[ing] from the bench" in the ruling, that doing so violates the Elections Clause, and that "the question of what does and does not constitute a 'legislative function' under the Elections Clause is a question of federal, not state, law."
The lawmakers also relied heavily on a 2004 opinion from Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas disagreeing with the court's decision not to hear a case challenging a state court's ruling on a redistricting question. Referring to the three-justice dissent, the Pennsylvania lawmakers' lawyers wrote that "multiple Justices of this Court have previously suggested [this issue] is ripe and appropriate for resolution in this Court."
In Friday's responses, state executive branch officials urged the US Supreme Court to deny the stay request.
"[T]he Pennsylvania Supreme Court determined that partisan gerrymandering violates the state constitution, and ordered an appropriate remedy," lawyers for Democratic Gov. Thomas Wolf and other officials wrote. "That should be the end of this matter: This Court is not and should not be in the business of policing the correctness of state courts' interpretation of their own constitutions."
Even if the issue could be reviewed by the US Supreme Court, the Democratic executive branch officials argue that the Republican lawmakers' claim that the state high court improperly took on a legislative role is wrong. "The order below represents an ordinary exercise of the judicial review power, not a usurpation of legislative authority," they wrote.
The League of Women Voters' opposition to the stay request went further, arguing that the Republican lawmakers' would "have no chance of success on the merits" if the US Supreme Court were to hear the case.
"Their stay applications are just a ploy to preserve a congressional map that violates Pennsylvania's Constitution for one more election cycle," the League's lawyers argued.
OAKLAND – Kendall Graveman, the only A's starter not to land on the disabled list last year, is there now.
Related Articles A's-Astros Sunday game postponed
Marcus Semien placed on 10-day disabled list; Chad Pinder recalled
A's bullpen falters in 10-6 loss to Houston Astros
A's call up Jaff Decker from Triple-A; Marcus Semien out with wrist injury
Photos: MLB celebrates 70th anniversary of Jackie Robinson's breaking of color barrier The's announced Monday opening day starter Graveman was heading to the 10-day disabled list with a strained right shoulder. Graveman, 2-0 with a 2.00 ERA, came out of his last start Friday after five innings, although at the time he and the A's both believed he would not miss his next start.
Catcher Bruce Maxwell, who was up with the A's off and on in 2016, was brought up from Triple-A Nashville to take Graveman's roster spot, giving the A's a four-man bench for the first time this season.
Given the A's have a day off Monday, it's possible the right-hander will miss just one start if he's able to recover after just the 10 days. This is Graveman's second career visit to the disabled list, having missed a month at the end of the 2015 season with an oblique strain.
Maxwell, who has been given high marks for the way he calls games and frames pitches, made an impressive debut with the A's last year, hitting .283 with one homer and 14 RBI in 33 games. The left-hander was off to a slow start with Nashville, however, with a .208 average and one RBI in seven games.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Several groups here are giving some on the frontlines of the opioid crisis a night to unwind.
Montgomery County Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services (ADAMHS) is partnering with Dayton entertainment center Scene 75 to host “Supporting the Shield Appreciation Days.”
On December 26, 27 and 28, law enforcement officers, firefighters and EMS are invited to Scene 75 to receive free vouchers for games, food and fun. Both ADAMHS and Scene 75 say it's a way to say ‘thank you' to the men and women who have been among the first dealing with a staggering drug issue in the county.
“That can be a little trying going on call after call to address these situations, in addition to our normal calls throughout Montgomery County,” said Mark Hess, Five Rivers Metro Parks officer and past president of the Montgomery County Association of Police Chiefs.
So far in 2017, Dayton firefighters alone responded to an additional 3,000 opioid-related calls.
ADAMHS says from January-September 2017 it's handed out 2,500 overdose reversal naloxone kits to agencies across Montgomery County.
The Community Overdose Action Team says although the opioid epidemic is far from over, it is starting to see progress in prevention efforts.
In May 2017, the steering committee tracked a particularly devastating month with almost 90 opioid overdose deaths.
By contrast, October tallied fewer than 30 deaths caused by opioid use.
ADAMHS says it recognizes the high demands being asked of first responders and their families as a result of overdoses and crimes connected to drug use, and wants to afford every officer, firefighter and paramedic in the county at least one day off from the stress.
“Those calls can take a toll on our people,” said Assistant Dayton Fire Chief Nicholas Hosford. “They take a physical toll, they take an emotional toll. And to have an event like this, to let the crews take a few minutes out of their busy schedules, spend some time with their families and recharge is an important piece.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A Red Friday fundraiser pulls in an unprecedented amount of money for the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Kansas City. On Friday afternoon The Chiefs organization announced it will donate $378,000 to the charity. The money was raised through Red Friday flag sales on September 15th and through a 50/50 raffle at the Chief's home opener on September 17th.
“That's a jaw dropping number. What is so cool to me about that number is $337,000 [of the total amount] was raised $5 at a time. That's individual members of the Kansas City community spending $5 on a chiefs flag to support the hometown team and to support a local charity,” said Tami Greenberg, CEO for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Kansas City (RMHC-KC).
This year the Ronald McDonald is on track to serve 7,000 families free of charge so they can focus on getting well.
“We are serving families who have children who are living with cancer, families who have babies that are born at 24 weeks, kids who are waiting for transplant, that's who we are serving, not just with a bed and a meal but with all of the love and support that we can offer during this really important time in their lives,” Greenberg explained.
Throughout three houses in the Metro area they can accommodate 87 families per night, with an average length of stay of six days.
“The money raised for Red Friday will help us keep our lights on and keep our doors open. Sometimes people forget that as we add families, it adds expense. People aren't paying to stay here it's a service we provide, so the money raised on Red Friday will make sure that we are serving families this year and every year as long as they need us,” said Greenberg.
This is the fourth year in a row, the Chiefs sold commemorative Chiefs Kingdom flags for Red Friday. The total amount raised marks a single-day record for Red Friday fundraising in the event's 26-year history, surpassing the previous record of $254,000 set last year. Between last year and this year, Red Friday has raised over half-a-million dollars for Ronald McDonald House Charities of Kansas City.
On Feb. 28, Jeb Bush removed himself from the presidential race. That request came from his own party. Deep down he knew they were right, but he also knew that some day he would return. With nowhere else to go, he appeared at the home of his friend Derek Jeter. Several years earlier, Jeter's Yankees family forced him into retirement, requesting that he never return. Can two men share a ball club without driving each other crazy? Quite the Odd Couple, Jeter and Jeb.
Chris Sale pitched brilliantly. Tossed eight scoreless and retired to the clubhouse with a one-run lead in Toronto. Craig Kimbrel came in and undid everything on the first batter he faced. Sox took charge in the top half of the 10th and Kimbrel closed the door.
Tribe came through as well, but all bets were off when Indians pitcher Corey Kluber was pushed back a day. Still heading in the right direction as we expanded our bank account to 758 madisons. … Friday night lights. May have found a mismatch in Cincinnati. Cubs had Thursday off after their come-from-behind W a day before. Joe Maddon takes advantage of the extra rest and moves Jon Lester up. May be trouble for the first-place Reds, who call Tim Adleman out of long relief. We'll lay the 20 units on the Cubbies.
Actor Lin- Manuel Miranda, center, performs with the cast of "Hamilton" at the Tony Awards at the Beacon Theatre on Sunday, June 12, 2016, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Hundreds of public school teachers in New York City have landed tickets to the hottest show on Broadway.
Some 400 teachers from schools in all five boroughs will attend Wednesday night's performance of the sold-out, Tony Award-winning musical "Hamilton."
The teachers were selected by the city's Department of Education and via a lottery held by Teach For America-New York, a nonprofit educational organization. Barclays is also involved in the performance for educators through a partnership with the organization and the Education Department.
The Broadway show's organizers hope the musical's message of diversity and inclusiveness will resonate with educators and their students.
The teachers going to the show are educators who teach a variety of subjects in schools across the city.
HR Talent Management is offering ePM clinics. This is an excellent opportunity for supervisors or proxies to access the ePM system and receive hands on assistance as they complete self-assessments, position descriptions or evaluations.
Human Resources staff members will be available during clinic hours to assist with questions and / or problems users may be experiencing. The clinics will be hosted on a come-and-go basis, and computers will be available for users.
The ePM clinics are not formal training classes for new users. If you are seeking a formal initial training class, please log in to Sum Total to view and sign up for an available class.
The clinics will be held at the Doak Conference Center, Room 155 on the following dates:
Wednesday, February 21, 2018 2:00PM -4:00PM
Friday, February 23, 2018 3:00PM - 5:00PM
Thursday, March 22, 2018 10:00AM - 12:00PM
Wednesday, April 04, 2018 10:00AM - 12:00PM
Monday, April 09, 2018 9:00AM - 11:00AM
Wednesday, April 11, 2018 10:00AM - 12:00PM
With the stars of “The Hunger Games,” “Game Of Thrones,” and “Star Wars” in attendance, this year's Comic-Con promises to be one of the best. We've got the inside scoop on...
Want to feel like you went to Comic-Con without actually having to go? Easy! Wait outside your own bathroom for an hour, don't shower and sign up for Google Alerts....
BUSINESS
Heathcliff Farrugia has taken the reins of the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), replacing his former boss Joseph Cuschieri who now heads the Malta Financial Services Authority (MFSA).
On Monday, the MGA announced that Farrugia has been appointed as the new chief executive officer of the Malta gaming regulator, effective April 24.
Cuschieri's longtime lieutenant joined the MGA in 2014 as its chief operations officer, and was “pivotal in the transformation process” of the agency. In 2016, Farrugia was appointed as chief regulatory officer, a role that saw him taking responsibility for all regulatory activities of MGA particularly on areas including regulatory supervision, authorizations, compliances and player support.
Farrugia, who holds an MBA from the University of Leicester, UK, was also a member of the Supervisory Council and co-chaired the agency's Fit & Proper Committee—a unit tasked with assessing companies and individuals applying for an MGA license.
Before joining the MGA, Farrugia held various senior executive positions in the public and private sector, particularly in the telecoms industry. Farrugia has worked with Vodafone Malta and Vodafone Italy in the past.
Farrugia's new appointment at the MGA comes at a time when the gaming regulator is juggling several issues—including bad press stemming from the police actions against alleged mafia-connected illegality by MGA-licensed online gambling operators. The MGA has since suspended the licenses of the affected companies and launched a probe of all Italian-based licensees to ensure they are complying with their license obligations. The regulator also formed a new Anti-Money Laundering Supervisory Unit that will ensure its licensees were staying on the straight and narrow path.
Cuschieri, who has been the MGA chief since 2013, left the gambling regulator earlier this month to become the CEO of MFSA, which oversees all financial services in Malta, including credit institutions, financial and electronic money institutions, securities and investment services, insurance as well as consumer education and consumer protection.
Comments
Dundee residents are being urged to give a temporary home to a guide dog in training.
The Guide Dogs charity is appealing for volunteers to take in a guide dog or puppy as they continue their training to becoming full-time guide dogs.
Those interested are invited to an event at the Guide Dog Training School in Forfar on Tuesday February 21 from 6-7.30pm.
Volunteer coordinator Shonagh Hodgson said: “Boarders and puppy walkers are essential volunteers and without them we simply couldn't continue providing life-changing partnerships for people with sight loss.
“Boarders look after our guide dogs in training at evenings and weekends, for periods of around two to 16 weeks. Boarders should be able to drop the dog off at our Forfar Training School between 8am and 9am, and collect the dog between 5pm and 6pm.
“Volunteer puppy walkers provide the full-time care and education of a puppy from six weeks of age until they are between 12-14 months old.”
BlackBerry said on Thursday it has won the right to sell tools for encrypting phone calls and text messages to the US federal government, garnering an endorsement from the National Security Agency for the products.
The company said it received the endorsement from the NSA's National Information Assurance Partnership, or NIAP, which reviews commercial technology products to see if they meet enhanced security standards for government use.
NIAP has also endorsed tools from BlackBerry rivals that outplayed BlackBerry in consumer smartphones, including Apple and Samsung.
The fear that eavesdroppers are listening in to government communications has risen sharply in recent years, with an unencrypted mobile phone call between a senior US State Department officer and the US ambassador to Ukraine intercepted and leaked online in early 2014.
The tools are based on technology from Secusmart, which BlackBerry acquired in 2014 after the German startup won a contract to lock down Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone in the wake of claims by a former U.S. intelligence contractor that it was tapped by the NSA.
German prosecutors in 2015 dropped an inquiry into claims that Merkel's phone was bugged, saying they had not found enough evidence to continue the probe.
BlackBerry said its encrypted voice and text messaging products are used by government agencies in 20 countries in Europe, Latin America, southeast Asia and Africa.
Germany is its biggest government customer.
MoviePass drops 10 AMC theaters in bargaining ploy MoviePass is hitting AMC Theaters where it hurts. The all-you-can-watch movie buffet has withdrawn support from 10 of the busiest AMC locations nationwide — including its monster Times Square megaplex...
'Walking Dead' stuntman's mother files wrongful death suit John Bernecker died in July from injuries suffered in a fall on the set.
Cinema giant Regal agrees to be bought by UK's Cineworld UK-based Cineworld has agreed to buy US movie theater operator Regal Entertainment for $3.6 billion in cash, the companies said on Tuesday. A deal would put the combined company in...
AMC shares down thanks to digital competition Shares of AMC Networks tumbled nearly 7 percent, to $53.78, after Guggenheim analyst Michael Morris downgraded the stock from buy to neutral and reduced his price target from $73 to...
'Netflix for theaters' sending industry into a frenzy Mitch Lowe has created a monster fit for the big screen. The chief executive of MoviePass took a sleepy, little-known, 20,000-member movie subscription service on Aug. 15 and injected pure...
Things got chippy on Monday night between the Thunder's Paul George and … Joe Ingles?
It started in the first quarter when Ingles went close to George to defend on the inbound and George shoved him. Which earned him a technical.
These two don't like each other…👀 pic.twitter.com/L1VVx2tWEM — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) April 24, 2018
Which came after this:
More from UPI.com:
The Jazz forward answered back at the end of the quarter, when he made a 3-pointer. He put his body awkwardly close to George in a taunting fashion, as George tried to push him away.
Then there was this:
.@Joeingles7 (20 PTS) made it rain in Salt Lake City with 5 👌's in Game 4!#NBAPlayoffs | #TakeNote pic.twitter.com/pWbyyvZUrI — NBA on TNT (@NBAonTNT) April 24, 2018
And this:
Joe Ingles… dropping 3s with attitude. 😅💪🇦🇺️ pic.twitter.com/skvOrC6c0k — ESPN Australia & NZ (@ESPNAusNZ) April 24, 2018
And this:
Joe Ingles just crossed over Paul George in the year of our lord 2018 — Jordan Zirm (@clevezirm) April 24, 2018
Charles Barkley broke it down at halftime:
"Ingles is just shooting threes in his face and talking to him." – Chuck on Paul George#NBAPlayoffs pic.twitter.com/pyCNJGiHoG — NBA on TNT (@NBAonTNT) April 24, 2018
Seriously, why is he open?
This look …
Joe Ingles still giving Paul George a look up 20 😂 pic.twitter.com/JoQUuCIL4a — Dime on UPROXX (@DimeUPROXX) April 24, 2018
Ingles explained after why he won't back down after the game:
As The Oklahoman pointed out, the two have been exchanging words since earlier this season and started jostling early in a game in December. But, Ingles said last week it was just all in good fun. Via the Oklahoman:
What to Know Popular Community Bank clients who were charged an overdraft fee in previous years may be entitled to receive payment following a settlement
The lawsuit settlement is in connection to the bank's alleged practice of unlawfully charging overdraft fees in ATMS and debit card purchase
The overdraft fees allegedly took place between 2009 and 2014
Popular Community Bank clients who were charged overdraft fees years ago may be entitled to receive money following a lawsuit settlement in connection to the bank's alleged practice of unlawfully charging overdraft fees in ATMS and debit card purchases.
The lawsuit claims Popular Community Bank, previously known as Banco Popular, allegedly charged overdraft fees to clients between Nov. 14, 2009 through Sept. 30, 2014 in an unlawful manner.
According to the lawsuit, the bank allegedly took part in three disputed practices: failing to provide a “real time” warning that an attempted ATM or Point-of-Sale (POS) debit card transaction would overdraw the account; “reordering” withdrawals and purchases since before August 2013, Popular didn't always post its costumers' ATM withdrawals and POS purchases in the order in which they occurred; and providing inaccurate balance information for ATM transactions.
According to the proposed settlement, class members will receive a distribution equal to 50 percent of all overdraft fees paid by them during Jan. 25, 2012 and Sept. 30, 2014 for ATM withdrawals and POS debit card purchases. However, if the total amount of all qualified claims is more than $5.2 million, each claim will be reduced pro rata. If the total value of qualified claims received is less than $500,000 then the 50 percent payment rate will be increased until it reaches 100 percent or the total amount of settlement payments to class members equals $550,000, whatever occurs first.
All who think they've been impacted by the overdraft fees should visit bpnaoverdraftfeesettlement.com for more information and to submit a claim form or to exclude themselves from the settlement. The deadline to submit a claim online or via mail is no later than July 23, while the deadline to exclude yourself is July 6.
The Supreme Court of the State of New York will hold a hearing Aug. 6 to determine whether to finally approve the settlement.
A spokeswoman for Popular said the bank will issue an official statement once it gathers more details.
Popular operates over 50 branches in New York, New Jersey and South Florida, with access to more than 55,000 ATMs internationally.
SEATTLE - “How do we minimize those risks and still let them play the sport that they love?”
That was the question posed by Andy Connor, whose son Patrick is an offensive lineman on the football team at Bothell High School, just outside Seattle, Washington.
“Every time I see [Patrick] on the field, I'm worried something might happen,” Andy said. “It's just part of the reality of the game that they're playing, and the risks that are involved.”
“I feel better with that helmet on his head,” he said.
Connor is referring to the VICIS Zero1 helmet,ranked by the NFL the as the top-performing helmet of 2017. It was Patrick's Christmas gift from his parents a year ago.
“[Dad] told me it was going to help prevent concussions and help prevent injuries,” Patrick said.
The Zero1 generated a lot of buzz this past year when star players like Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson and the Chiefs' quarterback Alex Smith not only used the helmet. But Smith and Wilson didn't just wear the helmet — they invested in it.
Eighteen out of the NFL's 32 teams currently have at least one player wearing the helmet this season. Also part of the VICIS Coalition is former Dallas Cowboy Roger Staubach — also an investor — and former San Francisco 49er Jerry Rice.
VICIS CEO Dave Marver co-founded the company as a startup in 2013 with experts in neurosurgery and mechanical engineering from the University of Washington.
“We thought there was an opportunity to make a difference,” Marver said.
It has taken his team years of testing using both linear and rotational force to get to the design they've landed on now.
What's unique to the Zero1, Marver says, is a multilayered approach to protection. The helmet is made with a collapsible outer shell which covers a layer of vertical columns composed of a proprietary material that compress to absorb shock from a hit.
“This is designed to endure thousands of collisions,” Marver says, pushing on the flexible outer shell. “It bounces back each time, and the whole process is invisible to the naked eye.”
The Zero1 recently came down in price, from $1500 down to $950, which is still almost four times as much as the NFL's number two ranked helmet, the Schutt Air XP Pro VTD II. Is the Zero1 that much safer?
Arthur Maerlender with the Brain Injury Alliance of Nebraska and a professor in the Center for Brain, Biology and Behavior at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln said the verdict is still out. But, he added that any parent looking for fool-proof equipment to eliminate concussions in their son or daughter will be out of luck.
“We're not able to say, ‘This is good, you're never going to get a concussion with this helmet,'” Maerlender said. “That's just not going to happen.”
Instead, Maerlender said, one of the best things parents can do is to make sure their child athletes are removed from playing and taken to see a doctor after its suspected they may have suffered a concussion.
The NFL states on its helmet ranking poster that any advantage the Zero1 had over the 13 other helmets in the "top-performing-group" is statistically insignificant. The independent Virginia tech STAR helmet rating system — widely considered the industry standard — has yet to test the Zero1 because it hasn't been publicly available until recently.
VICIS maintains their research and design will only continue to improve and that the cost will only go down.
“Like a lot of new technologies, it's expensive at first,” Marver said when asked about the cost.
For the Connor family, the high cost wasn't a deterrent. Andy Connor felt that having the top-ranked helmet was a no-brainer.
“I couldn't really make the decision not to do it knowing what could happen if I didn't," Connor said.
A frustrated SZA tweeted that she might have done permanent damage to her vocal cords while on tour the past 11 months.
The “All the Stars” singer was pulled recently from Top Dawg Entertainment's The Championship Tour to give her cords a chance to heal, but in a series of tweets Tuesday she shared that her vocal issues haven't improved and that she may never fully recover.
“My voice is permanently injured . Great !!!!!!!!!!!!! YAYYYYYUUYH!!!!!!!!'n,” she wrote.
“Tonight was the test . That settles that,” she added.
She said in her final tweet: “I jus wanna be left alone … I need space goodbye.”
SZA has since deleted the posts from her Twitter account.
The Championship Tour came through Oakland's Oracle Arena earlier this month, with SZA and headliner Kendrick LaMar among the show's biggest draws. But last week, Top Dawg announced that the R&B singer would miss an indefinite number of dates.
Get more celebrity news and photos delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays.
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.
“I got some bad news. I have to take SZA off for a few days on the tour,” Top Dawg wrote on Instagram. “Her vocal chords are swollen and she has to rest her voice to prevent any permanent damage. We have been monitoring her close and this is the reason she missed the Arizona and New Mexico dates. She'll see the doctor again in a few days and I'll update you guys on her status.”
Championship Tour update… A post shared by gwadpot (@dangerookipawaa) on May 22, 2018 at 2:22pm PDT
SZA responded to the post with more details.
“I've been touring for 11 months. This didn't happen overnight,” she wrote. “I've been troubleshooting for a while now and Usually steroids and pushing through help. They don't have this time. I'm not sick my voice just wont (expletive) work. If I don't pause now I'll be forced to pause permanently.”
Related Articles Before Roseanne Barr, Ambien also reportedly caused trouble for Elon Musk, Tiger Woods, maybe even Donald Trump
Brigitte Nielsen is pregnant at age 54
Jimmy Page vs. boy band's Robbie Williams in neighborhood squabble
Roseanne Barr keeps tweeting, is mocked for her excuse
Whitney Houston cousin: Kanye West ‘not in his right mind' for using image of her drug-laden bathroom She then apologized for missing the tour dates.
“I'm genuinely sorry for every face, voice, and energy field I won't be touching!” she said. “I'm literally taking as many steroids as I can to speed this up!!”
LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have a club team.
According to USA TODAY Sports, the Ball brothers agreed to one-year contracts with Vytautas Prienai in the Lithuanian first division on Monday. And they may notice some similarities between LaVar Ball and their new head coach, Virginijus Seskus.
Despite not speaking English, Seskus has been described as the “LaVar Ball of Lithuania.” Jonathan Givony of DraftExpress said that Seskus is the kind of coach who loves to pick up technical fouls and is high energy.
Virginijus Seskus, coach of Prienu Vytautas, who is considering signing LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball, has been described to me as "the LaVar Ball of Lithuania". Very high energy guy apparently. Loves to get technical fouls. They'll get along great, despite him speaking no english. — Jonathan Givony (@DraftExpress) December 11, 2017
He has even taken a page out of LaVar Ball's coaching playbook and pulled his team off the court.
This video from October showed Seskus telling his team to leave the court with just under three minutes remaining in a tie game. Vytautas Prienai players reluctantly listened to the coach and forfeited the game.
Sound familiar?
Back in July, LaVar pulled his Big Ballers AAU team off the court and forfeited after a disagreement with the officials. He later threatened to do the same if Adidas tournament organizers didn't replace a female referee.
The language barrier could be an adjustment, but it appears that agent Harrison Gaines has found the most similar personality to LaVar Ball in European basketball.
Read more from USA TODAY Sports.
PYONGYANG, Korea, Democratic People's Republic Of — Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov arrived in North Korea on Thursday for talks with senior officials.
Lavrov's visit comes ahead of a planned summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and was seen as an attempt by Moscow to ensure its voice is heard in the North's diplomatic overtures with Washington, Seoul and Beijing.
After his arrival, Lavrov met with North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement earlier they would discuss bilateral issues as well as the overall situation on the Korean Peninsula. Details of Lavrov's schedule in Pyongyang were not disclosed.
Despite having a border with the North and relatively cordial relations that President Vladimir Putin has seemed to want to develop further, Russia has so far remained largely on the sidelines as Kim has emerged onto the world stage this year.
Kim has already met twice with China's President Xi Jinping and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. One of Kim's top lieutenants, former intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, is now in New York to discuss with U.S. officials the agenda for the summit planned in Singapore on or around June 12.
What to Know Six people were hospitalized after a 15-year-old girl allegedly threw bleach during a fight at a high school in Queens
The six victims suffered minor injuries; one of them was a school staff member and another was a boy who got bleach in his eyes
Police arrested the 15-year-old and charged her with reckless endangerment
Six people were taken to a hospital after a bleach attack at a high school in Queens Friday morning, police said.
A teen girl threw the bleach during a fight with another girl at Benjamin N. Cardozo High School in Bayside around 11:30 a.m., according to police.
The 15-year-old attacker poured bleach on a 14-year-old girl who had poured pickle juice on her, police said.
Four other people were also hit by bleach, according to police.
One of the bystanders is a staff member at the high school, according to Teamsters Local 237, a union that represents New York City employees.
The union said another one of the victims was believed to be a boy who got bleach in his eyes.
The two girls and four bystanders were taken to Long Island Jewish Medical Center with minor injuries, fire officials said.
The 15-year-old suspect was arrested and charged with reckless endangerment after being treated at the hospital. She also got a juvenile report and was returned to her parents.
News 4 has reached out to the Department of Education for comment.
Top Tri-State News Photos
Advocates say smuggling accusations are increasingly being used as a pretext for immigration arrests because the Trump administration has made it a priority to deport accused smugglers. But the accusations rarely get heard in a criminal court.
A day after the video of her being detained by Border Patrol had more than 9 million views, Perla Morales-Luna sat in an ICE detention center accused of being part of a criminal smuggling organization. The footage, with piercing screams from at least one of her daughters who ask "Where is she going?" after the Border Patrol vehicle took off, prompted a fury of public outcry and media inquiries. US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) then released additional information about her alleged role as a human smuggler who was part of a transnational criminal group. Authorities said they'd arrested other people associated with the group in January, but that Morales-Luna avoided arrest at the time. "Despite direct phone conversations between her and US Border Patrol agents, she refused to self-surrender to authorities," CBP said in a statement. "Due to her unwillingness to self-surrender and the fact that she was an illegal alien present in the United States she was deemed a flight risk and a targeted enforcement operation was approved for her arrest."
Morales-Luna could ultimately be found not guilty of helping to smuggle people into the United States, a charge her attorney denies, but she's not likely to get that opportunity. Despite CBP claims she was involved in a criminal conspiracy, she's not been charged. Instead, she'll be placed in deportation proceedings, where authorities don't have to prove her guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Immigration attorneys say her case highlights a growing trend in which undocumented immigrants are arrested for crimes such as smuggling and put in deportation proceedings without being convicted. "Being accused of smuggling can result in someone being deported without having to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt in criminal court," said Jeremy McKinney, an immigration attorney in North Carolina and secretary of the American Immigration Lawyers Association.
Advertisement
This was the case even before President Trump signed two executive orders shortly after he took office that made almost all 11 million undocumented immigrants in the US a priority for deportation and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) issued a memo that said federal agents would not exempt any undocumented immigrants from deportation. Criminal accusations also became a cause of concern from immigrant advocates and attorneys after John Kelly, then the secretary of DHS, directed agents to focus immigration enforcement on smugglers, including parents who'd paid to have their kids brought to the US. Last April, Attorney General Jeff Sessions told federal prosecutors in a memo to prioritize prosecutions against smugglers. CBP said Morales-Luna was arrested because she recruited drivers to transport undocumented immigrants from a remote area of San Diego County to a stash house in National City, California.
The smuggler allegation is being widely used by immigration authorities because it doesn't require a criminal conviction, McKinney said.
"DHS can toss the allegation around without having to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt," McKinney told BuzzFeed News. "And once the allegation is made, it usually sticks due to the inability to prove a negative — proving you are not a smuggler." Attorneys for the government still have to prove the allegation in immigration court but, unlike criminal court, the standard for guilt is lower and the rules of evidence don't apply, McKinney said. "In immigration court, you can have double or triple hearsay," McKinney said, meaning a witness doesn't have to have direct knowledge, but can simply recount what they've heard from someone else. McKinney said smuggling accusations are popular because the language is expansive and no waiver is available for people trying to legalize their status unless the person was smuggling a spouse or child. "This administration is using any reason it can to delay or deny legal immigration," McKinney said. "And, of course, the public, for good reason, would not like smugglers — at least the prevailing vision of a smuggler." Niels Frenzen, a professor at the Gould School of Law at the University of Southern California and director of the USC Immigration Clinic, said it's possible in these cases for CBP or Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to have some evidence that someone has engaged in criminal conduct, but not enough to convince a judge to issue an arrest warrant. Instead, immigration authorities arrest the person for being in the country without documentation, which has a lower evidentiary standard. The majority of immigration arrests in the United States are warrantless arrests, Frenzen said. "I don't know if that is the case with this recent arrest in San Diego, but if CBP really had evidence that she was involved in a transnational human smuggling operation of some kind, that would definitely be a case where CBP would seek to criminally prosecute first and deport second," Frenzen said. "So the fact that CBP has arrested her on the civil law violations suggests that CBP does not have enough evidence to convince a judge to issue a criminal arrest warrant."
In a statement, CBP said anyone Border Patrol identifies as being a part of a criminal organization will be arrested and presented to the US Attorney's Office for prosecution, but for undocumented immigrants they may forgo that step. "In the case of an illegal alien, they may be processed for removal from the United States in lieu of prosecution," CBP said. Ralph DeSio, a spokesperson for CBP, said it was at the discretion of the San Diego sector whether to seek prosecution or proceed with removal instead. In Morales-Luna's case, she is being put in deportation proceedings, federal authorities said, where an immigration judge will make the final decision on whether she'll be kicked out of the United States. Andrés Moreno II, one of the attorneys representing Morales-Luna, described her as a single mother raising three US citizen daughters, ages 17, 15, and 12. Moreno said she doesn't have a criminal record and denied that Morales-Luna was a smuggler for a criminal organization.
"I'm not aware of any facts that would lead to that conclusion," Moreno told BuzzFeed News. "Our client adamantly denies she had anything to do with any of that." Moreno said a lot of allegations are thrown at undocumented immigrants, but that few actual charges are filed against them in favor of deportation hearings. "It's a lot easier to process an immigration violation than a criminal case," Moreno said. "With immigrants in general, a lot of allegations get tossed around and they never get processed for any of the accusations. They just get processed for the immigration violation." Moreno said that because Morales-Luna isn't being charged for her alleged smuggling crimes, she was really arrested by Border Patrol for being undocumented.
"Which is essentially a civil violation," Moreno said. "Do we really need to go through physically removing her in front of her children, throwing her in a car, and speeding off while her US children are on the street watching their mother be taken away?"
Adolfo Flores is a national security correspondent for BuzzFeed News and is based in Los Angeles. He focuses on immigration. Contact Adolfo Flores at adolfo.flores@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Mob of cyclists attacks driver: cops A pack of cyclists swarmed a driver on a Manhattan street — and then attacked him when he got out of his car to confront them, cops said Tuesday. The...
Century-old biker doesn't plan to give up his license Jock Stares may be 101 years old, but he's not planning on giving up his independence anytime soon. At an age when most people are staying off their feet, he's...
Woman injured after being hit by support car during Ironman race COEUR D'ALENE, Idaho — A 52-year-old Montana woman competing in a northern Idaho endurance event is in fair condition at a hospital after being struck by an event support vehicle....
Dozens of bikers escort bullied student to first day of school FORT WAYNE, Ind. — Bullying eroded 11-year-old Phil Mick's self-esteem in recent years, but Tuesday – his first day of sixth grade – dozens of motorcyclists helped boost the Auburn...
Bullied teen gets to party when 120 bikers make her dreams come true A teenage girl who missed her high school prom because of bullies has finally got her chance to party thanks to 120 leather-clad bikers who made her dreams come true....
80-year-old man riding bike struck and killed by bus An elderly bicyclist was struck and killed by a bus in Chelsea Saturday afternoon — the second fatal charter-bus collision in the neighborhood in a week. Michael Mamoukakis, 80, was...
Even if you are what your record says you are, as a legendary Giants coach once said, Ben McAdoo doesn't see much difference between this year's colossally disappointing 0-4 team and the playoff squad that won 11 games last season.
One or two or three wins would have made that easier to see; wins which disappeared on Brandon Marshall's fourth-quarter drop against the Lions, and last-second kicks by the Buccaneers' Nick Folk and the Eagles' Jake Elliott.
“I don't feel our team is really too different than it was through the first four games of last year,” McAdoo said Friday. “The difference is we found a way to win a couple games that were tight early in the season last year. We haven't done that yet, so that doesn't mean we are lesser of a football team at this point. But that's where we are, that's where we find ourselves.”
The second-year coach believes this Sunday's game against the Chargers will present the true image of this team, whichever version it may be.
“We talked about adversity introduces a man to himself and that's where we find ourselves right now,” McAdoo said. “It's a people game. It's a game of character. We've practiced well the last couple of weeks, better than the first two weeks, and we put ourselves in position to win games in the end. … [We're] doing simple better. Simplifying things, playing faster, tackling better, blocking better, catching better, and we hope to cash in on it on Sunday.”
McAdoo also addressed Tampa Bay cornerback Vernon Hargreaves' comment that the Giants' offense is predictable.
“That's a non-issue,” McAdoo said. “It's not something I'm concerned with at this point. We have things to counteract it.”
Odell Beckham Jr. (finger/ankle) left Thursday's practice early, and was projected to be a limited participant Friday, but his status for Sunday isn't in jeopardy.
“Odell's doing well,” McAdoo said. “We didn't know if it was a hamstring or cramping or what it was, but it seems to be cramping at this point.”
Center Weston Richburg (concussion) and running back Paul Perkins (ribs) are officially out for Sunday. Guard John Jerry (hamstring) is questionable, along with defensive ends Jason Pierre-Paul (shoulder/knee), Olivier Vernon (ankle) and Avery Moss (shoulder), though Pierre-Paul said Thursday he will play.
Will Aldrick Rosas rebound?
The rookie's first missed kick was a a costly one, as his failed 43-yard try came in the fourth quarter of an eventual two-point loss at Tampa Bay, but special teams coordinator Tom Quinn said he doesn't believe Rosas has lost any confidence.
“Kickers are gonna miss them. They gotta bounce back,” Quinn said. “That's the difference between guys in the NFL and the guys that aren't in the NFL.”
Shortly after making my calling public to my local church at age 15, I told my parents I wanted to go to seminary eventually. That's what my father, a pastor, had done after college, and I wanted to follow in his footsteps. Once I started college, however, I wasn't as zealous anymore. I didn't think I could “do” seminary; I was timid and unsure if I were smart enough. Moreover, I was a Christian studies major at a liberal arts school who thought what I was learning there was sufficient training for ministry. But then my perspective changed.
As I was praying and thinking through whether or not I should go to seminary, my Bible reading led me to 2 Timothy 3:14–15:
But as for you, continue in what you have learned and have become convinced of, because you know those from whom you learned it, and how from infancy you have known the Holy Scriptures, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus.
This command—“continue in what you have learned”—propelled me into seminary those years ago, but it has also served me well in the intervening years. Learning is a prerequisite for those who want to be teachers and communicators of God's Word, but it is also a lifestyle and an attitude that all of God's children should adopt.
For women who feel called to communicate God's Word to the people of God, theological training is necessary to prepare you for the work. As a minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ, you will bear the responsibility of speaking on behalf of God by expounding his Word, and also the responsibility of shepherding and protecting his sheep (even if those sheep are exclusively women and children). James's warning should reverberate in our ears and cause us to proceed cautiously: “Not many of you should become teachers … because you know that we who teach will be judged more strictly” (James 3:1).
Likewise, vocational ministry is the serious business of soul care. Like surgeons who feel the life-and-death weight of their work, we, too, should feel the eternal life-and-death weight of our callings just as much and possibly more.
My friend Hayden Walker served as a youth minister at a Baptist church in Birmingham for several years. “Ministry is hard work,” she wrote to me, “and it should be more than just event planning. My theological education reminds me that I have a responsibility to the gospel and to communicate truth, not just coordinate a calendar.”
As 2 Timothy suggests, a serious calling requires serious study of Scripture. With that in mind, I offer here a woman's guide to pursuing a seminary education.
Choose your seminary wisely.
As you seek to choose a school, the first question to ask is: Do I want to attend a seminary within my own denomination or one that is inter-or multi-denominational? In other words: Whom do I want to shape me? The advantage of going to a seminary within your denomination is that you will be shaped by top thinkers in your own tradition. If you are Episcopalian, you will perhaps become even more firmly Episcopalian. If you are Baptist, you will perhaps leave seminary even more Baptist. If you want to be ordained, a denominational seminary will (usually) get you there faster, and some denominations who ordain women will not ordain you unless you go to one of their seminaries.
On the other hand, most interdenominational evangelical seminaries offer a unique ecumenical approach. They want their students to leave as they entered: as good members of their respective denominations but with a deepened appreciation of other traditions. So both options offer benefits—just different ones. But wherever you go, look for a seminary committed to orthodoxy.
Consider attitudes toward women.
Regardless of whether you are complementarian or egalitarian (or somewhere in the middle) in your views, you'll want to consider a school's beliefs and attitudes about the role of women in gospel ministry. Don't expect to go to a seminary where every male student is supportive of women in ministry, even if you don't feel called to be a senior pastor. Most likely, you'll encounter opposition at some point. On the other hand, beware of schools where you find a lot of women who exhibit anger toward men. These schools raise other red flags.
Consider these questions when examining seminaries: Are there any women on the faculty? What do female students and alumnae report about their experience? What does the director of admissions says about the school's calling to prepare women for ministry of all kinds?
Consider online versus on-campus education.
Attending seminary in person poses challenges for many women—those who are married, caring for children, or engaged in other personal or professional commitments that infringe on their time or mobility. The purpose of online degrees is to make seminary available to those who wouldn't normally be able to pursue theological training, and in that sense, the internet has created opportunities for those who might otherwise have none. Almost every institution now offers online degrees. (In this CT piece, Marybeth Baggett offers suggestions for online programs worth considering.)
Although attending seminary remotely is better than not attending at all, nonetheless, if you have the ability to go the on-campus route, I strongly encourage you to do it. Something transformative happens in the classroom: You get to meet peers and professors face to face, engage directly with professors, and converse with students after class. The best type of theological education takes place in a community of faith. If you're willing and able to move across the country (or the world) to serve Christ in ministry wherever he places you, then consider doing the same with seminary. Move to the seminary God is calling you to. It's a way to practice obedience and trust so that when he calls you to ministry after seminary, it will be easier to take that next step.
Consider your degree and course options.
The most common degree for most types of pastoral ministry is the MDiv (Master of Divinity). Although it depends on the school, most evangelical institutions offer biblical languages, church history, systematic theology, preaching, and pastoral care courses as part of an MDiv program. If you plan to teach God's Word through writing, speaking, preaching, or teaching, the MDiv provides a strong grasp of biblical languages. Two or three classes in Greek or Hebrew is not enough, however. You need to learn the languages well but also know how to use them for preaching and teaching. With that in mind, beware of institutions that have cheapened their MDiv degree by only requiring a few classes in biblical languages.
The MDiv degree will also require you to take preaching classes. If preaching is a spiritual gift you think you might have, you need the training and the practice. Even if you don't plan to be in the pulpit, preaching classes will give you the tools to interpret, apply, and communicate Scripture. You can use these skills in different areas of ministry—even in the nursery—and in conjunction with other gifts.
Consider finding a female mentor.
As you pursue seminary, look for someone who can impart wisdom, speak truth, and pastor you. Your mentor doesn't have to be female, of course. Nonetheless, given the natural difficulties of pursuing ministry as a woman—in the pulpit or elsewhere—I strongly recommend finding a female mentor.
As you seek one out, look for someone who has done (or is doing) gospel ministry, especially in an area close to your interest. If you feel called to youth ministry, for example, then pray and search for someone in that field. Second, look for someone who is respected by others and mature in the faith. Third, look for someone who is theologically educated or at least more likely to encourage you toward that end. (And keep in mind that mentoring does not take the place of studying Scripture with scholars.) Finally, look for someone who will speak truthfully into your life with Christlike love.
Consider the faculty-to-student ratio.
As you assess your seminary options, read up on the faculty. Who will be the people shaping you? What have they written? What courses do they teach, and what's their area of specialization? Perhaps most importantly, will you have the opportunity to get to know them. Large seminaries may have some of the best scholars in the field (a huge positive), but you might run the risk of not being able to know your professors on a personal level.
For me, one of the benefits of attending a small seminary was sitting at the feet of biblical scholars in class and then getting to know them outside of class. When you're one of 14 students, you're able to ask more questions and be more involved.
That benefit often extends past seminary, too. For example, while working on my book last year, I asked one of my former New Testament professors a question about Romans 16. He graciously sent me a section of the commentary on Romans that he had written for Zondervan (which at the time had yet to be published). The greatest value of seminary has been this: lifelong relationships with scholars who are invested in my life and ministry and continue to pray for me. You can't put a price tag on that.
Consider the cost.
As you examine the cost of seminary, consider not only the cost of education but also the cost of living in the area where the school is located. This is especially important for women who have families. Does the seminary offer on-campus housing? If you have kids, is the on-campus housing family friendly? If not, what's the cost of off-campus housing?
Explore both loan and scholarship options. Most schools offer scholarships and other forms of financial support, as do many churches. Ask about scholarships given by your own church and also churches near the school that you're considering. (Research national scholarships, as well.) Think, too, about work. Will you have to work while in seminary? How much will you have to earn to make ends meet? And are you eligible for federal work-study?
Take the long view.
In Scripture, the call to ministry is never fast or easy. Abraham is promised a land he never gets to inherit and a nation he never gets to see. Moses is never able to bring the people into the Promised Land. David has to wait roughly 15 years from his anointing as king to the day he takes the throne, and even then he never gets to see the building of the temple.
Similarly, seminary requires time and sacrifice. It may seem like a waste of time or money or an obstacle to fulfilling your call now, but seminary is neither easy nor fast. It's designed to mirror ministry and teach you what it will be like: hard and slow.
The week before my third-semester finals in seminary, I called my father to complain about feeling overwhelmed by all the papers and tests (in addition to my part-time job). “Kristen,” he said to me, “God is using these experiences to teach you now what it means to depend on God and to not give up in the hard times so that when you experience the difficult times in ministry later, you will remember that the power of God carried you now and will carry you then.”
He was right. As I have faced challenges in my ministry journey, I am grateful that I had hard, slow theological training because it has prepared me for the hard, slow process of ministry.
Finally, pray through the process.
As you consider seminaries—and there are many wonderful options out there—I encourage you to pray fervently through the process. Seek the God who has called you into his service. Ask him to show you where you should be shaped for the ministry to which he has called you. Ask him to open doors and close doors. Ask him to raise red flags and green flags. Ask him, too, to speak through the mouths of mentors and other trusted people. Finally, ask him to guide and lead you, and then trust that he will.
Let Psalm 138 be your prayer: “The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me; your steadfast love, O Lord, endures forever. Do not forsake the work of your hands” (Ps. 138:8, ESV).
Amen.
Kristen Padilla, MDiv, is the author of Now That I'm Called: A Guide for Women Discerning a Call to Ministry. She is a writer, Bible teacher, wife to a biblical scholar, mom of one, and on staff at Beeson Divinity School of Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama. Connect with her at kristenrpadilla.com or on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram.
This essay was adapted from Now That I'm Called: A Guide for Women Discerning a Call to Ministry. Copyright © 2018 by Kristen Padilla. Used by permission of Zondervan. www.zondervan.com.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
UK accuses Russia of stockpiling deadly nerve agent Britain's foreign secretary said on Sunday that Russia has been stockpiling the deadly nerve agent used to poison a former Russian spy in the UK in violation of international law...
Listen to JFK speak from beyond the grave President John F. Kennedy can finally make the speech he never got to deliver because of his assassination — thanks to voice synthesis technology. Kennedy was on his way to...
These guys had no idea ex-tour guide put a hit out on them: feds A pair of Washington Heights teens and a Staten Island gas station attendant had no idea they were marked for death — but lucky for them the feds did. The...
US: North Korea was behind murder of Kim Jong-un's brother The United States has formally concluded that North Korea ordered the hit of leader Kim Jong-un's brother — using a VX nerve agent to poison him, according to officials....
Secret papers reveal teen shot at Queen in failed assassination attempt A troubled 17-year-old boy tried to assassinate Britain's Queen Elizabeth II during her 1981 visit to New Zealand when he opened fire near her motorcade, according to newly released documents....
Poisoned Kim Jong Nam knew his life was in danger KUALA LUMPUR – Kim Jong Nam, the poisoned half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, told a friend in Malaysia his life was in danger six months before he...
Assassinated NYPD cop's widow wants killer to keep rotting in prison The wife of an NYPD officer assassinated in Harlem 47 years ago is getting ready to demand — again — that her her husband's killer remain behind bars. “Tomorrow morning,...
Man who threatened to kill Trump, attack theater charged SALT LAKE CITY — A grand jury has charged a Utah man with threatening to kill President Donald Trump during his visit last month to announce changes to two national...
Gunman targeted police officers in shooting spree: authorities Authorities in Harrisburg, Pa., were wondering Friday what drove a 51-year-old man to go on an afternoon shooting spree in which he apparently targeted police officers. Police eventually shot and...
GREENWOOD, Ind (WISH) — The Greenwood Police Department is undergoing a $2 million makeover. It will be the first major renovation since the building was built 25 years ago.
The department won't be adding on, instead, it will re-purpose what it already has. There are are several rooms within the building that are not being used or are storing old equipment. Police Chief John Laut met with planners on Tuesday to go over layout ideas. Laut says he expects to make a decision by March.
From the outside, the building seems to be in good shape. But if you take a closer look inside, Assistant Chief Matt Fillenwarth says, it's time for an update. In a tour of the facility, Fillenwarth pointed to water leaks caused by an aging heating and cooling system.
“It's constantly getting clogged, leaking, coming into my office,” Fillenwarth said. “When I was an investigators commander, (the) top of my desk (was) soaked and my chairs soaked where the thing leaked over the weekend.”
The building is not fully handicap accessible, nor is it equipped to handle new technology.
“Just getting everything modernized. Pulling the category five cable through the ceilings for the computer system, Wifi. We're getting ready upgrade all of our body worn cameras,” Fillenwarth said.
In addition, the department would also like to make cosmetic improvements. Laut says the $2 million budget is not set it stone. The price could go up or down. But the department is short staffed, according to Fillenwarth.
Resident Mark Meyer wonders why the money isn't used to hire new officers.
“You have to find a good balance. The building needs to stay updated,” Meyer said. “At the same time, we need the overall majority of the funds to go to the officers.”
According to Fillenwarth, the money will come from bonds, which can't be used for payroll. Instead the city is looking to pass a food and beverage tax for hiring. Greenwood unsuccessfully tried to have a food and beverage tax passed for a number of years. Mayor Mark Myers says he'll keep trying. New bonds won't be issued for the renovation, so property taxes will not go up.
The department will move its operations to Greenwood Middle School while construction is underway. Construction is expected to begin later this year or early next year.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Claiming vindication and straining to derail the Russia probe, President Donald Trump declassified a top secret congressional memo Friday, and suggested it proved the investigation of his presidential campaign was fatally flawed. Democrats said the document did nothing to clear him or his campaign, and the FBI called the memo inaccurate and incomplete.
Butting heads just as they had before the memo's release, Trump and his critics stuck to the positions they had staked out in the weeks leading up to the hotly disputed release of the memo prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee. The memo makes their case — and Trump's — that abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation made it worse than worthless.
The Democrats, having none of it, said the four-page memo merely cherry-picks Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement and undercut the current federal investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller. Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said the GOP document "mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information" and its release "will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies."
The memo's central premise is that the FBI relied excessively on anti-Trump research funded by Democrats in seeking a warrant to monitor the communications of a Trump campaign associate and that federal authorities concealed the full details of who was paying for the information.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The disclosure of the document is extraordinary since it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. Its release is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has divide the White House and his hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
Trump, who lashed out at the FBI and Justice Department Friday morning, refused to express confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller and is mentioned by name in the memo.
Asked if he was more likely to fire Rosenstein, and if he still had confidence in him, Trump retorted. "You figure that one out."
A senior White House official said later the administration expects Rosenstein to remain in his job.
Trump has been telling confidants he believed the memo would validate his concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him. Though the document had been classified since it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the White House declassified it Friday and sent it to the intelligence committee chairman, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, for immediate release.
The development also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit the investigation by Mueller that focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice. Republicans seized on the memo's allegations to argue that the FBI's investigation was politically tainted from the start.
But the memo does nothing to address obstruction questions that have led Mueller to express interest in interviewing Trump. It also reveals the FBI investigation actually began in July 2016, months before the warrant was even sought, based on information involving a separate Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, who has already pleaded guilty to federal charges.
Mueller inherited the probe in May of 2017. Four people have so far been charged in his investigation.
Trump said Friday of the information in the memo: "I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace."
Earlier in the day, he tweeted, "The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people."
The memo offered the first government confirmation that the FBI in October 2016 obtained a secret surveillance warrant on a Trump campaign associate, Carter Page, on the basis that agents believed he might be an agent of a foreign power —Russia. That warrant was signed off on multiple times, including by Rosenstein.
In a statement, Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser and came on the FBI radar in 2013 as part of a separate counterintelligence probe, said, "The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy."
The memo asserts that opposition research conducted by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, "formed an essential part" of the initial application to receive the warrant. It's unclear how much or what information Steele collected was included in the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele's research into Trump and Russia was compiled into a series of memos, or dossier, containing salacious allegations.
Regardless, the FBI routinely relies on multiple sources of information when it obtains surveillance warrants. And the memo makes clear that the FBI believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee through a Washington law firm. The memo says the FBI cut ties with Steele, a longtime FBI source, for an improper disclosure to the media over his relationship with the bureau.
Democrats pushed back on multiple assertions from the memo, saying it was not accurate the FBI had withheld from the court information about Steele's potential political motivations or those of the people who hired him. They say the memo ignores the fact the investigation did not begin with Steele.
Schiff, the top Democrat, said the memo had "cherry-picked" information from Andrew McCabe, who stepped down as FBI deputy director this week. The memo describes him as having told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought without the dossier.
The memo release escalates a clash with the man he picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. Wray had warned the White House that the declassification and release could set a dangerous precedent.
Comey weighed in on Twitter, calling the memo "dishonest and misleading" and saying it had "inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs."
OAKLAND — A's rookie Matt Olson has been given the keys to the first base job, and so far, he's running with it.
Olson last week was recalled from Triple-A Nashville for the third time this season, only there was a little more significance to his most recent call-up.
Yonder Alonso was in the midst of an All-Star season in each of Olson's previous two stints with the club, relegating Olson to the bench with most of his opportunities coming in pinch-hit roles. When Olson was arrived on Aug. 8, Alonso was gone. Olson's bench role suddenly improved, and so did his production.
In six games for the A's in the post-Alonso era, Olson has impressed both on the field and at the plate. In addition to turning an impressive double play a on a tough bouncing ball in the second inning of Sunday's win over the Baltimore Orioles, Olson also homered for the third straight game.
What made Olson's home run was who it came against: Orioles closer Zach Britton. Olson's ninth inning homer off Britton was the first home run the former All-Star had allowed to a left-handed batter since 2013, showing A's manager Bob Melvin that the left-handed rookie will not be limited to only hitting against righties.
“This is the first real opportunity that he's gotten. Usually he knows that at some point in time he's probably going back down but now he's going to get a significant opportunity,” Melvin said. “Whether it's defensively or offensively, I think it was good that we brought him up when he was swinging the bat well and I think he's having a good year. He's been very impactful for us.”
From Paul Blackburn to Matt Chapman, most of the rookies that have been called up have shown maturity beyond their years. Olson has been no exception.
Olson's head-up play on the double play turned on Sunday only fortifies how Melvin has felt about the A's 23-year-old first round pick of the 2012 draft.
“He's handled it really well. Doesn't ever look like anything makes him nervous or antsy,” Melvin said. “He's a real clear-thinker whether it's at the plate or in the field as you saw on the double play. A lot of guys, their instincts would tell them to stop, where he finished the play. He's a terrific defender and he's swinging the bat well on top of it.”
While the A's are not going to the playoffs this year, Olson and the rest of the young A's will get a chance to play spoiler to several teams fighting for a spot in the postseason.
Beginning with the series against the Kansas City Royals on Monday night, all but two of the remaining series for the A's this season will come against teams that are currently leading their division or Wild card, or competing for one of the two.
“It's great for our younger guys,” Melvin said. “It's one thing to play in September where it's watered down a little bit with upwards of 40 guys here. It's really good for them to play in this type of atmosphere, especially when they have success. You feel that much better about yourself at the big league level.”
With prospects like Jorge Mateo, Franklin Barreto and A.J. Puk not far away from joining what the A's believe is a burgeoning group of young stars already on the major league roster, Melvin has no doubts that the A's could be contenders rather than spoilers around this time next season.
“You look at the group of guys we have and how can you not be excited? The position players that have played together for a while in this organization have won at every level. Now they're here really itching to get back to a winning type of atmosphere,” Melvin said. “I've had some teams before where we've won with young players, whether it's Arizona in 2007 or here in 2012 with a bunch of rookies. It's exciting and invigorating to come out and teach but the fact that there's a certain level of talent here gets you excited about where we're going.”
— Jake Smolinski went 5 for 5 and was a triple shy of the cycle as the designated hitter for Single-A Stockton on Sunday. “That's a good day, right?” Melvin said with a grin. The outfielder continues to work his way back from a shoulder injury that was sustained in spring training.
President Donald Trump pumps his fist as he arrives at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg, West Virginia.
Evan Vucci, AP
A federal judge in Washington has tossed out a lawsuit claiming President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign conspired with Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee.
However, Judge Ellen Huvelle wrote that her ruling was "not based on a finding that there was no collusion between defendants and Russia during the 2016 presidential election."
The ruling came hours after the Senate Intelligence Committee said it agreed with U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government tried to undercut Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while promoting Trump during the 2016 presidential election.
Huvelle, an appointee of former President Bill Clinton, said the conspiracy claims in the lawsuit centered around meetings between Trump staffers and Russian operatives in New York, making New York the proper place for the lawsuit. New York, however, does not recognize the specific tort claims pressed in the suit.
The suit was filed on behalf of DNC donors Eric Schoenberg and Roy Cockrum and former DNC staffer Scott Comer. It claims the hack invaded their privacy, attempted to inflict emotional distress and violated their right to support the candidate of their choice.
More: Senate panel says Russia intervened in 2016 election to help Trump
More: House panel subpoenas FBI agent who wrote anti-Trump texts
The lawsuit alleges that computer hackers working on behalf of the Russian government hacked into the email systems of the DNC and obtained "voluminous amounts of data," including emails and other documents sent to and from thousands of individuals.
They claim the hack was "part of a deliberate campaign to interfere in the U.S. election and tilt its outcome in favor of Donald Trump" and that the Trump campaign, specifically former operative Roger Stone, conspired with unidentified Russian agents and WikiLeaks to publish hacked emails.
Almost 20,000 emails were published in July 2016, days before the start of the Democratic National Convention. Some suggested that the Democratic National Committee had been working behind the scenes to ensure Clinton was nominated over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz ultimately resigned under pressure amid the ensuing controversy.
Protect Democracy, which filed the suit, said it was examining its options regarding an appeal or refiling somewhere else.
"While we are disappointed in and respectfully disagree with today's decision from the District Court to dismiss this case on the grounds that it does not belong in Washington, D.C., this case is far from over," the group said in a statement.
U.S. intelligence agencies, in a 2017 report, wrote that Russian President Vladimir Putin "ordered an influence campaign backing Trump in the 2016 election. The report said Moscow had a "clear preference" for Trump and sought to undercut Clinton while also undermining the U.S. democratic process.
Trump has conducted an unrelenting social media attack on a separate, criminal investigation led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller into the allegations.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Mayor de Blasio boasted Friday that the number of potholes have dropped by more than 50 percent under his watch — and quickly found a skeptic in GOP rival Nicole Malliotakis.
The mayor announced that 207,306 potholes were counted on streets this year — down 53.4 percent from the 444,835 in 2014. He attributed the decline to a $1.6 billion, 10-year investment.
Malliotakis said her own experience led her to conclude the pothole problem hasn't improved much.
“Anyone who drives on city streets will tell you they're in disrepair,” she said.
DENVER — Josh McCown's broken left hand was covered with a white bandage. His feelings couldn't be so easily masked.
The leader of the New York Jets fought back tears when reflecting on the best season of his 15-year career and how it just might be over following a 23-0 loss to the Denver Broncos on Sunday.
“It's been the best because of the guys, not numbers, you know,” the 38-year-old McCown said. “It's been the best because of the group of men in the locker room. I'm just proud to be a part of it and I'm so thankful they let me be a part of this team.”
McCown took a hit from Shane Ray in the third quarter, rolled over the linebacker and either was bumped by a knee or a foot — he's not sure — but knew instantly it wasn't good. He headed toward the sideline before dropping to a knee. After a quick consultation with the trainers, he went straight to the locker room.
A blow for him in what's been a stellar season.
A blow for the Jets (5-8), whose slim playoff hopes took a major hit as they dropped another road game.
Bryce Petty figures to be in line to start next weekend in New Orleans. Provided, of course, McCown can't go. He's not ruling it out.
“We'll see what happens, but if I can finish, I'd love to finish,” said McCown, who has thrown for 2,926 yards and 18 TDs with nine interceptions this season. “We'll see what the tests (Monday) say.
“I'll do whatever I can to get ready to go.”
It was an abysmal day for a New York offence that managed only 100 yards and six first downs against Denver (4-9), which snapped an eight-game skid. The Jets were just 3 of 13 on third down.
“They had a good game plan,” coach Todd Bowles said. “They outcoached us. They outplayed us. They out-hit us and they beat us in every phase.”
McCown was banged up in the second quarter when he was scrambling for extra yards and took a hit from Aqib Talib, along with Jamal Carter. McCown got upholding his hip and Petty momentarily replaced him.
“That hurt pretty bad, but I was able to get it back loose where I felt good, felt like I could throw,” McCown explained. “I wanted to go back in there.”
On his first pass back, McCown tried to throw a deep ball to Robby Anderson, only to have it picked off by Darian Stewart .
Just the way things went for the Jets and McCown, who also fumbled and was sacked four times as he finished with a QB rating of 25.
“The slow start hurt us and obviously turnovers hurt us,” McCown said. “It's hats off to them to continue to fight especially considering where they're at with their record and everything.”
At the beginning of the season, the Jets weren't given much of a chance and even more so with two straight losses out of the gate. But McCown helped keep them competitive. That wasn't lost on his teammates.
“You never want to see a guy go down like that, especially with how hard he's worked all year,” tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins said. “I feel for him. It hurts us, but at the same time, we have guys who need to step up.”
Like Petty, who was 2 of 9 for 14 yards in place of McCown. Those could be some big cleats to fill.
“He played his butt off, he fought and fought and fought,” Petty said of McCown. “That is what you want in a leader, in a veteran guy. We get to see his grit day in and day out and his passion for it.”
McCown can't say one way or the other if he will play again this season. Not yet. He remains hopeful.
“Guys were fighting and when you can't be out there for your guys — that's the hardest thing,” McCown said. “It was just disappointing, and just hate that it went this way.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Netflix subscriber growth missed its mark in the first quarter of this year, unsettling investors despite strong earnings figures released last night.
The US-based on-demand television service reported a net increase of 4.95m subscribers, most of those overseas where it has been investing in becoming a global entertainment network.
In comparison, Netflix gained 7.05m subscribers in the prior quarter, raising expectations in the market.
"We have come to see these quarterly variances as mostly noise in the long-term growth trend and adoption of internet TV," Netflix said in a letter released along with the earnings figures.
The company expected it would add about 8.15m subscribers overall during the first half of this year as compared with 8.42m in the same period in 2016.
Netflix shares fluctuated in after-market trades that followed release of the quarterly earnings figures, remaining near the closing price of $147.25, which showed a gain for the day.
Netflix reported profit of $178m on revenue of $2.64 billion in the first three months of this year as compared with net income of $28m on revenue of $1.96 billion in the same period a year earlier.
The company described the opportunity for its service as "gigantic" and said it planned to continue investing in films and shows tailored to win fans in countries around the world.
"With a growing member base spread across the world, we seek to please diverse tastes with a wide breadth of content," Netflix said.
Netflix planned to spend a billion dollars this year on marketing aimed at attracting members.
Dr. Sylvia Olayinka Blyden, OOR:
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 11 December 2017
Sierra Leone's Western Area is the district most famous for swing voting. In 1996 and 2002 elections, the SLPP got the highest percentage of votes in the Western Area. In 2002, the SLPP got 60% of the Western Area votes.
By 2004 and on to pivotal 2007 elections, the APC had taken over Western Area. By 2012 due to the leverage brought by certain strategists and master politicians like Ernest Bai Koroma, the Western Area gave over 70% of its votes to APC.
What will happen in 2018? That is the focus of this article. Let us take a random constituency in the Western Area.
As is usual in Sierra Leone, most citizens vote for the same party, in both Presidential and Parliamentary elections.
So, assuming the All For All (444) voting pattern in 2018, then let's run my hypothesis, as in the title of this article. Six political parties can get the following results in the Western Area Constituency for both Presidential and Parliamentary elections:
Party A =38%, Party B =23%, Party C =19%, Party D =13%, Party E =5%, and Party F =2%.
Based on dictates of the Sierra Leone Constitution, the Party A candidate with just 38% is automatically elected to Parliament under the First-Past-The-Post system, even though 62% of the voters in that Constituency did not vote for Party A.
62% shared their votes among other party candidates, but since the Party A candidate got the highest percentage (38%), so he/she becomes the duly elected Parliamentarian.
What this means is that despite the advent of all the new ‘populist' parties, they still may not stand the chance of clinching any seat in the Western Area. The APC is most likely going to sweep all the seats – albeit with much lower percentages.
Similarly, vast majority, if not all of the seats in the North of the country could be won by APC even though APC's percentage wins may not be in high 65% to 90% range which APC candidates scored in 2012.
However, for an APC Presidential Candidate whose national total votes is less than 50%, then that APC candidate now has to go into a Run-Off election, since the 55% threshold was not met. That Run-Off election will be woefully lost if the opposition SLPP, ADP, NGC, C4C/PMDC and CDC gang up against APC for the Run-Off.
Footnote
I deliberately use 50% instead of 55%. Run-offs only need 50%+1. So if a party in the first round, already has above 50% but less than 55% threshold, the party is sure of winning the second round.
The bottom-line is that, under the 1991 Constitution which gives a First-Past-The-Post requirement for Parliamentary elections, but a 55% threshold for Presidential election, it means a political party can clinch the vast majority of seats in Parliament, even though its parliamentary candidates got unimpressive percentages – far less than even 40%.
Yet, despite their strong majority in Parliament, such party can still go on to woefully lose the Presidency in any ensuing Run-Off elections.
The concluding question is whether the ruling APC still stands tall in our strongholds? I have done a SWOT analysis of APC for the Western Area. I also confidently know the SWOT analysis of APC in Kissi Chiefdoms of Kailahun, where in 2012, we won a seat from SLPP's Tamba Sam.
Can my APC party retain our 70% strength in Western Area? Can we retain our Kissi seat in Kailahun? Food for deep thought.
I am predicting that the next general elections next March will produce spectacular democratic outcomes.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
With US missiles flying in Syria, the “mother of all bombs” exploding in Afghanistan and an aircraft carrier strike group heading toward North Korea, has there been a revolution in President Trump's foreign policy?
His most fervent supporters shouldn't get overly exercised and his interventionist critics shouldn't get too excited. What has been on offer so far is broadly consistent with the Jacksonian worldview that is the core of Trump's posture toward the world.
Trump's views are obviously inchoate. He has an attitude rather than a doctrine, and upon leaving office, he surely won't, like Richard Nixon, write a series of books on international affairs.
What we have learned since he took office is that Trump is not an isolationist. At times, he's sounded like one. His America First slogan (inadvertently) harkened back to the movement to keep us out of World War II. His outlandish questioning of the NATO alliance, an anchor of the West, created the sense that he might be willing to overturn the foundations of the post-World War II order.
This hasn't come to pass. It's not possible to be a truly isolationist president of the United States in the 21st century unless you want to spend all your time unspooling US commitments and managing the resulting disruption and crises. And such an approach would undercut the most consistent element of Trump's approach — namely strength.
His set-piece foreign-policy speeches during the campaign were clear on this. “The world is most peaceful and most prosperous when America is strongest,” he said last April at the Center for the National Interest. “America will continue and continue forever to play the role of peacemaker. We will always help save lives and indeed humanity itself, but to play the role, we must make America strong again.”
In direct contradiction to isolationism, he said repeatedly on the campaign trail that he would take the war to ISIS and build up our defenses. He even called himself — in a malapropism — “the most militaristic person you will ever meet.”
Now, there is no doubt that the Syrian strike is a notable departure for Trump, and he defended it in unapologetically humanitarian terms. But it's entirely possible that the strike will only have the narrow purpose of re-establishing a red line against the use of chemical weapons in Syria and re-asserting American credibility.
That is particularly important in the context of the brewing showdown with North Korea, which he roughly forecast in his speech last April. “President Obama watches helplessly as North Korea increases its aggression and expands further and further with its nuclear reach,” Trump said, advocating using economic pressure on China to “get them to do what they have to do with North Korea, which is totally out of control.”
The Tomahawks in Syria and saber-rattling at North Korea have Trump's critics on the Right and Left claiming he's becoming a neo-conservative — a term of abuse that is most poorly understood by the people most inclined to use it.
All neo-cons may be hawks, but not all hawks are neo-cons, who are distinctive in their idealism and robust interventionism.
We haven't heard peans to democracy from Trump, or clarion calls for human rights. He hasn't seriously embraced regime change anywhere (even if his foreign-policy officials say Assad has to go). He shows no sign of a willingness to make a major commitment of US ground troops.
Trump is a particular kind of hawk. The Jacksonian school is inclined toward realism and reluctant to use force, except when a national interest is clearly at stake. As historian Walter Russell Mead writes, “Jacksonians believe that international life is and will remain both violent and anarchic. The United States must be vigilant, strongly armed. Our diplomacy must be cunning, forceful, and no more scrupulous than any other country's.”
This tradition isn't isolationist or neo-conservative, and neither is Trump.
For many users, keyboard shortcuts are the bread and butter of a proficient workflow. If you're a Chrome OS fan, you're probably familiar with your Chromebook's popup keyboard that lists all the available shortcuts at your disposal.
If, by chance, you aren't privy to this little feature, go ahead and check it out for yourself and see what you've been missing.
You can call up the keyboard shortcut map by simply pressing Ctrl+Alt+? or check out the image below.
This is a handy little shortcut to access your shortcuts but it still leaves you hunting if a specific function is what you're looking for.
Chrome herald, François Beaufort has given us a sneak peek at not only a redesigned shortcut interface but one that adds a search feature that will help you find exactly what you need on the fly.
Currently being tested in the Canary channel of Chrome OS, the new layout looks to be quite polished already and I wouldn't be surprised to see it move up the ladder Stable in the coming weeks.
François also notes that the current keystroke to invoke the shortcuts will change to +?.
This, like many other updates, add to the increasing list of changes to create a more user-friendly Chrome OS experience.
Check Out Chrome Unboxed's Top Picks On Amazon
Source: Google+
By Amanda Wicks
Lady Gaga is among the list of artists who have signed an open letter urging the Texas Senate to reject recently filed anti-LGBTQ legislation.
Related: Watch Metallica & Lady Gaga's GRAMMY Performance, Now with Working Audio
Besides Gaga, Alicia Keys, Janelle Monae, Panic! At the Disco, Sia, Carly Rae Jepsen, Tegan & Sara, Bon Iver and more have added their names to the letter.
The letter criticizes Senate Bill 6, which would require people to use bathrooms associated with their biology rather than their gender, and in that way mirror North Carolina's House Bill 2. At the moment, local laws permit people to use bathrooms based on their gender. The bill's author Senator Lois Kolkhorst has stated it is intended to keep men from entering women's bathrooms. (via The Texas Tribune).
“It is up to you whether these bills will become law, and we are watching,” the letter states. “It is up to us to commit to doing everything within our power to make sure all of our fans, crews and fellow artists feel safe and welcome, where we go.”
Following HB2's passage, many artists, including Bruce Springsteen, canceled shows in North Carolina as a way to protest.
The teen had non-life-threatening injuries. (Source: Jobina Fortson/ WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A teen is recovering after being struck late Wednesday night.
Shortly after 11 p.m., a pedestrian was reported struck near Beecher Terrace at S 11th Street and Muhammed Ali Boulevard, MetroSafe said.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
The teen was taken to Norton's Children's Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
The vehicle did not stop at the scene according to MetroSafe.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call LMPD.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The keylogging type
We've got a couple digital security stories for you today. Let's get started with the news that a researcher looking to control the keyboard backlight on his HP laptop found some interesting bits of code in the machine's digital attic, including a keylogger program that could be utilized by hackers to sponge up information like passwords, login data and anything you type on the keyboard.
Tech Crunch says the keylogging code was inactive when it was found by the researcher, and that after he contacted H/P about it, the company quickly responded with an update to wipe it from the PC. Check the list of laptops affected, and that list includes the software update from H/P you should run right away if your machine is listed.
Watch your wallet
If you haven't heard, Bitcoin is going great guns these days, with the price for a single bitcoin topping $17,000. But a popular cryptocurrency management website called MyEtherWallet is fighting against an identically named app on Apple's app store. Even though the app has nothing to do with the website and has the exact same name as the website, it's still available for $5 because, so far, it hasn't been proven to be malicious in any way.
The folks who run the MyEtherWallet website tweeted that they did not create the app or have anything to do with it at all, calling those that did “scamtards.” The app creator does not link out to the website and, in the past, has only created a couple of fighting games that involve pandas. For now, we'd advise bitcoin owners to be extremely careful about how they manage their newfound wealth.
Propelling drone safety
This has been both the scariest, and also sort of fun job in the world: professional drone crash tester. Ok, it's not really a job as much as some tests being done by a team at Singapore's Nanyang Technological University, but still, purposefully crashing drones into stuff – included the heads of crash test dummies – sounds like a bit of somewhat dark fun to us. But that's what they're doing, and it's all in the name of safety, of course.
The team has been dropping drones, flying drones, and otherwise doing all the things you shouldn't do with drones to see how our delicate melons would fare if they got smacked by a medium-sized flying buzzsaw. After seeing crazy drone incidents like the famous ski race near-miss and other not so famous crashes, we think this is worthy research.
DT Daily extras: Take a look at a story from McLaren about the tech inside their insanely fast supercars, more on the new Snapdragon 845 chip and our fun gift guide for the tech lovers in your life. Clock's tickin'…
We've got more news on our Facebook page and YouTube channel, and be sure to tune in to this week's DT podcasts: Trends with Benefits (general tech shenanigans) on Thursdays, and Between the Streams (movie and TV topics) every Friday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A gunman shot and wounded members of the Republican team at a practice for Thursday night's annual congressional baseball game. Capitol police returned fire, killing the shooter.
Investigators just released new information about the shooting. They said that the gunman had a hand gun and a long gun at a park baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia, just across the Potomac from D.C.
He also says that Hodgkinson has a valid firearms owner ID.
The investigation is now shifting from, 'who is the gunman?' to 'why did it happen?'
FOX 4's Marcus Officer went to the FBU field office in Kansas City to find out what federal agents will do going forward.
Sadly, shootings of this magnitude are not an uncommon occurrence but experts say even though the shooter was killed, the investigation will be conducted as if he were to go to trial.
"In retrospect, we are going to see the signs of someone heading towards a mass shooting," said retired FBI Security Expert Michael Tabman.
Tabman has more than two decades of security experience.
He said we will quickly see warning signs 66-year-old James Hodgkinson displayed prior to Wednesday morning's shooting.
"If we talk to friends, we are going to see that this has been growing on him. These aggravations have been building on him. He is going to, again, feel like he'd been wronged somewhere," Tabman said.
Investigators said that Hodgkinson's social media pages were full of posts against President Trump.
Tabman said the shooting could be a trigger for other potential threats.
"Someone who is suffering from some form of mental dysfunctionality, when they hear about this, they start developing ideas in their head. They believe it's a calling for them to take some action, or they find some rationality for doing what they want to do," Tabman explained. "We worry about copycats. The threat of that diminishes with time but we have to worry about that. But we also have the optics."
Tabman said changes in security will be seen quickly.
"There will be an immediate change, we will see that. It'll probably be temporary because we have to look at the practicality of how much can we protect every congressperson when they are out there meeting the public or at any public gathering."
But he said this display of violence should not be something people turn to.
​
"It's shocking to think that another human being, irrespective of your political beliefs or how strongly you oppose the other party's position, would actually take out a weapon and harm innocent people," Tabman said. "We simply cannot tolerate violence as a reaction to things we don't like in the society that we cherish."
KNIGHTDALE, N.C. (WNCN) – A North Carolina man and his biological daughter face incest charges after warrants say they had a sexual relationship and planned to marry.
Katie Rose Pladl was born in January 1998 to Steven Walter Pladl and her mother and then legally adopted out of state.
When Katie Pladl turned 18, she used social media to reach out to her biological parents, according to warrants. After making contact with them, she moved to their home just west of Richmond, Virginia, in August 2016 and began to live with her biological parents and their two other children.
Steven Pladl and his wife legally separated in November 2016 and the wife moved out, warrants say.
The wife told authorities that Steven Pladl would sleep on the floor of Katie's room in the month before she moved out.
On May 23, 2017, Steven Pladl's wife read in the journal of one of her children that Katie was pregnant and Steven Pladl was the father.
Warrants say Steven Pladl told his other children to call Katie Pladl their step-mom.
Warrants also say the wife called Steven Pladl and asked him if he had impregnated their adult biological daughter. Steven Pladl told his wife he was the father of Katie's child and that they planned to marry.
On May 31, 2017, the Henrico County Child Advocacy Center interviewed the Pladl's two other children, who told the Center that they had been told Steven was the father of Katie's baby.
At some point after May 31, 2017, Katie and Steven Pladl moved to Wake County.
On Nov. 29, 2017, Henrico County police issued warrants for the arrest of Katie and Steven Pladl.
The Pladls were located at a home on Earlston Court in the city limits of Knightdale and arrested on Jan. 27.
A baby boy was with the Pladls when Knightdale police officers found them. Warrants say that baby was born in September 2017.
Both Steve and Katie Pladl are being held at the Wake County Detention Center pending extradition to Virginia.
They are both charged with incest with adult, adultery, contributing to delinquency.
Both were each issued a $1 million bond.
Steven Pladl has since been released on bond but Katie remains in jail, court records show.
They made their initial court appearance on Monday, warrants show.
Jordan was responding to a report by NBC News in which three former Ohio State wrestlers said it was common knowledge that Dr. Richard Strauss ─ who died in 2005 ─ abused team members while he was team doctor from the mid-1970s to the late 1990s. The wrestlers, two of whom were identified by name, said Strauss showered regularly with them and inappropriately touched them during appointments. The wrestlers said it would have been impossible for Jordan not to know what was going on. One said he told Jordan directly about the abuse.
The accusers said they came forward months ago, after the conviction earlier this year of former Olympics gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar. Ohio State announced in April that it was investigating the claims.
Jordan, a Republican leader of the House's conservative Freedom Caucus and a potential candidate to succeed retiring House Speaker Paul Ryan, was an assistant Ohio State wrestling coach from 1986 to 1994. He has repeatedly said he knew nothing of the abuse until the former students went public this year.
Ryan has said through a spokesman that the allegations were serious, and that he was waiting for the result of the university's investigation.
Jordan is expected to appear in public Wednesday at an Independence Day rally in Ohio.
His denials have angered the accusers, including former wrestler Mike DiSabato, who said he alerted Jordan earlier this year about his plans to go public, and that Jordan told him to keep him out of it.
“I considered Jim Jordan a friend,” DiSabato told NBC News. “But at the end of the day, he is absolutely lying if he says he doesn't know what was going on.
A spokesman for Jordan told NBC News that the congressman had not been contacted by investigators but would help them if they asked. But a law firm investigating the allegations for Ohio State said they'd tried contacting Jordan's office by email and phone, but he had not responded.
Jordan told Politico that his office couldn't find records of those inquiries, and reiterated his offer to help investigators.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheshire West and Chester Council is keen to improve housing standards across the private rented sector.
The Cheshire Landlord Accreditation Scheme was first set up in 2010, aiming to improve housing standards across Cheshire and Warrington and ensure that landlords and letting agents become part of a scheme that recognises good landlords and letting agents from bad ones.
The scheme was recently reviewed as part of a consultation exercise with landlords and letting agents.
Cllr Angela Claydon, Cabinet member for housing, said: “We are keen to work with the private rented sector to improve housing standards; we have listened to what landlords want from the scheme.
“They told us the scheme needed to be brought up to date to allow letting agents become accredited and there also needed to be more benefits available to those landlords and letting agents that joined the scheme.
“The scheme identifies landlords and letting agents who provide good housing management and property standards by giving them a market advantage over the non-accredited landlords. The scheme is free and is easy to join.”
Once accredited, landlords and letting agents will be able to access a range of benefits including: discounted repairs and maintenance services, reduced HMO fees, free ongoing advice and support, access to landlord training and events plus free advertising of vacant properties.
All landlords and letting agents who are part of the scheme will have demonstrated that they will provide tenants with a good quality home which is well managed. Tenants and prospective tenants are being urged to ask their landlord or letting agent if they are accredited with the scheme.
If you are a prospective tenant, you should look out for the schemes logo before you sign any tenancy agreement with a landlord or letting agent.
If you are a landlord or letting agent wishing to join the scheme and require further information, please email housingstandards@cheshirewestandchester.gov.uk or telephone: 0300 123 7038.
Diamondbacks think Yankees traded for the right guy again SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — The Diamondbacks have had infield depth — and that is why the Yankees have their starting left side of the infield. In December 2014 — as part...
One team just a step below MLB's Magnificent Seven SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Talk to a baseball executive or check the Vegas odds and it will be clear a Magnificent Seven has formed for 2018. The Indians, Nationals, Cubs and...
The 5 MLB contenders whose windows can slam fast The devastation of the Royals did not begin this offseason with the free agent departures of Lorenzo Cain, Eric Hosmer and — we presume at some point — Mike Moustakas. ­ That...
Yankees acquire 'pumped' Brandon Drury in 3-team deal TAMPA — Giancarlo Stanton fell into the Yankees' laps in early December and changed the complexion of the lineup. After two full-squad spring training workouts the Yankees on Tuesday filled...
A trade that would fit Derek Jeter's selfish mission Derek Jeter not only has orchestrated a slashing of the Marlins' payroll, he also now presides over what may be the thinnest baseball operations department in the sport. This comes...
Diamondbacks now involved in Rich Rodriguez defense Rich Rodriguez has at least one prominent Arizona bigwig in his corner for at least one of the many events that led to Rodriguez's former administrative assistant accusing him of...
Have these megadeals scared MLB into hot-stove freeze? The favorite pastime involving the national pastime has become examining why the free-agent market has moved so slowly. Early this offseason the traffic jam was often blamed on so many...
The starters Yankees could trade for — and what they would cost LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — At the press conference Monday to introduce Giancarlo Stanton, Yankees officials already were not only talking about what's next, but working toward acquiring it. This...
Yasiel Puig powers Dodgers to commanding series lead Yasiel Puig's bloop single didn't even drive in a run. He still flipped his bat , sprinted to first and triumphantly pointed back at his dugout, where the cheering Dodgers...
French President Emmanuel Macron was in Morocco Wednesday on a 24-hour visit for talks on battling terrorism as well as the Libyan conflict and Qatar's dispute with its Gulf neighbours.
As he stepped off the plane for his first visit to Morocco since his election in May, the French president, his wife Brigitte at his side, was welcomed on the tarmac by King Mohammed VI.
The king's wife, Princess Lalla Salma, and Crown Prince Moulay Hassan, 14, were also present at the airport to greet the French first couple, who were then driven to the royal palace for an hour of talks.
At a press conference following the talks, Macron said both France and Morocco were keen on mediating a solution to the diplomatic crisis in the Gulf.
"The king of Morocco shares our concern: France would like to see the countries talking again and for the Gulf to remain stable, not least because these states are stakeholders in the crises in Syria and Libya," he said.
"The king of Morocco has met with several of those involved, myself I have met all the leaders from the region," Macron said, adding that he would meet a senior leader from the UAE in Paris next week.
The French presidency earlier indicated Macron would meet separately with the emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, and the crown prince of the UAE, Sheikh Mohammad bin Zayed al-Nahyan, but later said "nothing was confirmed".
The United Arab Emirates severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on June 5, along with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and other countries, accusing the gas-rich Gulf nation of supporting Islamist extremism.
The crisis is the worst to grip the Gulf in years.
At the press conference the French president also touched on recent unrest in Morocco's northern Rif region, where dozens have been arrested as protestors clash with police over corruption and unemployment.
"The Moroccan king is concerned about the future of this region... the king believes it is legitimate for protests to take place and they are protected in the constitution," Macron said.
Mohammed VI never comments to journalists and did not attend the conference.
Also on Macron's agenda was the conflict in Libya, where the UN-backed government is struggling to impose its legitimacy.
The fight against radicalisation and terrorism would be at the centre of the talks between the two leaders, and Paris would like to "intensify" cooperation in that field, a French diplomatic source said ahead of the visit.
Moroccans, or people of Moroccan origin, are believed to be behind several attacks that have been carried out in Europe in the past two years.
After the talks Macron and his wife attended an iftar meal, to break the Ramadan fast, at the king's personal residency. The French president will spend the night in Rabat before flying back home Thursday.
Wells Fargo & Co.'s leaders deserve fatter paychecks after a tough year, according to investors.
Shareholders voted Tuesday 92.4 percent in favor of the bank's executive compensation plan, based on preliminary results released at Wells Fargo's annual meeting in Des Moines, Iowa. The outcome is a sign of support for management despite more than two hours of at-times heated commentary at the event.
This year's result is down from the 96 percent approval rate in 2017. Some critics of the bank expressed outrage last month, after the firm awarded Chief Executive Officer Tim Sloan a $17.4 million package for 2017, a 36 percent raise. Part of that reflected his first full year running the company after a promotion. Sloan, who started his presentation by bringing his son, daughter-in-law and two grandchildren on stage, had asked the board not to award him a bonus and most of his package was restricted stock.
Shareholders also approved the election of directors on the ballot, with every candidate receiving at least 89.9 percent support, according to the preliminary results.
So-called say-on-pay votes, although only advisory, give investors a chance to object if they view compensation plans as too generous based on executives' performance. A drop in support -- even if it's still a majority -- can prompt a board to retool incentives to ensure managers are held accountable. In some cases it may even hasten a change in leadership.
‘Not Enough!'
Before Wells Fargo's meeting, about 100 protesters from national and local groups entered the lobby of the Des Moines Marriott hotel after marching from the public library. They chanted “Not enough!” about the $1 billion fine regulators announced the bank would pay last week to settle consumer abuse complaints.
Read more about the $1 billion fine
The demonstrators were protesting a variety of issues, including the bank's financing of gun makers, jails and fuel pipelines. They held signs with slogans including “Stop Banking on Student Debt” and “Stop Banking on the backs of poor working class black and brown communities.”
Among the most contentious moments of the meeting was a discussion between Sloan and Jordan Ash, a researcher with the St. Paul Federation of Teachers, who urged the bank to stop doing business with the National Rifle Association and do more to reduce gun violence in the U.S.
Sloan said he declined to meet with the teachers because they made public a letter he sent in response to their concerns without asking his permission. He said after that, a direct meeting “didn't make a whole lot of sense.”
“What we've done is we've promised to engage with our customers that are in that industry. We've had very active dialogue,” Sloan said. “We don't think it's a good idea to allow banks to decide what products and services Americans buy.”
Swamp Draining
California State Treasurer and gubernatorial candidate John Chiang stood up three times to address Sloan, Chairwoman Elizabeth Duke and the board. Chiang said the bank has failed to adequately disclose how many Californians were harmed in the fake-accounts scandal, and said Sloan is the wrong person to lead the company.
The CEO “cannot drain the swamp -- he has become it,” Chiang said, prompting a response from Duke.
“I think he's the right CEO for Wells Fargo,” Duke said, citing his time with the company as an advantage and describing his commitment to change as “unwavering.”
— With assistance by Will Mathis
JERUSALEM — With a cease-fired declared Wednesday, Israel and Hamas appear to have pulled back from a fourth war after a day of intense rocket fire and airstrikes. But the situation could explode at any moment.
Tuesday's fighting was the heaviest since a 2014 war, with Palestinian militants firing scores of rockets and mortars into Israel, and Israel carrying out dozens of airstrikes in Gaza.
Both sides appeared to have accomplished some short-term goals. But the underlying issues that helped fuel the fighting remain in place.
Hamas, weakened by a decade-long blockade of Gaza, remains defiant and in distress. A confident Israel appears unrestrained by the United States or its Middle Eastern neighbours. Palestinian militants still have an arsenal of rockets and could potentially inflict damage or casualties in Israel, followed by Israeli retaliation.
Here's a look at the current state of play and potential for escalation.
——
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Eleven years after seizing control of Gaza from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Hamas is in trouble.
Gaza's economy has been battered by an Israeli-Egyptian blockade, imposed to prevent the group from arming. Three wars with Israel have brought widespread destruction, and the Islamic militant group has no close international allies to bail it out.
Frustrated with his inability to regain control of Gaza, Abbas has stepped up economic pressure on Hamas by cutting the electricity supply and reducing the salaries to tens of thousands of former civil servants in Gaza.
Running out of options and rejecting calls to disarm, Hamas has led a series of weekly mass protests along the Israeli border during the past two months to draw attention to Gaza's poor conditions and pressure Israel to ease the blockade.
Israel has fired live bullets and tear gas to break up the protests and prevent a mass breach of the border fence, killing over 110 Palestinians, the vast majority unarmed. Some of the Palestinian protesters hurled fire bombs, burned tires or tried to breach the fence, undermining Hamas' claims that the protests were entirely peaceful.
Israel says Hamas is responsible for the bloodshed, and accuses the group of using the demonstrations as a cover for attacks.
Still, Israel has come under heavy international criticism for its use of deadly force. But the protests have not succeeded in easing the blockade.
——–
HOW DID THINGS ESCALATE?
Earlier this week, Israel carried out a pair of deadly strikes on military posts belonging to Hamas and the smaller Islamic Jihad militant group, contending militants planted explosives and tried to break through the border to carry out an attack. Four militants were killed.
Early Tuesday, Islamic Jihad retaliated by firing a barrage of mortar fire into southern Israel near the Gaza border. Hamas later fired rockets for the first time since the 2014 war ended with an informal cease-fire.
The cross-border exchange lasted throughout the night, but both sides showed restraint. Israel targeted empty Palestinian military training and weapons sites, while the militants avoided use of powerful longer-range rockets capable of striking deeper into Israel. Both were signs that neither side wants to go to war.
——
WHAT DID EACH SIDE ACCOMPLISH?
The Palestinian militants, who accuse Israel of violating the terms of the 2014 cease-fire by targeting their military observation posts, believe they sent a powerful reminder that they still possess arsenals capable of disrupting the lives of hundreds of thousands of Israelis on the other side of the border.
“Israel used to initiate the strikes and end them unilaterally and impose new rules,” said Adnan Abu Amer, an independent analyst in Gaza. “This time the resistance took the initiative. … The resistance came out from this round in a superior position.”
From Israel's perspective, the military delivered a measured, but powerful response that made Hamas realize quickly that fighting is not in its interest. Israel did not signal that it is willing to ease the blockade.
——
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?
While Israel's military and the Palestinian militant groups flexed their muscles, little was resolved.
Any time Hamas or Islamic Jihad resort to firing rockets, they risk triggering a fierce Israeli response, especially if there are serious casualties on the Israeli side.
Israel's “Iron Dome” rocket defence system intercepted dozens of incoming projectiles on Tuesday. But the system is not fail-safe. One mortar shell landed next to an Israeli kindergarten shortly before it opened, and four Israelis were wounded by Palestinian fire.
It was not immediately clear if Islamic Jihad, a much smaller, Iran-backed militant group, acted independently Tuesday or at least had the tacit blessing of Hamas. At times, Islamic Jihad has pursued objectives that differ from those of Hamas.
Israel, meanwhile, appears to have made progress in defusing long-term threats posed by Hamas. Its air defences have largely mitigated the rocket threat, and its military has made great progress in destroying Hamas' system of attack tunnels along the border.
The Trump administration has shielded Israel from critics in Europe and the human rights community who say Israel's open-fire orders are illegal because they allow deadly force even when soldiers are not in life-threatening situations.
Israel has quietly forged good behind-the-scenes ties with Egypt and Gulf Arab states that have little empathy for Hamas, an offshoot of the regional Muslim Brotherhood movement.
But Israel's apparent military and diplomatic advantage does not solve the underlying problem of having a volatile, impoverished territory on its doorstep. Many analysts and members of the international community believe it is only a matter of time before Gaza boils over again as long as the blockade remains in place.
That could happen sooner than later. Next Tuesday, Hamas plans another mass protest along the border.
——
Associated Press writer Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, contributed to this report.
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says Rivers State has so far recorded the highest number of registered voters in the ongoing Continuous Voter Registration between April and September 2017.
Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, who stated this last Wednesday while speaking to journalists also revealed that Rivers State recorded about 151, 398 newly registered voters while Lagos State came second with 144, 076 and Ondo State recorded the lowest number with 29, 766.
Yakubu while giving a breakdown of the Continuous Voter Registration conducted between April and September 2017, said about 667, 103 persons registered to vote in the South-South geopolitical zone.
According to him, the zone comprises Rivers, Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Cross River, Delta and Edo states.
“The South-West came second with 532,172 persons registered to vote while the North-West, which has seven states, had a combined 477, 056 registered voters'', he said.
The Chairman also informed that the North-Central came in fourth with 374, 923 while the South-East which has five states recorded 352,942 voters, adding that in the North-East, 350,398 registered within the same period.
‘' In total, about 2, 786, 405 persons registered to vote between April and September. However, only 108, 752 had come forward to claim their cards'', he said.
Yakubu further disclosed that about eight million voter cards remain unclaimed, lamenting that out of the eight million PVCs were unclaimed nationwide, Lagos accounted for about one million.
He also said: “Lagos State still remain one state that has recorded the least collection of PVCs not in terms of numbers but in relation to the numbers that registered, stating that out of the eight plus million PVCs still uncollected nationwide, over a million are uncollected in Lagos.”
The INEC boss said the voter apathy in Lagos was worrisome as various strategies employed by INEC seemed not to be working.
He said the last two by-elections in Lagos had recorded very low turnout
SAN FRANCISCO — Leaders of the prestigious Silicon Valley venture capital firm Benchmark Capital on Monday posted an unusual letter in answer to an even more unusual question: Why did they sue the founder of Uber, a wildly successful portfolio company poised to make them billions of dollars?
It's the question that has Silicon Valley buzzing as at least three warring factions of Uber investors fight for control of the ride-hailing giant's board, in an all-but-unprecedented power struggle playing out in court, in the boardroom and in the media. Whoever wins will have a major role in shaping Uber's future — the board is responsible for choosing a chief executive to replace ousted CEO Travis Kalanick. But some experts worry that instead of helping to steer the rudderless company, the board's contentious infighting is sowing confusion and uncertainty among Uber's customers and shareholders, and putting its nearly $70 billion valuation at risk.
“This is so crazy,” said Vish Mishra, venture director at Silicon Valley-based Clearstone Venture Partners. “I've never seen anything like this before.”
Related Articles Uber's future uncertain after CEO Travis Kalanick booted out
How one woman's blog post led to the fall of a Silicon Valley titan
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick takes leave of absence as troubles plague company Benchmark Capital, one of Uber's most prominent investors, last week sued Kalanick for fraud, asking a judge in Delaware to kick him off the board and block him from appointing his allies as directors.
On Monday, in a public letter addressed to Uber employees, Benchmark acknowledged the lawsuit may exacerbate short-term uncertainty, but claimed recent “unusual circumstances” required “unusual action.”
“This isn't about Benchmark versus Travis,” the firm wrote. “It's about ensuring that Uber can reach its full potential as a company. And that will only happen if we get rid of the roadblocks and distractions that have plagued Uber, and its board, for far too long.”
Those roadblocks include ex-CEO Kalanick, who Benchmark claims has refused to withdraw from day-to-day operations of the company, and appears to be sabotaging the CEO search in order to create a “power vacuum” so he can return to the helm. The VC firm also claims Kalanick dragged his feet on making some of the changes recommended two months ago by former Attorney General Eric Holder and his team following an investigation into complaints of sexual harassment and other issues at Uber. Benchmark claims Kalanick failed to sign off on policies that would bring more diverse and independent directors to the board, and he and the company's leaders have yet to appoint an independent chairperson, reform Uber's cultural values or enable a new “tone at the top.”
The VC firm says it threatened to sue Kalanick more than a month ago, but held off to give him a chance to fulfill his responsibilities.
In response, Kalanick on Monday said he continues to “work tirelessly” with the board to hire a new CEO, refuting claims that he's angling to reclaim his old title.
“Like many shareholders, I am disappointed and baffled by Benchmark's hostile actions, which clearly are not in the best interests of Uber and its employees on whose behalf they claim to be acting,” a spokesman for Kalanick wrote in an emailed statement.
In a court filing Monday, Kalanick's lawyers wrote they will attempt to push the case out of public court and into private arbitration.
Kalanick isn't the only one upset by the Benchmark lawsuit. On Friday another group of investors, led by Shervin Pishevar of Sherpa Capital, launched a coup attempt to kick Benchmark off the board. The shareholders reportedly are demanding Benchmark sell at least 75 percent of its Uber holdings — thereby vacating its board seat — saying they have investors standing by waiting to buy them.
“Benchmark's investment of $27M is worth $8.4 billion today and you are suing the founder, the company and the employees who worked so hard to create such unprecedented value,” the group wrote, according to a copy of a letter obtained by tech and politics news website Axios. “We ask you to please consider the lives of these employees and allow them to continue to grow this company in peace and make it thrive. These actions do the opposite.”
To make matters more complicated, Japanese tech firm SoftBank also is rumored to be shopping for an Uber investment. If the company buys shares from Benchmark or another existing investor, it could further shake up the shareholder dynamic.
It appears the task of trying to keep things calm in the boardroom during this upheaval will go to early employee Ryan Graves, the chairman of Uber's board. Graves, who briefly served as Uber's CEO before Kalanick took over in 2010, last week announced he's giving up his role as senior vice president of global operations to focus exclusively on leading Uber's board.
But he has a tough task ahead of him. The board dynamics have devolved into a “mess,” said Harvard Business School professor William Sahlman, an expert on entrepreneurship and venture capital. The Benchmark lawsuit could cause trouble for Uber by potentially lowering its sky-high valuation, he said. But it also could backfire against Benchmark — its aggressive campaign against Kalanick could make other entrepreneurs hesitant to work with the firm, Sahlman said.
Nevertheless, he doesn't think Uber's recent board troubles will be the company's downfall.
“This is all going to settle down in the next few months,” Sahlman said, “and you're going to see a shift in ownership structure, but it won't have a material effect on the company.”
“The purpose of the health fair is to have different vendors come and explain to our seniors the different services that are available in this community,” said Mt. Juliet senior center director Tanya Graham.
Vendors received information about home health, elder law, physical health and other aspects of a senior's life.
“It's just a pressure-free environment where you can come and get information, take it home, absorb it and if you need to reach back out, you have those contacts,” Graham said.
Graham said everyday occurrences, such as phone scams, create difficulties for seniors to dissect authentic information and businesses. The health fair creates an environment that allows seniors to get information from trusted vendors at a trusted location, Graham said.
“This actually opens it up to where those discussions and contacts can happen, and there's not a scare of going to someone you don't know,” Graham said.
The fair can also allow serious discussions to start among loved ones.
“A lot of them have family that's here and they rely on family to take care of those needs. Sometimes, things kind of get overlooked in the day-to-day life. Sometimes, they've delayed planning or find themselves in a situation where it's at the point they need to start to consider assisted living or a nursing home, and they've got a spouse that's not quire ready for that phase,” Graham said.
Graham said the fair is designed to continue the group's mission to help local seniors.
For more information, visit mjseniorcenter.org.
Police said Herzberg was walking a bicycle across the street outside the crosswalk when she was struck.
Cameras on the SUV captured video footage of the accident from both inside and outside the vehicle, Tempe Police Sgt. Ronald Elcock told reporters during a press conference Monday night.
- Advertisement -
“It will definitely assist in our investigation,” he said.
The driver, who was not controlling the vehicle at the time of the accident, was identified as Rafael Vasquez, 44.
Hours after the crash, Uber announced the suspension of all tests of its autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh, Phoenix, San Francisco and Toronto.
“Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona,” Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted. “We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened.”
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
A Twitter account for Uber's communications department said the ride-sharing company is cooperating with Tempe police.
Tempe Mayor Mark Mitchell released a statement saying that the city will investigate the accident.
“The City of Tempe has been supportive of autonomous vehicle testing because of the innovation and promise the technology may offer in many areas, including transportation options for disabled residents and seniors,” Mitchell said in the statement. “Testing must occur safely. All indications we have had in the past show that traffic laws are being obeyed by the companies testing here. Our city leadership and Tempe police will pursue any and all answers to what happened in order to ensure safety moving forward.”
Self-driving cars have been hailed by technology companies as the wave of the future. Autonomous cars are already being tested in more than 30 cities around the world, with companies plowing more than $80 billion into research and development.
Self-driving cars work by using complex radar systems to observe the road, objects and other cars. That data is then fed into a computer that decides what the car should do next. Proponents of the technology have claimed that self-driving cars will make transportation safer.
[embedded content]
“Everyone recognized that someone was going to die in a crash involving an autonomous vehicle eventually,” Bryant Walker Smith, a law professor at the University of South Carolina who studies risks in automated driving systems, told NBC News.
“As good as that technology tries to be, mistakes can happen, or it may be one of the small fraction of crashes that cannot overcome the laws of physics and be avoided.
“I just think everybody kind of hoped that one wouldn't come this soon.”
Smith added that because federal and state agencies don't have the resources to monitor individual vehicles, the onus for safety falls on the individual companies running the technology.
Self-driving cars have been involved in accidents before, including in Tempe. Uber previously suspended its testing in March 2017 after one of its autonomous cars was involved in an accident.
The National Transportation Safety Board announced that a four-person team has been sent to Tempe to investigate the crash.
42 kilos coke bust…Two Guyanese plead guilty in Bajan court to cocaine trafficking
Barbados (Barbados Today) -Four men, two of them Guyanese nationals, appeared in the No. 5 Supreme Court yesterday to answer drug charges dating back to 2011.
Ryan Oneal Nowell, of Maxwell Avenue, Black Rock, St. Michael; Michael Clarence Forde of Road View, St. Peter; and Guyanese Surain Persaud and Andrew Edwin McLennon are jointly charged with possession and trafficking of 42.2 kilogrammes of cocaine on March 31, 2011.
Forde is also separately charged with knowingly permitting the handling of cocaine to take place on premises of which he was in charge, at #304 Pomegranate Road, Sunset Crest, St. James.
Forde and Nowell told the court presided over by Madam Justice Jacqueline Cornelius, they were not guilty of the charges against them, while McLennon and Persaud admitted to their offences.
A fifth man, Davanand Outar, from Guyana, who is also facing the drug possession and trafficking charges, was not present in the dock with the other accused who are represented by Andrew Pilgrim, Q.C.
When the Prosecutor, Principal Crown Counsel Elwood Watts, enquired of his whereabouts, Station Sergeant Clyde Gibson who had warned the accused for court said he could not find a Barbados address for Outar.
Sergeant Gibson also said he had received information that Outar, who was granted B'dos$175,000 (US$87,500) bail back in December 2011, was not in the island.
Justice Cornelius then ordered that a summons be sent for Outar's surety to attend court.
Meantime, Watts outlined the facts of the case involving Persaud and McLennon who were found at the Sunset Crest address when police executed a search warrant there.
The court heard that when police went to the residence, they could hear the persistent sound of hammering coming from the house, but no one responded to their calls or knocks.
They entered the residence and saw two men in a bedroom. When the officers searched the room, they found cocaine in wooden pallets.
In a statement to police, McLennon revealed that a taxi man picked him up after he arrived in the country by air on March 20, 2011.
He said he was taken to the house in Sunset Crest where he was met by a man whom he had known for over a year and another whom he had seen in Guyana.
McLennon said he was told to help with the removal of packages from the pallets. He was apprehended when police executed their search warrant.
Persaud, in his statement, said he was also dropped off at the house and while there he was given a mallet and chisel to help remove the packages.
The two men, who have been on remand ever since the raid, are not known to the law courts in Barbados.
Justice Cornelius adjourned their case to March 3, at which time she is expected to have pre-sentencing reports as well as reports on their time spent on remand. Nowell and Forde will return to court on May 22.
In what they're calling "Cop Pool Karaoke," Officers Stephen McNulty and Kim Tavares discuss the upcoming Fourth of July holiday on the video before belting out a stirring rendition of "God Bless America."
Video of Cop Pool Karaoke - God Bless America
Project info
Everything starts about a hundred years, in 1915, when the New Colorado Gold Prospecting Syndicate, consisting of a Mr Jim Hutchison, his 14 years old son William and two other men had been unsuccessfully prospecting for gold out in the middle of nowhere in South Australia. The young Willie had been left in camp to look after their supplies but disobeyed orders and wandered off to search for water around the foothills of a nearby range. There was a degree of apprehension among the men when he failed to turn up after dark. But a short time later, he strode into camp with a grin on his face. Over his shoulder was slung a sugar bag full of opal. Now this was a very fortuitous find for the young William - not only did he come across the opal, but he also discovered something equally precious out there - a supply of fresh water. This was on the 1st February 1915 - 8 days later, they pegged the first opal claim. The catalyst for the existence of the future town of Coober Pedy had been discovered. Word of the find spread quickly and by the middle of 1916, miners had moved to the area. Young Willie did not live long enough to see the fruits of his discovery and see what this place was going to become. He drowned five years later while driving cattle across the Georgina River, on the Birdsville Track.
Today in Coober Pedy, the work is secluded. Climatic conditions almost unbearable. Each prospecting gives place to an uninterrupted broom of machines of all kinds and noises coming to populate the emptiness of the land. In an iterative way, men dig white mountains to draw most of the time only a few precious dust. The Australian town of opal is isolated on the edge of the red lands of the Outback. The hamlet experienced the golden age of rock mining in the 60s to 80s, when the price of diesel was cheap. Today, the mining enclave seems totally disaster-stricken. And yet, some of its inhabitants have taken up residence underground, in artifact concretions called dug-out. The population is the guardian of myriad holes like as many thousand stories. It is estimated that around 750,000 to 3 million holes have been dug around the city. The town tries hard to reconvert itself in the tourism by forging a past and hosts from time to time shooting of international films: Until the end of the world, Mad Max: beyond thunderdome, The Werner Herzog's country where green ants dream, David Twohy's Pitch Black. Coober Pedy makes a clean sweep of personal past to create a collective story.
* « The White Man's Hole » is the second chapter of a project titled « Outback Mythologies » consisting of six chapters all taking place in the so-called Australian Outback. Two chapters out of six have been made so far.
The Tahoe-Pyramid Bikeway is still a work in progress, but the sections that are open offer an opportunity to enjoy inspiring hikes and bike rides along rarely accessed terrain. The project, which was the brainchild of Janet Phillips, received enthusiastic support when she first proposed the idea in 2003. Due to issues with private landowners and public entities, Phillips's dream encountered obstacles; but, year by year, more of the trail has been either improved or opened. The Tahoe-Pyramid Bikeway will stretch for 116 miles from Tahoe City to Pyramid Lake when completed.
The section of the Tahoe-Pyramid Bikeway in the Truckee River Canyon between Floriston and Farad is only 4 miles roundtrip, but there is much natural beauty and history to enjoy. The trail parallels the Truckee River and at times runs along the bank, offering one an opportunity to cool one's feet in its refreshing water. Cottonwoods and willows abound in the moist riparian environment while the arid mountain ridges towering above sport mostly sagebrush and scrub pine.
The trail can be accessed at either end, but the easiest parking is at Farad. Take Interstate 80 to the Farad exit about 14 miles east of Truckee. From there the trail runs upriver. Parking is on the south side of I-80.
The hike starts at the old Farad Hydroelectric Power Plant built in 1899. (A farad is a unit of electrical capacitance named after the brilliant British scientist Michael Faraday, who established the basis for electromagnetic physics.) To generate power, a large wooden flume was constructed to divert water from the Truckee River upstream at Floriston to the power plant. The gravity-assisted flow down the flume drove the turbines at Farad. The Floriston diversion dam and parts of the flume itself were destroyed in a January 1997 flood, but much of the flume remains intact and the trail meanders along this example of early industrialization. The Farad facility's 2.5-megawatt capacity not only once powered western Nevada mining operations, but also provided lighting for Reno, Carson City and Virginia City.
Cottonwoods and willows abound in the moist riparian environment while the arid mountain ridges towering above sport mostly sagebrush and scrub pine.
The Truckee River Canyon has a long history as an important transportation corridor with a major highway and railroad, but except for one stretch underneath Interstate 80, traffic noise on the trail is abated by the rushing waters of the Truckee River. On the approach to Floriston, you'll see a destroyed diversion dam in the Truckee River, but there is virtually no evidence of the huge Floriston Pulp and Paper Company mill that went into operation there in 1899. The paper mill produced book, writing and manila paper types along with thin tissue wraps for oranges and other fruits. There was also a machine that made “raisin tray,” a paper tray to lay harvested grapes on so they could dry in the sun to become raisins.
Mill construction required 3 million board feet of lumber and 1.5 million bricks that were burned in local kilns. A sidetrack was built from the railroad to the plant and 25 structures were erected to house the work force. It was a huge project that cost $500,000 dollars, but took only 90 days to complete. When finished, it was the largest pulp mill west of the Mississippi. The job represented the largest lumber contract awarded to Truckee lumbermen since the Comstock bonanza years. The hydroelectric generation plant at Farad provided electricity to run the whole operation.
In 1920, an aerial tramway was built. The tramway's steel cable extended nearly 9,000 feet from a nearby mountain peak down to a terminal near the railroad tracks. The aerial line was operated by gravity as buckets loaded with wood soared out of the sky. It became a ski lift when mill manager Roy O. Young rode up in a bucket and skied back down.
The project was a huge economic boost, but came with immediate environmental costs. The pulp mill discharged up to 150,000 gallons of acidic waste directly into the Truckee River every day. Fish died and witnesses in Reno reported that the river water consisted of a “blend between black and brown with soapy bubbles covering the surface.” It was said that you could tell what paper was being made at any given time by the color of the river. After years of litigation, the pulp mill closed in 1930 and was dismantled. Some residents in Floriston still live in the same houses built for the workers.
Information and maps may be found at tpbikeway.org.
A driver fell asleep at the wheel in Brooklyn and struck a tree Wednesday morning, critically injuring an active military member, police and sources said.
The crash happened at about 7:30 a.m. on Flatbush Avenue near the Marine Park golf course in the south Brooklyn neighborhood.
The 21-year-old driver apparently fell asleep at the wheel, and the black sedan he was operating smashed into a tree, police said. A 24-year-old back-seat passenger was critically injured and taken to NYU Langone Hospital-Brooklyn.
The driver and a 23-year-old male passenger and two female passengers were also rushed to area hospitals, police said. They are expected to survive.
All three men are active-duty military and were on assigned leave, police sources said.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is to meet French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris on Tuesday 5 May. Despite disagreements over the Iran nuclear deal and the killing of over 100 Palestinian protesters in Gaza, the trip will see the launch of the France-Israel Season 2018.
Netanyahu, who visited Macron at the Elysée presidential palace on 10 December last year, will join the French leader in launching the season of cultural and scientific exchange, which will see 400 events in both countries.
In the evening they will attend the opening of an exhibition entitled Israel@Lights at the Grand Palais gallery on Paris's Champs Elysées.
Prime Minister Edouard Philippe was due to launch the France-Israel Season during a trip on 31 May and 1 June but the visit was cancelled due to "the work of the government".
The cancellation came after Israeli troops fired on a series of protests at the Gaza border, which have seen at least 118 Palestinians killed and thousands injured, according to Gazan health officials.
The protests reached their peak on 14 May, the day that the US transferred its embassy to Jerusalem, a move that was welcomed by Israel but criticised by France and other European countries.
France and Germany have also criticised Donald Trump's decision to pull the US out of the Iran nuclear deal, another decision enthusiastically welcomed by Netanyahu.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – Amazon is exploring a technology first developed for the U.S. Military to produce tasty prepared meals that do not need refrigeration.
Reuters reports that world's biggest online retailer has discussed selling ready-to-eat dishes such as beef stew and vegetable frittata as soon as next year.
The dishes would be easy to stockpile and ship because they do not require refrigeration and could be offered cheaper than a restaurant.
For more on this story and other stories making headlines in the business world, click on the video.
The Evolution of Solar Power is the result of a cooperation between SolarPower Europe and renewable energy software company Greenbyte. The interactive map reveals the cumulative installed solar power capacity per country, continent and the world between 1992-2017. Now let's dig into some of those figures and see what has happened in the past twelve months.
More Headlines Articles
Established solar power nations China and USA kept their impressive growth with over 25% new capacity added in 2017 respectively. Also notable in 2017, China crossed the 100 GW mark in installed solar power capacity.In Europe, France and Germany also kept their steady growth, adding respectively 1 and 2 GW. With over 43 GW installed, Germany remains Europe's biggest player when it comes to solar, followed by Italy with over 19 GW and the UK which added almost 1 GW in 2017, totaling over 12 GW.Worth mentioning in Europe, Hungary and Poland which doubled their respective installed capacity in 2017, totaling almost 500 MW and 400 MW of solar installed capacity. The Netherlands also followed an impressive growth, up 32%, with over 800 MW installed in 2017.2017 was also an excellent year for Asia as India and Japan hit the ground running adding over 8, 000 MW of solar power capacity respectively in 2017 and now reaching 15 605 MW and 50 750 MW.Other countries that experienced significant growth in installed solar power capacity last year were Turkey up 60% to 1920 MW, Sweden up 41%, Mexico up 37%, Cyprus up 30% and South Korea up 22% to 5550 MW.Try the Evolution of Solar Power map. Interested in wind power? Check out the Evolution of Wind Power map.About GreenbyteGreenbyte makes the industry leading independent renewable energy management systems Breeze and Bright - used globally by wind energy and solar PV owners, operators and asset managers to capture the full potential of renewable energy projects. Power plants are remotely connected to Greenbyte's software via on-site SCADA systems - resulting in a single powerful tool to monitor, analyze, plan and control diverse renewable energy portfolios of any size. Currently over 12GW of renewable energy across 5 continents and 25+ countries are monitored in Greenbyte's software. www.greenbyte.com
Video
A man suspected of ploughing a rental van into pedestrians in Toronto has now been charged by police.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Golan Regional Council has launched an initiative to collect items for children and humanitarian aid for Syrian refugees fleeing the conflict in southern Syria.
Hundreds of thousands have been forced flee their homes and villages to the buffer zone near Israel's Golan border as fighting between the Assad regime and the rebels intensifies.
“The refugees have arrived [at the buffer zone] without basic equipment for proper survival,” said Golan Regional Council head Eli Malka. “In addition to the humanitarian activities that the IDF has been carrying out in recent days , I have decided to open a center for collecting supplementary equipment in order to enable the refugees to exist in a humane manner.”Malka explained that in the coming days there will be a mobilization and collection of items in each of the communities, and from there it will be taken to the council's center and transferred to the IDF, which will give out the aid and items to Syrian refugees.“We would love any families in the Golan to make sealed bags for a Syrian child with toys and small toys, coloring pages, crayons and sweets that will not melt, to provide them with a moment of sweet and sweet joy.“These are our neighbors and we see this as a mitzvah to help them in times of trouble,” said Malka. “Thank you in advance to anyone who joins this mission.”There was also a call for baby bottles, pacifiers, clothes, shoes, and other such things for the refugees.Within hours the council's Facebook post had been shared nearly 200 times and liked over 400 times with people from across the country volunteering to donate items including from Jerusalem, the Galilee and Tel Aviv.The Golan Regional Council, which is made up of about 32 Israeli villages and towns, has repeatedly appealed for urgently-needed items such as blankets, non-perishable food, toys and clothes.A Facebook post in response appealed to the residents of Rehaniya in the Haifa area and Kafr Kama in the lower Galilee on Wednesday to take part in the initiative, giving residents until Saturday to drop off items that will assist the refugees.“The children's toys or gift bags will be donated to comfort the [Syrian] children who are going through such a difficult period,” the post said, adding that on Sunday a truck would arrive and take them to the councils' center in the Golan Heights.People volunteered from Kibbutz Dan, offering to donate a box filled with games, adding that “we also translated a few games into Arabic. We will be happy to donate games in Arabic.”All the aid collected by the council will be transferred to the IDF, who in turn, will deliver it to the refugees.Last week, the IDF transferred humanitarian aid as part of a special operation, which took place over several hours. Three hundred tents were transferred along with 13 tons of food, 15 tons of baby food, medical equipment and medicine and 30 tons of clothing and footwear.This humanitarian aid was specifically transferred by the IDF to camps where Syrians fleeing hostilities are residing in the southern and central Syrian Golan Heights.
There are a few theories that might have some truth to them, but nobody can quite put their finger on what, exactly, it is that makes the Islanders such a threat at Barclays Center this season.
They're not complaining, though, especially after their latest win, 3-1 over the Capitals on Monday night in Brooklyn.
The Capitals entered Monday in second place in the Metropolitan Division, but the Islanders joined them there by the end of the night, picking up two points and improving to 9-1-2 at home this season.
The win kicked off a stretch of home cooking around the holidays for the Islanders, who play seven of eight at Barclays Center through Christmas.
Coming off a tough four-game road trip, the Islanders didn't take long to welcome themselves back home with an early lead courtesy of some slick passing.
Facing the boards with a defender behind him, Jason Chimera slid a backhanded pass to Cal Clutterbuck, who then got off a shot on net. It deflected off goalie Braden Holtby, but Brock Nelson was there on the other side of the net to scoop up the rebound, deke and calmly poke the puck into the back of the net to make it 1-0 at 2:36.
Anders Lee thought he had made it 2-0 later in the first period, but the goal was waved off. Lee's initial point-blank shot got stuck under Holtby's blocker pad, and after multiple attempts to jam it home, the puck finally crossed the line. Coach Doug Weight challenged the ruling, but the call stood since Lee pushed Holtby's pad to get the puck into the net.
A real 2-0 lead came just 36 seconds into the second period. Calvin de Haan back-handed a cross-ice pass through the crease and Andrew Ladd one-timed it home.
Just 58 seconds later, the Islanders ended Holtby's night. Josh Bailey found John Tavares open in front of the net, with Holtby out of position, and the captain made it 3-0 with an easy finish.
As the Islanders celebrated, Philipp Grubauer skated onto the ice to replace Holtby in net.
The Capitals put a late blemish on goalie Jaroslav Halak's otherwise strong night as Dmitry Orlov fired a shot off a two-on-one break to ruin the shutout with 11:37 left in the game.
The famous founder of the International Adult Magazine, Playboy, Hugh Hefner has died at the age of 91. His death was announced by the Play Boy Enterprises Inc. which said the 91 year-old passed away peacefully in his home from natural causes.
In his reaction, Cooper Hefner, his son said he would be “greatly missed by many”. He paid tribute to his father's exceptional and impactful life as a media and cultural pioneer, calling him an advocate for free speech, civil rights and sexual freedom.
Hugh Hefner began publishing Playboy Magazine in his kitchen at home in 1953. Playboy became the largest selling men's magazine in the world shifting seven million copies a month at its peak.
The trail blazing magazine helped make nudity respectable in mainstream publications and made him a multi millionaire. It spawned a business empire that include casinos and nightclubs.
Hefner became famous for throwing huge parties at luxurious mansions in his later years as he grew to live with more than six playboy mansion models.
Hugh Hefner was born into a strict Methodist family in Chicago. He rebelled, spectacularly producing the first issue of Playboy. The widely acclaimed magazine was adorned with Marilyn Monroe as its first centre fold, the magazine was an instant hit.
It's huge sales were driven by glossy colour picture of nude ‘playmates', but it also developed a reputation for fine writing. Norman Mailer, Kingsley Amis and Ray Bradbury were among its contributors.
Hugh Hefner lived the lifestyle portrayed in his Play boy magazine. His Playboy mansion in Los Angelese where he died surrounded by friends, epitomised an adolescent dream.
He claimed to have slept with more than 1000 women and has a reality TV show that has become more popular than any nude or sex tape.
He was attacked by feminists accused of reducing women to sex toys, but he styled himself as the “Godfather of the sexual revolution”.
Meanwhile, the world has reacted to the death of the lifestyle icon. Celebrities around the world have paid homage to the man who was famous for his wild parties at the Playboy mansion and iconic sexual lifestyle magazine.
In honour of Hefner, here are ten things you didn't know about the Playboy founder.
Hugh Hefner served in the armed forces during World War II as a clerk and writer for a military magazine/newspaper.
Hugh Hefner does not own the famous Playboy mansion. While he was alive, he lived in the mansion, but he was no longer the owner of the property. Playboy enterprises actually own the building and recently placed it on sale at $200m.
Despite the sale, the company stated that Hefner had to be allowed to live there.
Hugh Hefner bought plot next to Marilyn Monroe. He was a huge fan of the late legendary actress, Marilyn Monroe. She was even the first cover girl of playboy magazine that later featured others stars.
His love for her made him decide that he would love to spend the rest of her life beside her. Hugh bought the burial plot next to Monroe and would be buried there.
Hugh Hefner kept the Holly wood sign alive. He was also a philanthropist which dates back to the late 70s when the famous Hollywood sign in California came down due to termite infestation. Hugh raised the money needed to bring it back up again.
Israel has betrayed a large segment of the Jewish people, Ephraim Halevy a former Mossad chief and a past head of the National Security Council said on Monday at a session of the World Jewish Congress at the King David Hotel in Jerusalem.
Halevy, who was closely involved in bringing Soviet and Ethiopian Jews to Israel, spoke at a breakfast session titled “Israel-Diaspora relations 70 years-on,” hosted by the WJC and its subsidiary, the Israel Council on Foreign Relations (ICFR).
“Israel betrayed them by taking strict rules of conversion, which had not been used when Ezra and Nehemiah came back from Babylon with children whose mothers were not Jewish,” he said.No one asked the people who came from Auschwitz and Majdanek for documents that proved their Jewishness, Halevy said. “Hitler was sufficient proof that they were Jews.”Referring to Russian immigrants and others – many of whom have served in the army, some losing their lives in the process – he said the government and the Knesset cannot turn their backs on such people on the basis of Jewish identity.Jerusalem-born ICFR president Dan Meridor, a former cabinet secretary and government minister, declared that the issue was not a discussion between Jewish communities. Although there are Jews in Israel he said, “Israel is not a Jewish community, it is a state.”He then asked the question that begged itself: “So what is the role of Jews in the Diaspora?”Supplying his own answer, Meridor, a former finance minister, compared the situation to a company in which the executive board makes all the decisions and Jews in the Diaspora have the option to buy shares.He recalled that when the first trickle of Jews came out of Soviet Russia, America offered to grant them citizenship as stateless people. This greatly annoyed Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir. Along with Meridor, Shamir traveled to the United States to speak to then-secretary of state George Schultz about abrogating such legislation. Ever since the establishment of the State of Israel, Shamir insisted, there was no such thing as a stateless Jew. If Jews later wanted to go to other countries, that was their prerogative, but they had to so via Israel first, Shamir told Schultz, who understood and agreed. One result of that meeting was that many Soviet Jews who might have otherwise chosen to go elsewhere, came to Israel and stayed.
The public will have to wait another decade for self-driving Ubers. But autonomous vans are already delivering groceries.
Credit: Udelve
Self-driving cars and trucks are everywhere, it seems. Especially in the news.
We were inundated this week with media reports about huge progress on the autonomous vehicle front.
The press reported that Google — I mean Waymo — ordered “thousands” of minivans to build a fleet of autonomous vehicles that will ferry members of Waymo's “early rider program.” The company — Alphabet's self-driving car startup that used to be part of Google — is already ferrying passengers around a small neighborhood in Phoenix — and with no drivers in the cars. Self-driving cars are also carrying passengers in Boston, Pittsburgh and elsewhere.
Even Apple reportedly expanded its experimental fleet from three to 27 vehicles.
Meanwhile, the Canadian company Suncor Energy said it plans to eliminate around 400 heavy-equipment operator positions over the next six years and introduce a fleet of self-driving trucks for oil sand mining. The trucks can mine 24 hours a day, except for when they're adding fuel.
Will all this autonomous-vehicle news happening in a single week, surely self-driving cars are just around the corner, right?
Not so fast.
What will slow down autonomous Ubers
A Silicon Valley startup claims to be the world's first real-world application of autonomous driving. If the claim is true, it beat Waymo, Tesla, Apple, the global car industry and all the other Silicon Valley startups.
The startup is called Udelv. This week it delivered groceries to two customers of a local store called Draeger's Market. The delivery van drove autonomously from the store to the customers' houses, although (as required by California law) a “safety driver” sat in the driver's seat during the delivery.
I talked to Udelv CEO Daniel Laury, and he told me the delivery was “a huge milestone.” Draeger's Market deliveries go online to the public “next week,” according to Laury.
The “milestone” Laury refers to is commercialization.
He's saying that Udelv is the first company to actually use autonomous vehicles for a service that's paid for by a customer (in this case, the grocery store).
Udelv's model shows how autonomous deliveries could work on a massive scale.
Its custom, proprietary electric vehicles are basically robotic lockers. Each van has 18 lockers that can carry a collective weight of 700 pounds. When the van gets within a few minutes of a customer's house, that customer receives an alert via the company's free app (currently available on iOS, with the Android version coming soon, according to Laury).
Once the van arrives, customers use the app to unlock the compartment that holds their groceries.
The Udelv fleet is monitored by a control room of humans, who can take over in “unique situations” and drive the vans by remote control if necessary.
Udelv monetizes with a simple model. It charges companies to make deliveries. Its goal is to cut the cost of deliveries in half, according to Laury.
Udelv also plans to expand beyond Silicon Valley and seek out autonomous-vehicle-friendly states to set up shop in.
Another interesting autonomous-delivery company emerged into partial sunlight this week. A secretive Silicon Valley startup called Nuro unveiled its electric self-driving vehicles, and they're pretty extreme looking.
Nuro Nuro's self-driving, custom delivery vans enhance safety by being much lighter, narrower and slower than an average passenger car.
Nuro vehicles are about as long from front to back as an SUV, but they're skinny and light. Nuro vans are about 3.5 feet wide, and weigh about 1,500 pounds — a fraction of what an average car weighs.
Nuro cars can carry about 250 pounds total, and they can carry a variety of things, from groceries to dry cleaning to Amazon packages.
The company, which plans to be in operation no later than this year, is currently in talks with several retailers, according to press reports.
Why delivery beats taxis
The best measure of progress toward our self-driving automotive future may be the California DMV's annual “disengagement” report.
The state of California allows autonomous car and truck testing, but requires “safety drivers” — a human driver who can quickly take over the driving if the autonomous systems fail.
“Disengagement” is when a human takes over. The DMV's disengagement report year over year shows progress in the ability of self-driving cars to drive without intervention. For example, the report reveals that Waymo now averages around one engagement for every 5,555 miles driven — an improvement over 2016.
However, if Waymo's vehicles were on the same test routes and carrying passengers without a safety driver, there would be an accident or problem every 5,555 miles — which isn't acceptable.
In other words, that rate of disengagement tells us that self-driving cars are significantly more dangerous right now than cars driven by people.
In circumstances where Waymo and others are actually carrying passengers without drivers, the routes are limited to tiny neighborhoods with clear street patterns that have been heavily mapped and tested by Waymo.
Meanwhile, self-driving delivery vans are already ready for prime time, and for four reasons:
Delivery vans can take the time to cope with road scenarios that confuse A.I. They can drive slowly, stop, take time to process the scene, even call for human help. Passengers wouldn't tolerate these stops and slowdowns. They don't put passengers at risk because there are no passengers. They also reduce risk for people outside the vehicles — pedestrians, bicyclists and other motorists. The reasons are that delivery vans can be slower, smaller and lighter. Nuro vehicles weigh a fraction of the weight of an average car, and they're way skinnier. These facts reduce both the likelihood of accident (say, striking a bicyclist passing in the car's lane) and the impact should an accident occur. They can operate at optimal times. While passenger vehicles might have maximum demand during rush hours, delivery vehicles can choose the best times for delivery.
The fact is we're at least a decade away from fully autonomous passenger cars that can go anywhere regular cars can go. But self-driving delivery vans are already serving customers.
That should serve as a wake-up call to enterprises that make deliveries.
The time to investigate this new technology is now. The opportunities for small, slow delivery vehicles are huge and coming fast.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
VIDEO: Lekki Hood Finest ft. Riky Rick & Davido – Energy
Nigerian trapper LHF also known as Lekki Hood Finest releases the visuals to his 2018 single ‘Energy' featuring Riky Rick and Davido. The video was shot in South Africa.
Enjoy!
The post VIDEO: Lekki Hood Finest ft. Riky Rick & Davido – Energy appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 215 'To treat a puppy that way,' judge tells dog killer, 'that scares me for you' Pause 114 He knocked on their doors, then sexually assaulted them, police say 236 Cop Shop Podcast: Georgia DUI suspect pees his pants 264 Cop Shop Podcast: Beer bandit locked in store 25 East Macon shooting victim helped into ambulance 149 Know the warning signs 261 Cop Shop Podcast: Man flips off cop, tries to get away 264 Cop Shop Podcast: Hurled potted meat lands woman in jail 211 Cop Shop Podcast: Breakfast brawl at McDonald's 183 Judge to kidnapper: People are afraid of Macon. You're why. Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Bibb County Superior Court Judge Verda M. Colvin lectures admitted puppy killer Derrick D. Chappell at his sentencing after he pleaded guilty on March 19, 2018. Joe Kovac Jr. The Telegraph
Bibb County Superior Court Judge Verda M. Colvin lectures admitted puppy killer Derrick D. Chappell at his sentencing after he pleaded guilty on March 19, 2018. Joe Kovac Jr. The Telegraph
The eldest child of former Knicks forward Anthony Mason acknowledged in an emotional statement Monday his father passed away with four children at his bedside. The family has come forward...
Scoring is in demand and one of the nation's very best at lighting up the scoreboard hit the open market this week. A feeding frenzy has already begun for Antoine...
Liberals Have DISTURBING Response To Capitol Shooting, As Trump Praises Police
This morning, Republican Rep. Steve Scalise, the House Majority Whip was wounded in a shooting that took place in Alexandria, Virginia, by a suspect who is now known to be a Bernie Sanders-supporting leftist. Of course, leftists on social media are doing exactly what we all knew they would do: gloat about the victim because he's Republican, and continue to push the beliefs that may have influenced the shooter to attempt to massacre Republicans in the first place.
As reported by The Young Conservatives who also stressed the fact that the shooter was indeed a leftist but that these comments took place before his identity was known,
…before these facts were even established, ghoulish liberals were already celebrating the shooting and laughing at those seriously injured. For instance, Twitchy.com found a liberal who thought it was “justified” for someone to shoot Republicans because, you know, they want to dump Obamacare, and everything. Liberal Malcolm Harris tweeted, “If the shooter has a serious health condition then is taking potshots at the GOP house leadership considered self defense?”
It's not only Democratic sympathizers who have been posting gross responses. Former George W. Bush White House worker bee David Frum blamed the state of Virginia for the act.
Virginia:
No background checks
No licensing
No registration
No permit req'd for concealed carry of long guns
Open carry long guns & handguns — David Frum (@davidfrum) June 14, 2017
I've heard “blame the gun, not the shooter” but blaming an entire state?
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
While the lefties were honed in on wishing death upon Republicans, President Trump responded almost immediately with praise for the U.S. Capitol police who prevented what could've easily turned into a massacre.
As reported in Breitbart, President Trump gave a statement to the press at the White House, praising the officers who were shot.
“Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault,” Trump said. The president specifically recognized House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, who was wounded in the shooting, as a “patriot” and a “fighter.” “Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation and, frankly, the entire world,” he said. “America is praying for you.”
As well, he posted this on this social media, “pinning” it to the top of his page.
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
Much classier.
WASHINGTON — Anthony Rendon thought he had the ball.
He didn't.
Washington's sure-handed third baseman made an error on a sixth-inning grounder that marked his team's first and biggest mistake Friday night during a 3-0 loss to the Chicago Cubs in Game 1 of the NL Division Series. The Nationals went from a potential Stephen Strasburg no-hitter to trailing in a matter of minutes — and never recovered.
It was an unsettling turn of events for a team all too accustomed to these things happening in the post-season.
“Anthony, we've never seen him do that,” manager Dusty Baker said. “And it led to a two-out hit, and they got three two-strike, two-out hits, and that was the ballgame.”
The defending World Series champion Cubs won behind seven shutout innings from Kyle Hendricks and RBI hits by Kris Bryant and Anthony Rizzo. But the Nationals didn't get a hit after the second inning, a streak of 25 batters, and were left to wonder about sixth-inning mistakes from Rendon's error to Bryce Harper's high relay throw.
Strasburg had eight strikeouts and no margin for error going into the sixth because Hendricks had kept Washington's potent lineup off balance. Rendon's error on a routine grounder off the bat of Javier Baez was his first since July 22 and stunned him, his teammates and the crowd of 43,898 at Nationals Park.
“He's elite over there,” second baseman Daniel Murphy said. “He's been unbelievable all year. It wasn't an easy play.”
Rendon didn't know what happened other than he went to reach for the ball in his glove and it was on the ground. After a sacrifice bunt by Hendricks put Baez in scoring position, Bryant drove him in with a single to right-centre and Bryant advanced to second on a close play after Harper missed the cutoff man.
In that moment, Rendon knew it was on him.
“It's an error,” he said. “It's like when you have a car accident. It's not a car ‘purpose.' It's a mistake. We're human. It's definitely tough because Strasburg was pitching his tail off and they happened to get two hits after that. So it's never fun.”
Strasburg said he tried his best to pick up Rendon, but Rizzo singled to right just in front of Harper, who missed 42 games with a hyperextended left knee and returned last week. Harper said he felt great and didn't blame his health for not making a catch that would've ended the inning and kept it a one-run game.
“I was just coming in, didn't want it to get past me,” Harper said. “It bounced right in front of my glove and I just didn't come up with it.”
After Strasburg dazzled and dominated during his first 52 pitches, the game shifted on his next several as the Cubs seized a rare opportunity on a night when the right-hander was almost unhittable. Almost.
“I think he was really in a rhythm,” Bryant said. “Getting a guy on base, getting a guy in scoring position, get him out of his rhythm a little bit, I think that was huge.”
With a history of first-round exits, the Nationals refused to buy into the narrative of “here we go again.” But they acknowledged the sixth inning and offensive struggles contributed to them falling behind in the best-of-five series.
“That's playoff baseball,” first baseman Ryan Zimmerman said. “You have to kind of do the little things right, and take advantage of the breaks you get, like they did.”
Rendon gave Chicago its biggest break with his error after just seven in the field all season. But his teammates were eager to shoulder the blame and take it off Rendon's shoulders.
“I'll still want the ball hit to him tomorrow,” catcher Matt Wieters said. “The bigger problem is that we couldn't put any runs up.”
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Tensions can run high around family weddings, but an Oregon man took his resentment to new heights when he made two phone calls to airports falsely claiming his father and brother were terrorists, according his own admission in a plea deal.
Sonny Donnie Smith's calls resulted in the temporary detainment and questioning of his father and brother and a missed flight. The reason? Smith was told he was not welcome at the family wedding the Smiths were traveling to, according to the plea agreement filed on Thursday.
The 38-year-old from Clackamas, Ore., made the calls on Sept. 3, 2016, to McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland, Texas.
Smith waived indictment by a federal grand jury to plead guilty to the charge of anonymous telecommunications harassment.
The calls prompted the FBI to get involved before investigators realized it was nothing more than a hoax.
"Today's technology makes some believe they can anonymously create chaos to resolve personal grievances," said Renn Cannon, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oregon, in a statement. He added that the phony calls forced the bureau to expend limited resources "potentially delaying response to other serious incidents and real victims."
Billy J. Williams, Oregon's U.S. attorney, said in a statement, "False reports intended to harass others waste law enforcement time and resources and will be prosecuted accordingly."
Smith is facing a maximum prison term of two years, a $250,000 fine and a year of supervised release. He is awaiting sentencing on May 10.
Some news you'll definitely want to hear before heading out to buy Halloween costumes this year.
It's fitting for this time of year to scare you with a story you need to be aware in case you or your kids find themselves coming home after trick-or-treating with more than just candy in their bags.
Of all the creepy crawlers around during Halloween, there's one you probably haven't thought of - head lice.
"It's usually a childhood nuisance problem. It's really not a health hazard. It's not a sign of poor hygiene. And it's not really spreading disease. It's really just more of a nuisance,” said Pediatric Nurse Practitioner Cherie Sexton.
Doctors see a jump in head lice around this time of year and you might think it has to do with kids going back to school.
But, the biggest cause is Halloween costume shopping.
"We have a lot of people going into stores right now, trying on masks, trying on costumes and trying on wigs. And a lot of people don't give much though into the fact that several people could've tried it on before them,” said Sexton.
Think about it. Halloween stores have entire walls of masks and wigs for shoppers buying costumes.
But how many heads have those wigs and masks been on before going on yours?
Now that's spooky.
Shopper Jaclyn Willman was grossed out when told about the potential for lice in masks and costumes.
"I didn't really think it about it too much, when you go into the Halloween store and put different hats on and different masks on. Yeah, I didn't think about it,” said Willman.
But it's something you need to think about.
"Most moms, dads and grandparents are just trying to get that right costume. Get it taken care of. Make sure it fits and get out the door,” said Sexton.
So what do you do to make sure the critters don't find new homes on your little ones?
Put your costume or wig in a sealed plastic bag for 48 hours before wearing it. Any head lice will die within 24-48 hours.
Throw dryer friendly items in the dryer on high heat for 45 minutes before wearing them.
Wear a swim or wig cap to cover yours or your child's hair to create a barrier that will be tough for lice to cross.
And remember, the risk of infestation can last for up to a week.
"It can go up for seven days so if your child has been to a Halloween costume party, or they've been to a sleepover and somebody called and said there was somebody with head lice there, make sure you check your child for the next seven days.
If you or your child does end up with lice, immediately get a treatment kit from the drug store or go to your doctor.
If you act fast or guard against it well your trick or treater can have fun and not bring home more than just candy.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
If you own rental real estate, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) has changes that you need to know about. Most are in your favor. Here's the story.
Lower ordinary income tax rates for 2018-2025
If you own property as an individual or via a pass-through entity (partnership, LLC treated as a partnership for tax purposes, or S corporation), net income from rental properties is taxed at your regular personal federal income tax rates. Here are the 2018 ordinary income rates and brackets under the TCJA.
single joint head of household 10% tax bracket $0-$9,525 $0-$19,050 $0-$13,600 Beginning of 12% bracket $9,526 $19,051 $13,601 Beginning of 22 brackets $38,701 $77,401 $51,801 Beginning of 24% bracket $82,501 $165,001 $82,501 Beginning of 32% bracket $157,501 $315,001 $157,501 Beginning of 35% bracket $200,001 $400,001 $200,001 Beginning of 37% bracket $500,001 $600,001 $500,001
Long-term capital gains tax rates are unchanged
The TCJA retains the 0%, 15%, and 20% federal income tax rates on long-term capital gains, including long-term gains from real estate. Here are the 2018 rates and brackets for LTCGs.
single joint head of household 0% tax bracket $ 0-$38,600 $0-$77,200 $0-$51,700 Beginning of 15% bracket $38,601 $77,201 $51,701 Beginning of 20% bracket $ 425,801 $479,001 $452,401
Exception: As under prior law, you still face a 25% maximum federal income tax rate (instead of the standard 20% maximum rate) on long-term real estate gains attributable to depreciation deductions.
What you can write off is mostly unchanged
As under prior law, you can still deduct mortgage interest and state and local real estate taxes on rental properties. While the TCJA imposes new limitations on deducting personal residence mortgage interest and state and local taxes (including personal residence real estate taxes), those limitations do not apply to rental properties unless you also use the property for personal purposes. In that case, the new limitations could affect deductions for mortgage interest and real estate taxes that are allocable to personal use.
You can still write off all the other garden-variety operating expenses for rental properties: depreciation, utilities, insurance, repairs and maintenance, yard care, association fees, and so forth.
New deduction for pass-through business income
Under prior law, if you had net taxable income from a pass-through business entity (meaning for this purpose a sole proprietorship, LLC treated as a sole proprietorship for tax purposes, partnership, LLC treated as a partnership for tax purposes, or S corporation), the net income was simply passed through to you and taxed at your personal rates.
For 2018 and beyond, the TCJA establishes a new deduction based on qualified business income (QBI) from a pass-through business entity. The deduction generally equals 20% of QBI, subject to restrictions that can apply at higher income levels and a limitation based on your taxable income.
While it is not entirely clear at this point, the new QBI deduction is apparently available to offset net income from a profitable rental real estate activity that you own via one of the aforementioned pass-through entities. The unanswered question is whether a rental real estate activity counts as a business for purposes of the QBI deduction. It probably does, but we await IRS guidance.
Liberalized first-year depreciation for some properties
For qualifying property placed in service in tax years beginning after 12/31/17, the TCJA increases the maximum Section 179 deduction to $1 million (up from $510,000 for tax years beginning in 2017). The Section 179 deduction privilege potentially allows you to deduct the entire cost of eligible property in Year 1. For real estate owners, eligible property includes most improvements to the interior portion of a nonresidential building if the improvement is put to use after the date the building was put to use.
The TCJA also expands the definition of eligible property to include expenditures for nonresidential building roofs, HVAC equipment, fire protection and alarm systems, and security systems.
Finally, the TCJA expands the definition of eligible property to include depreciable tangible personal property used predominantly to furnish lodging. Examples apparently include furniture, appliances, and other equipment used in the living quarters of a lodging facility such as an apartment house, dormitory, or other facility where sleeping accommodations are rented out.
Warning: Section 179 deductions cannot create or increase an overall tax loss from business activities. So you may need plenty of positive business taxable income to take full advantage of the Section 179 deduction privilege. Your tax adviser can help you assess this issue.
100% first-year bonus depreciation for qualified real property expenditures
For qualified property placed in service between 9/28/17 and 12/31/22, the TCJA increases the first-year bonus depreciation percentage to 100% (up from 50%). The 100% deduction is allowed for qualified leasehold improvement property, qualified restaurant property, and qualified retail improvement property.
New loss disallowance rule
If your rental property throws off a tax loss — and most do at least during the early years — things get complicated. The passive activity loss (PAL) rules will usually apply. In general, the PAL rules only allow you to deduct passive losses to the extent you have passive income from other sources — like positive income from other rental properties or gains from selling them. Passive losses in excess of passive income are suspended until you either have sufficient passive income or sell the property or properties that produced the losses.
After you've successfully cleared the hurdles imposed by the PAL rules, the TCJA establishes a new hurdle. For tax years beginning in 2018-2025, you cannot deduct an excess business loss in the current year. An excess business loss is one that exceeds $250,000 or $500,000 if you are a married joint-filer. Any excess business loss is carried over to your next tax year and can be deducted under the rules for net operating loss (NOL) carryovers.
A key point: This new loss deduction rule applies after applying the PAL rules. So, if the PAL rules disallow your rental loss, you don't get to the new loss limitation rule.
Example: You are unmarried. In 2018, you have a $300,000 allowable loss from rental real estate properties after considering the PAL rules. You have no other business or rental activities. Your excess business loss for the year is $50,000 ($300,000 loss minus $250,000 threshold for a single filer). You cannot deduct the $50,000 loss in 2018. Instead you must carry it forward to your 2019 tax year and treat it as part of an NOL carryover to that year.
Variation: If your rental loss is $250,000 or less, you will not have an excess business loss, and you will be unaffected by the new loss limitation rule.
The idea behind this new loss limitation rule is to further restrict the ability of individual taxpayers (like you) to use current-year business losses (including losses from rental real estate) to offset income from other sources — such as salary, self-employment income, interest, dividends, and capital gains. The practical result is that your allowable current-year business losses (after considering the PAL rules) cannot offset more than $250,000 of income from such other sources or more than $500,000 if you are a married joint-filer.
Like-kind exchanges still allowed for real estate
The TCJA still allows real estate owners to unload appreciated properties while deferring the federal income hit indefinitely by making like-kind exchanges, which are also known as Section 1031 exchanges. With a like-kind exchange, you swap the property you want to unload for another property (the replacement property). You're allowed to put off paying taxes until you sell the replacement property. Or when you're ready to unload the replacement property, you can arrange yet another like-kind exchange and continue to defer taxes. The TCJA doesn't change any of this.
The bottom line
The new tax law includes several expanded breaks for real estate owners and one important negative change (the new loss limitation rule, which will not affect very many folks). At this point, how to apply the TCJA changes to real-world situations is not always clear because we have nothing to rely upon except the statutory language. We await IRS guidance on the details and uncertainties. I will keep you up to date on developments.
The Hajime malware is competing with the Mirai malware to enslave some IoT devices
Mirai -- a notorious malware that's been enslaving IoT devices -- has competition.
A rival piece of programming has been infecting some of the same easy-to-hack internet-of-things products, with a resiliency that surpasses Mirai, according to security researchers.
"You can almost call it Mirai on steroids," said Marshal Webb, CTO at BackConnect, a provider of services to protect against distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks.
Security researchers have dubbed the rival IoT malware Hajime, and since it was discovered more than six months ago, it's been spreading unabated and creating a botnet. Webb estimates it's infected about 100,000 devices across the globe.
These botnets, or networks of enslaved computers, can be problematic. They're often used to launch massive DDoS attacks that can take down websites or even disrupt the internet's infrastructure.
That's how the Mirai malware grabbed headlines last October. A DDoS attack from a Mirai-created botnet targeted DNS provider Dyn, which shut down and slowed internet traffic across the U.S.
Hajime was first discovered in the same month, when security researchers at Rapidity Networks were on the lookout for Mirai activity. What they found instead was something similar, but also more tenacious.
Like Mirai, Hajime also scans the internet for poorly secured IoT devices like cameras, DVRs, and routers. It compromises them by trying different username and password combinations and then transferring a malicious program.
However, Hajime doesn't take orders from a command-and-control server like Mirai-infected devices do. Instead, it communicates over a peer-to-peer network built off protocols used in BitTorrent, resulting in a botnet that's more decentralized -- and harder to stop.
"Hajime is much, much more advanced than Mirai," Webb said. "It has a more effective way to do command and control."
Broadband providers have been chipping away at Mirai-created botnets, by blocking internet traffic to the command servers they communicate with. In the meantime, Hajime has continued to grow 24/7, enslaving some of the same devices. Its peer-to-peer nature means many of the infected devices can relay files or instructions to rest of the botnet, making it more resilient against any blocking efforts.
Vesselin Bontchev Hajime infection attempts (blue) vs Mirai infection attempts (red), according to a honeypot from security researcher Vesselin Bontchev.
Who's behind Hajime? Security researchers aren't sure. Strangely, they haven't observed the Hajime botnet launching any DDoS attacks -- which is good news. A botnet of Hajime's scope is probably capable of launching a massive one similar to what Mirai has done.
"There's been no attribution. Nobody has claimed it," said Pascal Geenens, a security researcher at security vendor Radware.
However, Hajime does continue to search the internet for vulnerable devices. Geenens' own honeypot, a system that tracks botnet activity, has been inundated with infection attempts from Hajime-controlled devices, he said.
So the ultimate purpose of this botnet remains unknown. But one scenario is it'll be used for cybercrime to launch DDoS attacks for extortion purposes or to engage in financial fraud.
"It's a big threat forming," Geenens said. "At some point, it can be used for something dangerous."
It's also possible Hajime might be a research project. Or in a possible twist, maybe it's a vigilante security expert out to disrupt Mirai.
So far, Hajime appears to be more widespread than Mirai, said Vesselin Bontchev, a security expert at Bulgaria's National Laboratory of Computer Virology.
However, there's another key difference between the two malware. Hajime has been found infecting a smaller pool of IoT devices using ARM chip architecture.
That contrasts from Mirai, which saw its source code publicly released in late September. Since then, copycat hackers have taken the code and upgraded the malware. Vesselin has found Mirai strains infecting IoT products that use ARM, MIPS, x86, and six other platforms.
That means the clash between the two malware doesn't completely overlap. Nevertheless, Hajime has stifled some of Mirai's expansion.
"There's definitely an ongoing territorial conflict," said Allison Nixon, director of security research at Flashpoint.
To stop the malware, security researchers say it's best to tackle the problem at its root, by patching the vulnerable IoT devices. But that will take time and, in other cases, it might not even be possible. Some IoT vendors have released security patches for their products to prevent malware infections, but many others have not, Nixon said.
That means Hajime and Mirai will probably stick around for a long time, unless those devices are retired.
"It will keep going," Nixon said. "Even if there's a power outage, [the malware] will just be back and re-infect the devices. It's never going to stop."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump went home to Trump Tower on Monday for the first time since his inauguration, with a throng of chanting protesters awaiting — but never seeing — him.
Thousands of demonstrators roared “shame, shame, shame” and “not my president!” while watching for Trump's motorcade along Manhattan's Fifth Avenue, but it ultimately approached from another direction. A far smaller crowd of Trump supporters also awaited him.
Onlookers who did see the motorcade greeted it with cellphone cameras and a few obscene gestures.
By the tower, some protesters carried signs with such messages as “impeach” and “the White House is no place for white supremacy.” Chants including “love, not hate — that's what makes America great” and “New York hates you!” echoed off the surrounding buildings. Nearby, an inflatable, rat-like caricature of Trump stood by The Plaza hotel.
Adam Vazquez had protested at Trump Tower on Election Night and said he returned because he felt the country had hit “a pivotal point,” particularly after the white supremacist rally that descended into violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. The Republican president's initial condemnation of bigotry and violence “on many sides, on many sides” spurred two days of pressure to specifically denounce white supremacist groups, which he did Monday.
“It shows you that the president, in a time of crisis, could not step up,” said Vazquez, a 26-year-old video and content producer. “That is something we have to take note of, coming out tonight and showing that this is not OK.”
Meanwhile, about two dozen Trump fans near The Plaza chanted “God bless President Trump” and carried American flags and signs with such sentiments as “now is not the time for divisiveness.”
“We are here to show President Trump … that he has a lot of fans here, even in liberal New York City, even in Manhattan,” said Ariel Kohane, a 46-year-old member of a group called Jews for Trump.
He said he supported the president because of his views on national security, immigration and fighting radical Islamists and crime, among other issues. The anti-Trump protesters, to him, are “left-wing, liberal Communist snowflakes.”
With supporters and anti-Trump demonstrators penned behind police barricades across the sidewalk, both sides yelled at each other, “Go home!”
A block south of Trump Tower, police officers with bullhorns confronted protesters pressing against and straining the barricades, telling the demonstrators to step back. Police said two people were arrested for disorderly conduct amid the protests but didn't say where or when.
Police stationed sand-filled sanitation trucks as barriers around Trump's signature skyscraper and layers of metal police barricades around the main entrance.
After Trump was elected, security around the tower ramped up dramatically, with barricades and checkpoints manned by scores of uniformed police officers. The security precautions have been lessened somewhat in Trump's absence but still have inconvenienced residents and business owners in the busy area, home to stores such as Tiffany and Louis Vuitton.
Trump, a native New Yorker, said Friday that he had stayed away since January because he realized the impact of the street closings and other aspects of a presidential visit.
“I would love to go to my home in Trump Tower, but it's very, very disruptive to do,” he said.
And protesters, including City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, were not welcoming him.
Gabby Parra, a 17-year-old high school senior from Teaneck, New Jersey, said she did not have “the proper words to describe” her dislike for Trump. She said she feels the president dehumanizes minorities, noting that he launched his campaign by portraying Mexico as a source of rapists and murderers coming into the U.S.
The Rev. Jan Powell, a retired minister of the United Church of Christ, is troubled by Trump, too, and particularly resented his response to the violence in Virginia.
Still, she said, “I pray for him every day. We are both human beings.”
Associated Press writers Jennifer Peltz and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester Regatta – which is the world's oldest regatta – took place again on Saturday (June 10) with more than 400 competitors from across the North West and attended by The Lord Mayor of Chester Cllr Razia Daniels as Admiral of the Dee.
The Regatta has a unique format designed to be as inclusive as possible and organisers were delighted to welcome into the main adult event adaptive rowers, who had previously joined into the 2015 and 2016 regattas in a demonstration row-through.
Chester Regatta is keen to help develop rowers of all ages and abilities and many of the competitors were local school-children from Queens Park High School, Kings School and elsewhere.
Six of the events at Chester Regatta 2017 were sponsored by Aaron & Partners Solicitors, who have supported each regatta since 2003.
Regatta secretary and partner at Aarons Jan Chillery said: “The Regatta Committee are pleased to have had so many entrants in 2017, up 30% from entries in 2017. We are also relieved that the weather was much kinder than 2016, when squalls caused the Regatta to close early, to the disappointment of many.
“The 2016 Chester Regatta made a significant financial loss however we have worked very hard in 2017 to bring in more business sponsorship and have been supported by Cllrs Razia Daniels, Samantha Dixon, Neil Sullivan, Pamela Hall, Keith Board, Alex Black, Jill Houlbrook, Martyn Delaney, Jane Mercer, Margaret Parker and Stuart Parker from their members budgets. We are very grateful indeed.”
Aaron & Partners sponsored the Pierce Trophy for fastest W.4x- won by Kings School Chester (Beardwood). Aarons also sponsored the City of Chester Trophy for fastest W.1x, awarded to Ms Ateer of Trentham BC. Aarons sponsored the Northgate Brewery Cup for the fastest 4x-, awarded to Keele University and the Pierce Trophy for fastest W.J4x-, awarded to Runcorn RC.
The Dee Challenge Cup for Group A (large boats) was presented by Aarons to Royal Chester RC and the Heronbridge Bowl for Group B (large boats) was presented by Aarons to Keele University.
Meacher-Jones Accountants sponsored the Wirral Challenge Cup & Goblets, for fastest W.4+ awarded to University of Chester RC.
Fisher German, Chester, sponsored the Coronation Cup, presented to Trentham BC as fastest 2x-. Nadia Mahmoud of sponsor KPMG presented the Frost & Holland Trophy to Royal Chester RC as fastest eight.
The Bob Arthur Trophy, a lovely Art Deco design, was sponsored by Rofft Developments 2000 Ltd and awarded to Runcorn RC.
TIPPECANOE COUNTY, Ind. (WLFI) – A court in Tippecanoe County is in the process of issuing an arrest warrant for a man accused of sending a 9-year-old sexually explicit letters from prison.
Prosecutors say 52-year-old Ronald Emery of Lafayette sent the child several letters, starting around the beginning of the year.
Emery is currently serving a 20 year sentence in the New Castle Correctional Facility for a child molesting conviction in Clinton County.
He has also been convicted of child molesting in Benton County.
Today, Emery was charged today with vicarious sexual gratification, inappropriate communication with a child, being a habitual offender and a repeat sexual offender.
According to court documents, Emery is scheduled to be released from prison next Monday, April 24 but according to Tippecanoe County Prosecutor Pat Harrington, once a warrant is served on him in prison he'll be brought back to the Tippecanoe County Jail by next Monday at the latest.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Jarius Wright (17) scores on an 87-yard touchdown reception in overtime in an NFL football game against the New York Jets, Sunday, Dec. 7, 2014, in Minneapolis. The Panthers are expected to sign Wright, a source told the Observer on Monday. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) Alex Brandon AP
But it's a jamboree set for Saturday which is in some state of flux.
Friendship Christian is scheduled to play host to Franklin Road Academy for a fifth-sixth grade, middle school and varsity triple header beginning at 5 p.m. Saturday at Pirtle Field. But a forecast of possible rain has coaches and school officials pondering a move to FRA's turf field in Nashville. Commander coach John McNeal said a decision will be made by noon Friday. Regardless of the site, the schedule will remain the same.
Friday
Meanwhile, Lebanon will play host to Cookeville at Clifton Tribble Field/Danny Watkins Stadium as LHS fans get a final pre-look at Chuck Gentry's first Blue Devil team. The freshmen will begin at 6 p.m., followed by the junior varsity and the varsity.
Wilson Central will travel to Shelbyville with the varsity going first at 7 p.m., followed by the JV and freshmen.
Watertown will go to Baxter to take on Upperman with the JV going at 7:30 p.m. and the varsity to follow.
Mt. Juliet Christian will travel to Hillwood for a 6 p.m. game with Glencliff in the Metro Jamboree.
Saturday
In addition to Friendship, Mt. Juliet will play host to the third-annual Bears-Buch Bash with Beech. Action will begin at 3:30 p.m. with the schools' middle school teams, followed by freshman, JV and varsity.
Adidas AG is losing the executive who oversaw the German sportswear company's U.S. turnaround.
Mark King, 59, is stepping down as president of Adidas North America, and will be replaced by Zion Armstrong effective July 1, the company said. Armstrong, 43, has worked with King as general manager of the unit since June 2015. King will continue to act as an adviser in the coming years.
After more than a decade running the golf business, including the TaylorMade brand, King took over North America at a time when Adidas was struggling. It had lost its way in the U.S. as Nike and upstarts such as Under Armour Inc. gobbled up its market share.
King pushed the German company to compete more aggressively to outfit colleges and universities, a piece of a larger effort to appeal to younger consumers. Adidas also successfully rereleased retro styles like the Stan Smith tennis shoe and launched collaborations with hip-hop artist Kanye West, fueling a 35 percent jump in North American sales last year.
King's time has been marred by Adidas being caught up in a federal corruption probe into college basketball. An Adidas spokeswoman said King's departure wasn't related to the investigation, or any misconduct.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – The Bibb County School District announced an artistic partnership today to get members of their staff a chance to express themselves creatively.
Along with the National Arts Program and the Tubman Museum, Bibb Schools employees will have a chance to have their art displayed for everyone to see in a special exhibit to be held in the fall of 2018.
- Advertisement -
“This is a special showcase of our employees in the Bibb County School District,” said Ben Bridges, the district's Director of Fine Arts. “Where their employees and their families, and also retirees, can participate by creating artwork and having it professionally displayed here at the Tubman Museum.”
The special exhibit will be held beginning in November.
“This program is open to adults, it's open to kids, it's open to profressional artists , it's open to people who have never created a painting or photograph before,” said Jeffrey Bruce of the Tubman Museum.
Related Article: Wilkinson County boys basketball captures 10th state title
Bridges says the Tubman Museum is only one of 87 venues in 30 states to have an exhibit through the National Art Program.
In order to be eligible for the exhibit, you need to be an employee, retiree, or an immediate family member of an employee of the Bibb County School District.
In order to receive a form in order to apply, you can call Ben Bridges at 478-765-8595, or through email at ben.bridges@bcsdk12.net or Donald Druitt at 478-391-2406 and donald.druitt@gmail.com.
For more information, you can visit www.nationalartsprogram.org.
The special counsel probing Russian meddling in the US election is examining whether President Trump obstructed justice, the Washington Post reports. Congressman Steve Scalise remains in critical condition after he and four others were shot in Virginia. And UK Prime Minister Theresa May promised an investigation into the London apartment fire.
HERE ARE THE TOP STORIES President Trump is now under investigation for potential obstruction of justice. The Washington Post reported Wednesday that Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 US election has now widened to include the president. The probe reportedly zeroed in on Trump after he fired then–FBI director James Comey in May, who testified last week. "I was fired because of the Russia investigation ... to change the way the Russia investigation was being conducted," Comey said. "That is a very big deal." Trump and other officials have repeatedly denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and the Russian government, but an obstruction probe that focuses inward on the administration opens up a whole new front of legal and political risks for the president. James Comey's plan seems to have worked out like he hoped.
WE'RE KEEPING AN EYE ON A US congressman, a Capitol Police officer, a lobbyist, and an aide were shot during a Republican baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, Wednesday morning. Rep. Steve Scalise, the House majority whip, and lobbyist Matt Mika remain in critical condition after a gunman opened fire at a practice ahead of Thursday'scongressional baseball game for charity. An officer and Rep. Roger Williams were also injured. The gunman, 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson, was shot multiple times and later died at the hospital. Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina told BuzzFeed News that Hodgkinson asked whether those practicing on the field were Republicans or Democrats before opening fire. Facebook pages that appeared to belong to Hodgkinson showed multiple posts critical of Trump and supportive of Sen. Bernie Sanders. The FBI is now leading the investigation into the shooting.
And a little extra Trump sounded a note of unity following the shooting, reminding Americans that members of Congress and their staffers are patriotic. But while the president and vice president canceled events and Ivanka Trump echoed her father's words, others in Trump's orbit were quicker to assign blame to Democrats, the media, and an anti-Trump environment they feel contributed to the shooting.
Trump praised law enforcement's swift response. Members of Congress say they received threats before and after the shooting. And here's the misinformation going around about the shooting.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May is promising an investigation into the London fire. London's fire commissioner confirmed that the fire that tore through an apartment block in north Kensington on Wednesday morning has now been extinguished, and said it would be a “miracle” if there were any more survivors. So far 17 people have been confirmed dead, with 17 still in critical condition in six hospitals across the city. Officials have been unable to confirm the number of people still missing. May on Wednesday expressed her condolences for those affected by the “appalling tragedy” and said an investigation would determine if there are any lessons to be learned. Here's everything you need to know.
Contact BuzzFeed News at maggie.schultz+news@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Image copyright Eleanor Page Image caption The EU has selected 15,000 18-year-olds to discover Europe by rail
A free Interrail ticket for teenagers to discover Europe may sound too good to be true - and for thousands of hopefuls that has proved to be the case.
The EU has now closed a controversial lottery that allocated 15,000 free tickets to 18-year-olds; but more than 100,000 applied. The window for applications was 12-26 June.
Those lucky enough to get a ticket can spend a month visiting up to four other European countries by rail, between 9 July and 30 September.
In future, the European Commission plans to expand the scheme to enable 1.5 million 18-year-olds to visit their European neighbours, funded by €700m (£619m; $815m) of EU money.
The cost of this first round of Interrail freebies - called DiscoverEU - was €12m, and each of the 28 member states had a quota of tickets. Tickets would normally cost between €255 and €510 for a one-month pass.
Applicants had to do an online quiz about EU cultural heritage, European Parliament elections and youth.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Interrail is seen by many young people as a taste of freedom
The DiscoverEU website makes it clear that there is an underlying political motive: to combat "misinformation about Europe".
"If we want to counter the current growth of populism, they need to be able to discover for themselves the advantages of free movement, the reality of neighbouring countries and what unites this diversity of people," it says.
Eurosceptics however see it as a waste of taxpayers' money - the latest example of Brussels extravagance.
Jill Seymour MEP of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) said "young people across Europe would prefer for the EU to solve the chronic youth unemployment crisis rather than this blatant attempt at bribery".
With Brexit scheduled to happen next March, this was the first and last chance for young Britons to apply for the free EU pass.
The UK quota was 1,900 - and 3,786 applied, an EU official told the BBC. The quotas were decided according to a country's population.
Hopes dashed
In Spain and Germany just one in 10 of applicants passed the selection process for a free ticket.
Image copyright Nour Ghantous Image caption Nour Ghantous (L) said there was a lack of information about the scheme
Several young people who spoke to the BBC said there was a lack of the information about the scheme.
Nour Ghantous from Coventry said she and her boyfriend Bill were unable to apply because they "didn't know anything about the scheme until the final day". "Our friends didn't even know about it."
Sam Salih from London told the BBC he had been "unable to get through on the website despite trying the whole day to do so".
In Spain more than 11,000 applied, but the ticket allocation was only 1,364, the Spanish newspaper El País reported. Germany had more than 19,000 applicants for 2,500 tickets.
Image copyright Robert Gaynor Image caption Robert Gaynor was disappointed not to be chosen
Ireland only received 140 free tickets, yet more than 2,500 young Irish people applied.
Robert Gaynor from Sligo in the west of Ireland told the BBC about his disappointment.
"I was really looking forward to having the opportunity to travel independently and with people my age. I wanted to go to Germany and Finland without having to worry about the cost."
What is interrailing?
Image copyright AFP
Interrail was launched in 1972 as a Europe-wide train ticket for young people, costing back then just £27.50 and covering countries from Ireland to former Yugoslavia.
In the 1990s it was a cheap way to explore the newly independent countries of the ex-Soviet bloc.
Now there are various types of Interrail ticket, and it is not limited to young people.
Co-operation between more than 35 European railway and ferry companies made it possible.
'Excited to explore'
Maria Antònia, a student from Majorca, was one of the lucky winners. She is looking forward to travelling with friends around Europe cheaply.
"We'll hopefully be visiting northern Europe and we're really excited to explore and take in different cultures," she told the BBC.
Eleanor Page won one of the tickets allocated to British 18-year-olds.
She said she "can't wait to visit Amsterdam, Hamburg, Vienna and Venice".
Although thousands of young Europeans were unlucky to get a free ticket, there will still be a month of freedom on Europe's railways for 15,000 others.
The BBC's Laurence Peter contributed to this article.
The new tourism spokesman for Dundee's SNP administration has said he wants the city to develop as a major city break destination.
Bill Campbell, depute convener of Dundee City Council's city development committee, was speaking to the Tele after being appointed to the position.
He said he had accepted the role in a bid to help drive forward tourism in the city.
Mr Campbell said: “One of our main ambitions is to turn Dundee into a major city break destination.
“We'd love Dundee to become a staple destination for people coming on city breaks.
“We have a lot to offer and there's a lot happening.
“We're keen to attract as many visitors as possible to the city.
“I will be looking at an overview of the tourism sector in Dundee.
“This is a role I am excited to take on and develop.
“There's a lot going on in Dundee and we need to be in a position to make the most of it.
“Going forward, my intention is to look at the various component parts in detail.
“Key things to be looked at in a bid to drive tourism in Dundee are transport links, accommodation, business tourism, employment, internet and Wi-Fi links, visitor attractions, and marketing of the city.”
Mr Campbell said he would be looking at transport timetables and road, rail and air links, the provision of informative signage, as well as marketing Dundee at home and abroad.
He also wants to ensure the city has sufficient coach parking and visitor accommodation.
One way to further market the city was by ensuring there was increased use of the dundee.com website, said Mr Campbell.
He said: “This is a website that people can go on to find out what's happening and we could develop it further.
“In Dundee, there are all these things going on but we need to make sure we tell people about them.
“We want to establish a proper tourism profile for the city and invest in tourism. And we hope to host more exhibitions and seminars as a way to get more people to come to visit the city.
“Business tourism is one way to create a bigger footfall in the city.
“More hotels are currently being built and there is increasing visitor accommodation.
“I also want to investigate various aspects of job training, particularly in the services industry. Tourism is one of Dundee's most important industries and we want to be in a position to make the most of that. We need to continue to develop tourism and take it forward in a positive manner.”
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
SEOUL, South Korea — Park Geun-hye, the recently deposed president of South Korea, was formally indicted on corruption charges Monday. Prosecutors say the 18 charges include bribery, extortion, abuse of power and leaking state secrets.
It is the latest in the fall from grace for South Korea's first female president who was driven from office by massive and peaceful popular protests.
Park, 65, was impeached in December, officially stripped of power in March and has been in a detention facility near Seoul since being arrested last month on allegations that she extorted from businesses, took bribes and committed other wrongdoing, all in collaboration with a longtime confidante.
Impeached South Korean former President Park Geun-hye. Jeon Heon-kyun / EPA
Prosecutors also indicted Shin Dong-bin, the chairman of Lotte, South Korea's fifth-largest business conglomerate, on a charge of offering a bribe of $6 million to Park and her friend Choi Soon-sil in exchange for a lucrative government license to open a new duty-free shop.
"It really is a pity that we have the third president indicted on bribery charges. But, this is what the people wanted to see, that no one in South Korea can be above the law," Kwon Young Gook, a lawyer representing "The Movement to Oust Park Guen Hye," an umbrella group of local non-governmental organizations, told NBC News.
His group led months of candlelight vigils that eventually led to her impeachment and subsequent arrest.
If convicted, Park's bribery charge carries the biggest punishment, ranging from 10 years in prison to life imprisonment.
She has denied any legal wrongdoing and is expected to stage a fierce legal battle.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — Sputtering offenses and stingy defenses.
Monday's Outback Bowl figures to be a low-scoring game, and neither No. 20 Florida nor No. 21 Iowa offer any apologies.
Sure, Jim McElwain and Kirk Ferentz would like to see the Gators (8-4) and Hawkeyes (8-4) light up the scoreboard with a little more regularity, but both coaches appreciate what stout defenses have helped them accomplish during a season in which their offenses struggled.
“If you play defense it gives you a chance. That's one of the reasons we were able to be successful,” said Ferentz, finishing his 18th season at Iowa. “You look across the field, and that's certainly what we're looking at. They're a team that's been really good on defense the past two years. They certainly are going to be a big foe for us that way.”
Florida ranks 115th in the nation in total offense, five spots ahead of Iowa. The teams are sixth and 24th in total defense.
McElwain is 18-8 in two seasons with the Gators. However, they've struggled to score, opening offensive coordinator Doug Nussmeier to criticism from fans accustomed to the days Florida compiled impressive numbers under former coaches Steve Spurrier and Urban Meyer.
“At a place like the University of Florida, when it's good, it's really good, and when it's maybe not going so good, it seems like maybe the sky's falling from the outside,” quarterback Austin Appleby said, defending Nussmeier.
“I think a lot of the quarterbacks who played here can attest to that. … The only things we can control is the way that we come to work every single day. And I know Coach Nussmeier, he grinds like no coach I've ever been around,” Appleby said. “He sacrifices more for us and takes away from his family to be in here late, late, late, late (for game-planning). …. When he's in his groove, there's no one better. At the end of the day, we've got to go out there and execute for him. It takes all of us. It's not just one person.”
Some things to know about the Gators and Hawkeyes:
FLORIDA FINALE?: Defensive tackle Caleb Brantley and cornerbacks Jalen Tabor and Quincy Wilson are likely playing their final game for Florida. All three juniors are expected to leave school early and enter the NFL draft. Linebacker Alex Anzalone and defensive back Duke Dawson also are considering turning pro. Tabor has postponed making an announcement because he wants to “do it the right way.” ”If I decide to come out, then I would give my thanks to everybody: my tutors, my teachers, my advisers, my coaches, the whole Gator Nation, because sometimes people forget when you were here, people were helping you,” Tabor said.
DANIELS, WADLEY AND HISTORY: Running backs LeShun Daniels, Jr. (1,013 yards) and Akrum Wadley (966 yards) have been a terrific pair for the run-focused Hawkeyes, and a decent game out of Wadley would put the duo in Iowa's record books. With 34 yards against the Gators, Wadley would join Daniels at 1,000 — and no pair of Iowa backs has ever rushed for 1,000 yards in the same season. Wadley might also be counted on as a threat in the passing game for the Hawkeyes, whose receivers have struggled mightily all season.
PINEIRO TRAVELS: Florida place-kicker Eddy Pineiro made the bowl trip and has been cleared to play despite a brief hospital stay during the holiday break. That's significant for the Gators, who have little depth behind him. Pineiro made 18 of 22 field goals this season, including nine in a row. He is 9 of 11 from 40 yards or longer, including two 54-yarders.
KING'S GOODBYE: The Outback Bowl will mark the final appearance by Iowa cornerback Desmond King, one of the best players in school history. King missed his chance to repeat as the Jim Thorpe Award winner, given to the nation's top defensive back, because teams were terrified to throw his way. But he leads the Big Ten with 27.2 yards on kickoff returns and is second in the league with 9.8 yards per punt return. King, a likely first-round pick in the NFL Draft, will start his 53rd game on Monday, a school record.
APPLEBY'S FIRST: Florida quarterback Austin Appleby will start and end his collegiate career against Iowa. Appleby, a graduate transfer who spent the last four years at Purdue, had his first playing action as a redshirt freshman against the Hawkeyes in 2013. He completed 5 of 6 passes for 68 yards and a touchdown. He also played against Iowa in 2014 and 2015. “That's kind of cool and neat in itself,” he said.
Related-
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether she was groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which she was granted.
In his closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped her suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In his own closing arguments, David Mueller attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why his client would introduce himself by name and then almost immediately after reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying he had not proven Swift had set out to get him fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after his own suit was filed in 2015, leading to Denver trial which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Ms. Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is anyway my fault, because it isn't."
The Lagos State Ministry of Transportation has urged members of the National Automobile Technicians Association (NATA) in Lagos to embrace the use of information technology in their workshops.
the Director, Transport Operations, Mr Akinola Johnson, gave the advice in an interview with newsmen on the sidelines of the election of new executives of NATA in Lagos.
Johnson said it was necessary for technicians to ensure that their workshops and garages were operating according to the standard set by the ministry.
“We have advised them that road worthiness in Lagos is going automation, so they have to move with time.
“The technicians' workshops must move with time and be computerised to be able to diagnose the fault in the vehicles brought to them.
“As you know, most of the testing centres in Lagos State will need their services when cars develop fault.
“We advise the public to patronise them, that is why we expect them to have a computerised vision of where the state is moving to,” the director said.
He said though the ministry does not interfere with the activities of the association, it controls their activities and play a fatherly role to them.
Earlier, the Secretary, National Electoral Committee of the association, Mr Abdulahi Sulaiman, said that the automobile technicians were set to create more jobs.
Sulaiman advised the newly elected officers to work together and move the association forward so as to contribute their quotas in moving Lagos forward.
Meanwhile, the newly elected chairman of NATA, Mr Jacob Fayeun, promised to embark on training of his members and work toward providing permanent secretariat for the association.
Credit: Piotr Adamowicz/Shutterstock.com
Women with regular cycles generally ovulate two weeks before the arrival of their periods, Pavone said. It's harder to predict ovulation in women with irregular cycles, but it usually occurs 12 to 16 days before the start of her next period.
There are several methods women can use to help determine their most fertile days each month.
Home ovulation-prediction kits can take some of the guesswork out of figuring out when a woman is ovulating. They're good to use for this purpose, Pavone said, but she suggested reading the instructions before using the products, since each kit can be a little different.
Sold at drug stores, the kits test urine for lutenizing hormone, a substance whose levels increase each month during ovulation and cause the ovaries to release an egg. The three days right after a positive test result are the best time for couples to have sex to increase their odds of becoming pregnant, reports the American Pregnancy Association.
Other clues to ovulation include the basal body temperature method, in which a woman takes her temperature before she gets out of bed every day and charts this on a graph for at least three menstrual cycles. After a woman ovulates, her basal body temperature typically increases less than half a degree Fahrenheit (0.3 degrees Celsius). A woman is most fertile during the two to three days before this slight rise in body temperature, reports the Mayo Clinic.
A second method is tracking cervical mucus, which involves a woman regularly checking both the amount and appearance of mucus in her vagina. A study published in the journal Fertility and Sterility found that women who checked their cervical mucus consistently were 2.3 times more likely to get pregnant over a six-month period.
Just before ovulation when a woman is most fertile, the amount of mucus increases and it also becomes thinner, clearer, and more slippery, said the March of Dimes. When cervical mucus becomes more slippery, it can help sperm make its way to the egg.
Gents, Celebrate Yourself With A Healthy Dose Of Male Grooming
The threat of ageing doesn't only affect women.
As more men wake up to the realisation that looking after themselves is important, male grooming is trending more than ever.
A misguided illusion, however, is that good grooming practices will negatively alter how people see you, but we are here to tell you that you should totally divulge in a regular visit to a skin care clinic, or be proud of that specialist barber you have on call.
But if you already fly that high, have you ever considered the range injectables on offer? The benefits of a little jab here and there is no longer taboo.
The way neurotoxins (a.k.a Botox or Dysport) and fillers are used on men is different to women. An experienced medical aesthetics doctor can do plenty for your look by simply maintaining, or enhancing, your existing features.
Used to erase fatigue lines, plump up unhealthy-looking hollows or tighten a slackening jawline, let's take a closer look:
Anti-wrinkle solutions – Botulinum toxin
The most well known anti-ageing solution, anti-wrinkle injectables have been safely used for many years. They work by temporarily deactivating muscle contractions and, as a result, stop deep frowns or wrinkles from worsening.
Because men generally have both a thicker skin and better-developed muscles, the dosage required may be more than that of a female counterpart. The rule of thumb is between 1,5 and 2 times the amount of Botulinum a woman would receive.
The treatment lasts for approximately three months.
Loss of volume solutions – Dermal fillers
As we age we tend to lose facial volume and for men, this can be even more pronounced. Deep folds tend to form around the nose, mouth and under-eye area, and the cheek area will start to look hollow.
A simple dermal filler injection into areas that have lost volume can help. The areas treated include: under the eyes, the temples, cheek hollows and deep-seated wrinkles.
Fillers such as the very popular Restylane are most commonly made from hyaluronic acid, a substance that naturally made by the body. Hyaluronic acid absorbs multiple times its own weight in water.
Our advice:
Always go to a trained, specialised doctor who knows where to place the injection and how much to inject for best results. Skin Renewal are the only professionals you need, who will help you with anti-aging treatments and even a little hair removal work.
You will leave feeling like a whole new man.
[source:skinonline]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Follow @insidefutbol
Barcelona director Guillermo Amor believes that in Chelsea his side have drawn one of the strongest last 16 opponents in the Champions League they could have faced.
Antonio Conte's men finishing second in their group opened the way to a tough last 16 tie and the Blues have been given a tough task with Barcelona.
Amor admits that Barcelona could have had an easier tie than Chelsea, but the former Blaugrana midfielder insists that the best must be beaten if a side want to win the Champions League.
" If you want to win the Champions League, you must face everyone", Amor told Barça TV.
"Chelsea were one of the strongest teams we could face", he continued.
"In the last eight there were many difficult teams, even those who seem smaller."
While Chelsea boss Conte conceded the Premier League title following a weekend defeat at West Ham, Barcelona is on course to scoop up La Liga this term.
The Blaugrana currently sit top of La Liga with a five-point lead over Valencia and have yet to lose a game in the current campaign, conceding just seven goals.
In case you missed it, football is well and truly coming home after the most dramatic 120 minutes of play last night, followed by a nailbiting penalty shootout.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Two cats with an unlikely bond finally have a home, thanks to the power of social media.
Ray is blind and was found in September on the streets. He is a lot more confident with his best friend, Bea, around. The cats do everything as a pair, they even lived in the same kennel at Sacramento's Front Street Animal Shelter.
"Really gives him a lot of confidence and reassurance that everything is OK," said Ryan Hinderman, who works at Front Street.
They have been waiting for three months for a home that would accept both of them. So, the shelter went to Facebook to find the perfect family for the two best friends.
Kaylee Grunau and her family showed up at the same time as a KTXL news crew.
Grunau had seen Front Street's video and wanted to meet the cats in person. After months of searching and thousands of shares on social media, Ray and Bea found their match.
"Just because a cat has a disability doesn't mean that you can't at least check it out and see if it would be a good fit for your home," Grunau said.
CLEVELAND — Joe Girardi luxuriated in champagne Tuesday night, a celebratory bath earned with a maestro performance in which he expertly read the moment and his players to piece together 26 winning outs from his bullpen.
The good vibes and goodwill lasted three days — enough distance from wild-card euphoria against the Twins to Division Series anguish against the Indians; Joe McCarthy to Art Howe in a few easy lessons.
Girardi did not have a good Game 2 on Friday night, but his sixth inning stands as the lowest moment in his 10 years as Yankees skipper. A Stump Merrill inning. A Bucky Dent inning. An inning that served as the trigger for a 9-8 Indians win in 13 innings and what is now the Yankees' likely extinction from the 2017 season, trailing 0-2 in this best-of-five.
A lot was questionable in the bottom of the sixth — removing CC Sabathia after just 77 pitches and sticking with Chad Green when there were overt signs he lacked his best stuff. But this game — this excruciating game for the Yankees — will be remembered for Girardi not challenging a hit-by-pitch, for ignoring clear cues he absolutely should have.
The Yankees led 8-3. There were runners on second and third, two outs. Green delivered an inside pitch to Lonnie Chisenhall that redirected from the hitter into catcher Gary Sanchez's glove. Home-plate ump Dan Iassogna called it a hit-by-pitch.
But the first cue to Girardi that he should have challenged the play was the fact Chisenhall made no initial movement to first as if he had been hit. Chase Headley said he was screaming from the bench Chisenhall hadn't been hit based just on that. Plus, Sanchez, told the manager the ball hit the knob of the bat.
Girardi held up the game to wait for word from his replay crew to see if he should challenge. But here is the thing — just challenge. It was the sixth inning. He had two challenges in his pocket. This was the last, the best chance the Indians were likely to have to get back into this game. Plus, from the seventh inning on, the umps can review a play they deem questionable even if the manager is out of challenges.
Girardi said several times afterward that he did not want to “break a pitcher's rhythm” with a challenge. But that is ludicrous for a variety of reasons, including that perhaps no catchers go out to the mound more frequently than Yankees catchers. They are breaking the rhythm of the pitchers all the time.
Girardi said he did not want to wait two minutes and find out that it was a hit-by-pitch and then Green would have to find his pace again. But if that really were a problem, he could have just brought in David Robertson, who was warmed up.
Another huge mistake was, “I told them after 30 seconds we weren't challenging.” The sport is indeed trying to speed the game up. But at that point, Girardi should have made the umps restart the action, not give them approval to do so. This would have allowed him to wait longer for all the information to come in.
For it was not long after that Headley noticed Girardi get a phone call and grow frustrated. The super slow motion view had taken a little longer, but showed the ball had indeed caromed off the knob into Sanchez's mitt for what should have been the final out. Girardi expressed frustration that these are the rules — 30 seconds to decide. But again, make the umps legislate the 30 seconds. Plus, after this much time, Girardi knows the super slo-mo takes a bit, underscoring the necessity to just go ahead and challenge anyway.
“Obviously that was not optimal, it was a huge play in the game,” Headley said.
But Girardi's malfeasance went beyond that. Green normally is dominant, overmatching even the best hitters. But Yan Gomes, perhaps the softest mark in the Cleveland lineup, fouled off three 1-2 pitches before ripping a double to make it second and third, and then Chisenhall fouled off four 0-2 pitches before getting “hit” to load the bases.
Gary Sanchez pumps his fist after hitting a first-inning, two-run home run. Anthony J. Causi Starlin Castro gives a "thumbs down" to the Yankees dugout in celebration of his double in the first inning. Charles Wenzelberg Corey Kluber hands the ball to Terry Francona, as the Yankees force his exit in the third inning. Getty Images CC Sabathia celebrates after a strikeout in the second inning. Getty Images Aaron Hicks (right) jumps up to high-five Starlin Castro after giving the Yankees a big lead with a three-run home run in the third inning. Getty Images Greg Bird (right) meets Didi Gregorius at the plate after hitting a two-run home run in the fifth inning. AP Francisco Lindor rounds the bases after hitting a grand slam off Chad Green in the sixth inning. AP Jay Bruce rounds the bases after tying the game on a solo home run off David Robertson in the eighth inning. Getty Images Ad Up Next ‘Vegan Bernie Madoff' freed from Rikers So-called “Bad Vegan” Sarma Melngailis was freed from Rikers Island... 8 View Slideshow Back Continue Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook Messenger
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
Advertisement
These were signs Green did not have his put-away stuff. Robertson was warmed up. Girardi said he stuck with Green because he had pitched well against Francisco Lindor, Cleveland's terrific leadoff man. In 2017, Green had struck out Lindor both times he faced him.
But it was just two at-bats. Why would that be more important information than how Green looked at that moment? Green tried to throw a backdoor slider to Lindor at 1-0, hung it and Lindor crushed it for a grand slam.
“I feel I have to take the blame,” Green said. “I have to do a better job of getting out of that inning.”
Sure, that's true. But he is still a young player. He has an experienced manager in the dugout who needs to read the moment, feel the urgency, get the signals better.
On Tuesday night, Girardi did that and his team advanced to the Division Series.
On Friday night, he managed perhaps his worst game with the Yankees. His team now trails 0-2. This will be excruciating forever.
× Azubuike withdraws from draft, set for junior year at Kansas
LAWRENCE, Kan. — Kansas forward Udoka Azubuike withdrew his name from the NBA draft on Wednesday, choosing to return for his junior season after participating in the combine.
The 7-footer from Nigeria started 34 games last season, averaging 13 points and seven rebounds. He shot 77 percent from the field, a Big 12 record and the best mark in the nation.
Azubuike is a traditional back-to-the-basket big man, and scouts have wondered how his skills would transfer to the NBA. The league's up-tempo pace and the value placed on big men who can shoot from outside go against his strengths, and developing an outside shot will likely be an emphasis at Kansas.
Azubuike said in a statement that he received “good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month.” He did not hire an agent and had until Wednesday's deadline to withdraw.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
If you haven't been keeping up with the 2018 NFL draft, we've got you covered. We've compiled all the info you need to know — from positional rankings to team needs to the number of picks each team has — in one graphic that will make you an instant draft expert.
The first round of the 2017 NFL draft kicks off Thursday April 26 at 8 p.m. eastern on FOX, NFL Network, ESPN and ESPN2.
Day 2 coverage, featuring rounds two and three, picks up on NFL Network, FOX, ESPN and ESPN2 at 7 p.m. on April 27.
Day 3 covers rounds four through seven. Coverage starts at noon on ABC, NFL Network and ESPN.
Follow @insidefutbol
Rangers manager Steven Gerrard is all set for his first season in charge of the club and says that the Gers are eagerly waiting to play in front of their own supporters.
The Gers will host English League Two side Bury on Friday in a friendly clash, before Shkupi arrive to provide the opposition in the first leg of Rangers' Europa League first qualifying round tie.
The Liverpool legend believes that it is a huge week in front of him at Rangers, and feels that every week is of equal importance for the manager of a club.
The manager is of the opinion that the third week of pre-season will be a different kind of test for the players and they are looking forward to playing in front of their supporters at Ibrox.
Gerrard was quoted as saying by the BBC: "It's a big week, but isn't every week when you are the manager of a club this size?
"We're just off the back of 10 days in Spain, but the first two weeks of pre-season were huge as well.
"We move into the third week and now it's about games, about playing against opposition, so it's a different type of test for the players.
"Then obviously moving on into Ibrox, our home, and we're certainly looking forward to playing in front of our supporters."
The former England skipper will look to shine as a manager in his first season in charge by helping Rangers taste success again.
Wendy Williams has some killer 'Gossip' Exclusive: Daytime talk show maven Wendy Williams will host and produce a new series for ID called “Death By Gossip With Wendy Williams,” recounting murders fueled by rumor and innuendo....
Sweet '16: CBS renews 'Mom,' Mike & Molly' and '2 Broke Girls' CBS has renewed “Mom,” “Mike & Molly” and “2 Broke Girls,” keeping the three comedies on the schedule for the 2015-16 season. “Mom” — starring Anna Faris and Allison Janney...
Star snaps of the day Alessandra Ambrosio brings us back, Miley Cyrus and Rihanna show skin with Tom Ford, the "American Idol" judges get to work and more.
First look at Kim Kardashian on '2 Broke Girls' The first image of Kim Kardashian's highly publicized appearance on “2 Broke Girls” has been released, and naturally the reality-TV queen looks head-to-toe chic. Sporting sleek, straight locks and a...
Manta rays are some of the sea's most graceful creatures, capable of gliding almost effortlessly and able to swim efficiently even in turbulent water. Now, researchers at the National University of Singapore have created a robot that mimics the manta.
Dubbed “MantaDroid,” the cute little bot is about 14 inches long and 25 inches wide and weighs 1.5 pounds. Using its pair of flexible pectoral fins, each powered by a single electric motor, it's able to swim for up to 10 hours.
“Manta rays are known to be extremely efficient swimmers,” Chew Chee Meng, an associate professor in the university's department of mechanical engineering, told NBC News MACH in an email. “We wanted to explore an alternative solution to traditional propeller-based thrusters that are used by most autonomous underwater vehicles.”
The robot could be used for search and rescue operations, as well as to perform underwater surveys and inspections, like those conducted by environmental groups. It could even be deployed in swarms for faster, more efficient searches and surveys, according to the researchers.
The engineers spent two years testing 40 different fin designs, aiming to recreate how real-life manta rays thrust forward by flapping their fins to drive water backwards. They say the MantaDroid achieved “good maneuverability” when tested in a pool. The bot was able to swim at a top speed of 2.3 feet per second — equivalent to almost 1.6 miles per hour.
Like its real-life counterpart, the MantaDroid has a wide, flat body, which means it could be equipped with multiple sensors on its “belly.” And the fins seem to have big benefits over propellers, Meng said. In addition to being less likely to get tangled in aquatic plants, they cause less turbulence than props.
“As a whole, MantaDroid tends to have less environmental impacts on marine ecosystems,” Meng said.
Meng and his colleagues want to test the MantaDroid in a marine environment to study its swimming ability at various depths, and to gauge its ability to handle currents.
The engineers are also working to make the bot autonomous.
“We plan to incorporate sensors and implement perception algorithms on the current prototype to make MantaDroid autonomous after we have completed the maneuverability study and design optimization,” Meng said.
Image copyright Rightacres Property Image caption BBC Wales is moving to a new HQ in central Cardiff
BBC Wales is to close 83 jobs in its technology, operations and archives departments, it has announced.
The changes come ahead of the relocation of the broadcaster's headquarters from Llandaff to Cardiff's Central Square.
The total number of jobs closing is 83 but the corporation said 18 new roles would be created as part of to restructure.
The changes are expected by the end of 2019 or early 2020.
A consultation with affected staff and union representatives is under way.
Director of BBC Cymru Wales, Rhodri Talfan Davies said: "The move to Central Square is the biggest transformation project ever undertaken by BBC Wales - and the proposed changes, while extremely difficult, are essential if we're to ready the organisation for the relocation.
"With such a major investment in new technology systems - including a fully digitised archive - changes were inevitable.
"But I know today's announcements will cause a good deal of concern, and we will be doing everything possible to support colleagues during this time of change."
Among those affected by the planned restructure are 35 members of staff who currently work for S4C but who will transfer to the BBC when both broadcasters share transmission and playout systems in the new building.
S4C currently has its own facility at its headquarters in the Llanishen area of Cardiff but will shortly begin relocating its own staff to a new office in Carmarthen.
In April, the BBC took possession of its new building in Central Square.
It will become the first broadcasting centre in the UK to use internet protocol (IP) technology, which will be used across the building including for controlling cameras and editing TV footage.
The BBC's overall investment in the new building is around £100m, while its existing headquarters in Llandaff will be developed for housing.
BBC Wales has recently digitised its archive of tapes and films that had been stored at its Llandaff headquarters, allowing staff to access historical broadcasts at their computers.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Our first known interstellar visitor likely came from a two-star system.
That's the latest from astronomers who were amazed by the mysterious cigar-shaped object, detected as it passed through our inner solar system last fall.
The University of Toronto's Alan Jackson reported Monday that the asteroid — the first confirmed object in our solar system originating elsewhere — is probably from a binary star system. That's where two stars orbit a common center. According to Jackson and his team, the asteroid was likely ejected from its system as planets formed.
“It has been wandering interstellar space for a long time since,” the scientists wrote in the Royal Astronomical Society's journal, Monthly Notices .
Discovered in October by a telescope in Hawaii millions of miles away, the asteroid is called Oumuamua, Hawaiian for messenger from afar arriving first, or scout. The red-tinged rock is estimated to be possibly 1,300 feet (400 meters) long and zooming away from the Earth and sun at more than 16 miles (26 kilometers) per second.
Last month, a science team led by Wesley Fraser of Queen's University Belfast reported that Oumuamua is actually tumbling through space, likely the result of a collision with another asteroid or other object that kicked it out of its home solar system. He expects it to continue tumbling for billions of more years.
Scientists originally thought it might be an icy comet, but now agree it is an asteroid.
“The same way we use comets to better understand planet formation in our own solar system, maybe this curious object can tell us more about how planets form in other systems.” Jackson said in a statement.
Close binary star systems may be the source of the majority of interstellar objects out there, both icy comets and rocky asteroids, according to the researchers.
The founder of a Chinese startup jostling for a slice of the world's biggest electric-vehicle market says the race for leadership in the industry has barely started.
While a slew of startups has helped raise the pitch for the environment-friendly vehicles, real competition would emerge only when industry giants such as Daimler AG, Toyota Motor Corp. and General Motors Co. jump in with their full might, said Lu Qun, chairman and founder of Qiantu Motor and a former Jeep engineer. That would pose an existential threat to the dozens of startups including his own, he said.
“There's only one source of anxiety that bugs us,” Lu said in an interview in his office on the outskirts of Beijing. “That is whether we could survive when the multinationals really strike with force. But we are not pessimistic. We wouldn't have started if we don't believe that we have a chance.”
China's push for cleaner automobiles with subsidies and other incentives have spawned dozens of EV startups including Lu's Qiantu Motor, pitting them against the Daimlers and GMs. While the lumbering carmakers can only envy the nimbleness of the small companies, the startups are handicapped by their lack of manufacturing capability, which is necessary to cap costs and match the titans.
VW to Tesla Set to Win From China Move to Remove Ownership Caps
Qiantu Motor is set to kick off sales of its 700,000 yuan ($111,000) K50 sportscar in July. The battery-powered car can accelerate from zero to 100 kilometers in 4.6 seconds and can reach a maximum speed of 200 kilometers per hour (124 mph). It has a range of 365 kilometers on a single charge.
The company is the first startup to have cleared two industry regulators' approval to make and sell electric cars in China. It also plans to start sales of K20 compact electric cars in the second half of next year, targeting young consumers buying their very first automobile, and a bigger model by 2020, said Lu, who left Beijing Jeep Corp. in 2003 to start Beijing CH-Auto Technology Co., a car design company.
“Manufacturing a good car is a very easy job for Volkswagen and Toyota as it is kind of default for them,” Lu said. “That is something Chinese companies have been striving to achieve.”
— With assistance by Ying Tian
A 2-month-old Bronx boy suffered horrific injuries over the weekend in a home that's been visited four times over the past two years by child services workers — and cops consider both parents suspects, police sources told The Post on Monday.
Emergency service units rushed to the home of Kadiha Marrow around 10 a.m. Saturday when his mother reported he was having trouble breathing, the sources said.
Ashley Rosario told cops that the baby's father, Cimmie Wright, 23, came to visit him on Thursday evening about 7 p.m. and that she went to the store with her 2-year-old to purchase the baby's milk. Wright, who has 11 prior arrests, is homeless, the sources said.
The mother said that when she left the apartment the baby was awake and the father was holding him in his arms. But when she returned 45 minutes later the baby was sleeping in his crib and the father was in the kitchen.
When the mom asked Wright if the baby was crying and if he changed the baby's diaper, he ignored her, the sources said. She said the dad left at about 9 p.m.
The mom said she woke the baby for his feeding about two or three hours later, and that he was having trouble breathing. She said she continued trying to feed him every two to three hours and then finally called for help around 10 a.m.
Doctors at Mt. Sinai Hospital determined the baby suffered a list of injuries, including hemorrhaging of his eye, bleeding on his brain, a bruise above his left eye and swelling of his eyelid.
The family has a history with the city's Administration for Children's Services, which investigates suspected abuse, and has been visited four times by caseworkers.
Two cases of inadequate guardianship in 2015 and 2016 were found to be valid against the mom. Two other cases in 2016 for excessive corporal punishment and injuries consistent with child abuse were determined to be unfounded. The baby's sister, Jaziah Marrow, 2, was listed as the victim in the cases, the sources said.
Wright's prior arrests include one in March on a charge of assault with intent to cause physical injury in which Rosario was the victim at a prior address, the sources said. He was listed as homeless the last time he was arrested, police sources said.
The Ben Hogan Golf Equipment brand, despite laying off most of its employees at the end of last year, has not disappeared. In fact, it's in the midst of reinventing itself as a direct-to-consumer, cut-out-the-retail-mark-up, e-commerce business—all while trying to stay true to the timeless appeal of its namesake.
Scott White, CEO of the Ben Hogan Golf Equipment Company and now the newly reorganized BH Golf Equipment LLC, thinks the change to move away from traditional retail and green-grass pro shops wasn't easy, but it was necessary.
“There was a lot of discussion, a lot of gnashing of teeth, pulling of hair and even conversations about ‘Do we just close this thing down?'” he said. “None of us wanted to do that because we all believe there is a place for the Ben Hogan brand in the golf industry.
“We're never going to try to be everything to everybody like the big OEMs are. We're going to be precise and focused on the Hogan aficionado, the more accomplished player who plays a lot of golf.”
White said the traditional retail route just became “too expensive for us.” Now, those cost savings are a big part of the company's gameplan going forward.
Thanks to the funding of ExWorks Capital, a primary investor in the original reincarnation of the Ben Hogan Golf Equipment Company and now a significant owner in BH Golf Equipment LLC, the Ben Hogan brand will offer many of the clubs it introduced in 2015 and 2016 at greatly reduced prices. As an example, the multi-piece, PTx irons, which debuted at $1,200 a set are now being offered at $770 at benhogangolf.com, while the VKTR hybrid is half its original offering price of $270 at $135 on the website. The company experimented with the direct-to-consumer pricing model this spring before settling on its current lineup, which also now will include just two stock set make-ups in its iron lines that originally offered an individual clubhead at every single-degree loft from 20 to 47 degrees.
“We're going to take our normal mark-up, but this is basically wholesale pricing,” White said. “This is what we would sell our product to a retailer for. It's not discounted product, it just hasn't been marked up.”
The rest of the Ben Hogan lineup includes the Fort Worth forged blade irons ($665), the Fort Worth Hi Utility iron ($95) and the TK 15 wedges ($95). White said the company plans to add more branded accessories (hats, bags) and perhaps additional clubs by early 2018.
But all will only be available through its website.
“What we're doing has been done before, but not really by a company with a brand like ours and a retail history like ours,” White said. “We're optimistic that it's a long-term strategy that can work for us.
“It's not only a price thing, it's a brand thing. People know what we stand for and we're not going to waver from our commitment to making great-looking, great feeling forged clubs.”
He conceded that under the current structure there is no fitting commitment and no demo element to the clubs, two things that are increasingly important in the selling of golf clubs. White said the company will work to find ways to get clubs in golfers' hands for trial, but he emphasized, “we're not a fitting company. Come to us with your specs and we'll build you a set of clubs exactly the way you want.”
White says the new distribution plan is a sign of the times, and he thinks the reputation of the Ben Hogan brand won't be negatively impacted by the lower prices and website-only availability.
“It's a delicate balancing act, and I can tell you that if this were five years ago, we wouldn't have gone this route,” he said. “But as e-commerce in general becomes more popular, this is the way of the future so I don't think there is any kind of negative connotation associated with it anymore.”
White's goals are to move the brand forward based on the strengths of Ben Hogan the company, not merely the man.
“I don't mean to be disrespectful, but I don't want to build a shrine to him,” White said. “I'd really rather capture his values in building great golf equipment. That's really what the company is all about, continuing his legacy in that area. Great product that performs extraordinarily well and now at a price that more people than ever before can afford.”
Backpacker dies after taking diarrhea pills from Cambodian pharmacist A British backpacker and her pal were found dead in a Cambodian hostel, after taking drugs given to them by a local pharmacist for food poisoning, authorities said. Natalie Seymour, 22,...
Thailand is sick of backpackers begging for money to get home Thailand is cracking down on “beg-packers” — shameless Western backpackers begging for travel money on the streets of Southeast Asia. According to reports, visitors entering Thailand may be required to...
Sorry, backpackers, 'seeing the world' is a terrible excuse to beg Photos of “begpackers” are inundating my social media feeds. Schlubby, smiley travelers across Southeast Asia are camping out on sidewalks and on public transit, asking passersby for money to pad their...
Tourist held captive for months in Australian outback The young British backpacker who was allegedly held for two months and abused by a Cairns man has been captured on CCTV at a roadhouse just moments before her rescue....
Woman hitchhikes across the world on just $200 Like many millennials, Petrina Thong, a 30-year-old scriptwriter, was going through an existential crisis. “I was reading about people who live alternative lifestyles and don't need much money and survive...
Visitors prove their idiocy by jumping off really high European bridge How and when does a boy become a man? You may automatically think something traditional like a bar mitzvah, but one European country has a very unique coming-of-age custom that...
After a one-year absence, AJ Allmendinger will return to the Rolex 24 at Daytona next month.
Allmendinger, who drives for JTG Daugherty Racing in the NASCAR Cup Series, will once again drive for Michael Shank Racing in the endurance race at Daytona International Speedway, which will be held Jan. 27 – 28.
A winner in the 2012 Rolex 24 at Daytona, Allmendinger will split time in the No. 93 Acura NSX GT3 in the GTD class with Justin Marks, Lawson Aschenbach and Mario Farnbacher.
Allmendinger drove for Michael Shank Racing in the endurance race from 2014-16. His best result during that stretch was fifth in the Prototype class in 2015.
“I am pumped to be back racing for Shank in the (Rolex) 24. I missed the race last year and I hated to, so I'm really glad to be back,” Allmendinger said in a press release. “His whole team did an awesome job with the Acura last year and it is awesome to be back with him for the Rolex. After racing for the overall win so many years in Prototypes, it will be a completely different experience to be racing in the GTD class, but I'm looking forward to it. Mike (Shank) always puts an awesome team together and this year is no different so I am counting down to get my first shot in this car.”
Allmendinger is coming off his fourth full year of driving the No. 47 Chevrolet for JTG Daugherty Racing. He finished the season 27th in the standings, his worst during his tenure with the team. He earned one top five and five top 10s.
Follow @DanielMcFadin
Perth Theatre bosses are confident they can reach their £1.5 million fundraising goal before the venue is ready to reopen.
Horsecross Arts, the creative force behind the city centre venue's redevelopment, has announced it has already raised £400,000.
The campaign has been boosted by awards and donations from several trusts and foundations, as well as money from seat dedications.
Horsecross has already confirmed pledges of £15.1m towards the £16.6m transformation from, among others, Perth and Kinross Council, Creative Scotland, the Gannochy Trust and the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The £1.5m final phase is to help fully kit out the restored and redeveloped building.
Construction has reached a further milestone with gilding work under way at the B-listed auditorium.
A massive crane, which arrived at the site last summer, has finished its work and will be removed later this month.
Horsecross Arts chief executive Gwilym Gibbons said: “We are delighted to be nearly a third of the way towards reaching our £1.5 million fundraising target to fully kit out the transformed Perth Theatre.
“We have been overwhelmed by the generosity and commitment of all our funders.”
What about all the great dads out there? All the hands-on dads out there? I'm constantly hearing and seeing women moan about what their man doesn't do. Not all men are this way inclined, don't you know.
They are, of course, entitled to moan if their man isn't pulling their weight at home and with the kids. However, I'm so lucky to say I'm not one of those women. Thank God! And I wouldn't have it any other way.
Daddy Chambers is a hands-on dad. Everything in our house is split 50/50. We share the load equally.
We both work full-time jobs outside the home, so we're both incredibly busy. Why should one of us take on more of the housework or do the routine stuff with the kids?
From the minute Aidan was born, Daddy Chambers was a hands-on dad. In fact he changed his first ever nappy in The Coombe when Aidan was only a couple of hours old.
We shared the night feeds — if truth be told, he actually did more of them than I did. I don't cope very well with anything in the middle of the night!
Those rank dirty nappies never fazed him, bathing them as tiny babies never fazed him; none of it did.
If I go on a night out or a night or two away with friends, he's at home with the kids. And he never uses the term babysitting. Don't you just hate it when men say they are babysitting their own kids? I do anyway; it drives me round the twist!
He doesn't need help from anyone else. He cooks for them, he picks out clothes for them to wear and he takes them away for weekends in Galway to see Nanny and Grandad Chambers on their own. Now I must admit they wouldn't be the most stylishly dressed or colour coordinated children when he gets them ready, but at least he does it, at least he makes the effort.
To many, the above is the norm but to others it isn't. I'm amazed at how many dads aren't hands-on, at how many dads that don't actually pull their weight.
Each to their own, and all that, but personally I wouldn't stand for anything less. Why should I?
Read also: Newbridge mum's 'working mammy' guilt kicks in as school starts
Aidan and Sarah are OUR children and the house is OUR house, so why should it be my responsibility to care for them and my responsibility to keep the house in order?
I think this is especially relevant where both parents are out of the house working, which is the case with us. I don't think I'd be able to do it all on my own anyway. And speaking of keeping the house in order, he's good at that too. Not as good as me, mind you, but he tries! I take care of the hoovering and the majority of laundry but only because I'm fussy about both.
Now don't get me wrong. On occasions his dirty jocks end up on the floor and he's useless at doing Sarah's hair, but for the most part he is great around the house. A real hands-on dad, a real hands-on husband. He makes Aidan's lunch for school probably three out of the five days, cleans up after dinner most evenings and emptying the dishwasher is his forte!
He has no qualms about scrubbing the toilets, making beds or tidying up the playroom. He even takes notions sometimes and hoovers all the dust of the skirting boards, something I would never think of doing! I hate dusting.
And research even suggests that kids with hands-on fathers are better behaved.
If you don't believe me, do a Google search on it!
I have a good man; a great man. And I count my blessings. If I had a fella that left me to do it all, I think I'd have a nervous breakdown! Either that or we'd be divorced!
Life is hectic enough as it is! So to Daddy Chambers, you are a gem. So too are all the other hands-on men. To the ones that are not — sort yourselves out, will you! It's time to make your arrival in to the 21st century! Start pulling your weight!
Newbridge mum Ruth writes the weekly 'It's Just A Phase' column in the Leinster Leader.
You can contact me on ruth@itsjustaphase.ie; Twitter - @_itsjustaphase_; Instagram - @itsjustaphaseblog, or you'll find more of my musings at www.itsjustaphase.ie.
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. — The fiery crash along Interstate 435 on July 17 has claimed one life.
Willie “Darryl” Wilson, 54, passed away early Saturday, weeks after he was pulled from his SUV that was one of the five vehicles involved in the chain reaction crash. His SUV caught fire and Wilson suffered horrific burns, and has spent the past few weeks in a hospital undergoing treatment to save his life.
Witnesses at the time said it was a miracle no one was killed. On Saturday, Wilson succumbed to his injuries.
Bryson Clinkenbeard was heading home on I-435 when he witnessed the crash and heard several explosions.
“Giant fireball. I saw one of the semi trucks and a vehicle slam into the back of it,” Clinkenbeard said in the days following the crash. “Everything was just like engulfed in flames. Scared me to death.”
“And I saw that truck driver jump out right away, he just went right into action but there was no way he could go back to help anyone because that explosion was between him and any vehicles behind,” another witness said.
It happened in the construction zone along I-435 between Antioch and 69 Highway. Overland Park police said even without the construction, this is a dangerous area. I-435 and Metcalf is the number one crash site in Overland Park.
A GoFundMe page was set up to help Wilson's family pay for his medical expenses.
SAN JOSE, Calif. – San Jose Earthquakes rookie midfielder Jackson Yueill scored just four minutes into his professional debut, sending his club on its way to a 2-0 victory against the NASL's San Francisco Deltas in a Fourth Round U.S. Open Cup match Wednesday night.
With just his fifth touch of the match, Yueill – the sixth overall pick in the 2017 MLS SuperDraft – spun at 14 yards and knocked home a deflected free kick from teammate Danny Hoesen.
Cordell Cato doubled San Jose's advantage just two minutes later, cashing in an acrobatic rebound attempt at the Deltas' goalmouth after San Francisco goalkeeper Steward Ceus saved Cato's initial try.
San Jose keeper Andrew Tarbell, making his first appearance of 2017, recorded six saves and netted a clean sheet.
Goals
4' – SJ – Jackson Yueill Watch
6' – SJ – Cordell Cato Watch
Full box score
Stats
Lineups
SAN JOSE EARTHQUAKES (3-5-2, right to left): #28 Andrew Tarbell -- #24 Nick Lima, #15 Andres Imperiale, #5 Victor Bernardez, -- #7 Cordell Cato, #49 Simon Dawkins, #23 Florian Jungwirth (Janjigian 73'), #14 Jackson Yueill, #22 Tommy Thompson -- #9 Danny Hoesen (Salinas 68'), #8 Chris Wondolowski
SUBS: #1 David Bingham, #12 Matt Bersano, #36 Thomas Janjigian, #10 Jahmir Hyka, #6 Shea Salinas
SAN FRANCISCO DELTAS (4-3-3, right to left): #12 Steward Ceus -- #7 Jackson, #3 Nana Attakora, #5 Reiner Ferreira, #5 Kenny Teijsse (Hopkins 63') -- #4 Tyler Gibson (Sandoval 46'), #8 Cristian Portilla, #10 Kyle Bekker -- #25 Danny Cruz (Lubahn 73'), #9 Tommy Heinemann, #30 Michael Stephens
SUBS: #24 Alex Mangels, #20 Karl Ouimette, #2 Bryan Burke, #6 Patrick Hopkins, #27 Andrew Lubahn, #23 Greg Jordan, #17 Devon Sandoval
National Focus for Monday April 23, 2018 with Prisca Julien and Creole Highlights with Shaakira Pierre. Top Stories: Hon. Minister for Justice, Immigration and National Security refutes claims of unhealthy work conditions at the Registry and Government appoints resident Ambassador to Russia.
This is Michael Stevenson, an 18-year-old from Canton, Michigan, and his dad Mike. Michael told BuzzFeed News his dad is "a really fun guy who is a kind of gets really excited about the little things."
One of those little things is the fact that recently their town provided residents with brand new, big recycling bins.
Michael explained that the old recycling bins had been an annoyance for his dad for a while.
"Every week we have to take out the trash and the recycling, but the old recycling containers were these little bins that you kind of had to work to consolidate all the recyclables in it," he explained.
"Walking is the least expensive exercise modality to start and maintain," says Irv Rubenstein, exercise physiologist and founder of Scientific Training and Exercise Prescription Specialists (S.T.E.P.S.) in Nashville, TN. “Walking also helps control blood sugar, improves cardiovascular health, reduces bone loss and improves mental health." According to a study published in the International Journal of Epidemiology, walking just 30 minutes a day, five days a week can even help you live longer.
But to really benefit from a walking routine, you need to stick with it and constantly “find ways to challenge yourself,” says Tom Holland, exercise physiologist and author of "Swim, Bike, Run—Eat." Here's how you do that!
Listen to Your Heart
A heart rate monitor helps you track your effort by measuring your exertion. “Most people don't workout nearly as hard as they think they do,” says Holland. Wear the heart rate monitor for a few workouts to find your average heart rate. When you work out, you should be striving for five to 10 beats above your baseline, suggests Holland.
For more of a challenge try hill intervals: power your way up the hill and walk down; repeat several times.
Work in Intervals
Interval training involves alternate bouts of more intense exercise with lower-intensity periods. These short, higher-effort bursts burn more calories than working at one intensity for the same amount of time because of an “after burn” effect called EPOC (excess post exercise oxygen consumption). You actually wind up burning more calories after the workout and for a time afterward!
Here's a sample routine: Alternate between 30 to 60 seconds of higher intensity (speed walking) with 60 seconds of slow to moderate exertion (walking at a normal pace). Use your heart monitor to help you gauge! Don't do intervals every workout, says Holland. Aim for three longer, endurance days and 2 shorter interval days.
00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Do It Better: Lunge 00:00:27
Pick Up the Pace
Walking faster instantly boosts calorie burn. For weight loss, you'll need to do more than stroll. For example, a 150-lb woman walking slowly at 2.0 mph burns approximately 72 calories per half hour. If she picks the pace up to 3.5 mph (a moderately brisk pace), she burns 136 calories for the same time. If she walks a very brisk 4.0 mph, she burns nearly 180 calories. And if she picks it up to a light jog at a 5.0 mph pace, she burns a whopping 286 calories.
Hike a Hill
If you have difficulty increasing your walking pace, find a hill or two—or an incline if you're on a treadmill. Adding difficulty in any way will help up the calorie burn. “If you walk on an incline treadmill avoid hanging on to it or you'll take away the benefit,” says Holland, referring to a common bad habit. Holding on to the treadmill railing reduces calorie burn by allowing the machine to support your body weight, says Holland. For more of a challenge try hill intervals: power your way up the hill and walk down; repeat several times.
Find a Walking Buddy
A walking partner can add friendly competition, as long as you avoid turning your walk into a lazy social hour. Keep up the pace by turning your intervals into a game: Alternate picking a goal (like a mailbox, telephone pole or other landmark) and race to it. Winner gets to pick the next go-to object. Try different trails and walking paths to add variety and increase the walking challenge.
Walk Like a Skier
Using Nordic walking poles gets your upper body into the action, which increases calorie burn, says Holland. Several studies show using walking poles also reduced impact on the knees and increased walking speed because it provides less perceived exertion (meaning, it feels easier without actually being easier).
Proper way to use walking poles: Firmly position the pole at a 45-degree angle behind you, then push back strongly against the ground to propel yourself forward.
Add Resistance
Light hand weights add some resistance and calorie burn to your walk, but ankle weights are not recommended. “They change your natural gait,” says Holland.
Your best option is a weighted vest, which evenly distributes the added load (note: check with your doctor first if you have hip, knee or ankle problems). The increased weight instantly increases your calorie burn.
This article originally appeared on TODAY Health & Wellness.
