For the past 27 years we have suffered sleepless night after sleepless night, ravaged with insomnia and plagued by one thing… the plot hole in Home Alone that just does not make sense.
In case you lived in a home where classic pieces of cinema such as Home Alone weren't watched, let us fill you in on the plot. Kevin McCallister, a child, is left home alone. Caught up? Good.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's a pretty straightforward plot, we'll admit, but one thing was never explained. Early on in the film, a tree falls on the phone lines during a storm and destroys them, meaning Kevin (Macaulay Culkin) can't contact his parents. But somehow, he still manages to call and order a pizza not long after.
Philosophers and scholars alike have long debated what sorcery was afoot here, but now, there is an answer thanks to one Reddit user who is apparently fairly knowledgeable when it comes to phone lines.
"I always assumed the tree actually severed the main trunk line to the whole town, but local calls within the same exchange still worked."
Huffington Post confirmed this by speaking to a representative from American telecommunications company AT&T, who says this is likely to be the case.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"Everything is changing now because of all this phone capability is moving into the cloud, but in 1990, that was absolutely a plausible scenario.
"When you're trying to call from Paris, now you're relying on a whole series of connections including undersea cables, any one of which could have a problem, which would prevent you from reaching some particular telephone number."
And now the world finally makes sense again.
Follow Claire on Twitter.
San Jose, USA — 04 July 2018 — Animal Abatement Specialists have been on the market for a long time and they have worked hard on building a good name for themselves. The problem on the market nowadays is that good quality work isn't done anymore. Those that are doing it are usually the veterans or those that have a high enough price. People don't usually go for a high price because they don't have the resources to waste on something as menial as a dead animal in their backyard.
What they do is that they are calling the state dead animal removal san francisco that aren't very good and they settle for those services. What these people are doing is unacceptable: they aren't punctual, don't do the work completely and don't clean after themselves. When an American calls in a service then he is expecting the people to do a proper job and not just come and take the money without doing anything of the essence. The san francisco dead animal removal is an amazing service for those people that expect a good work to be done.
When there is an animal visitor in the backyard then this doesn't automatically mean that this animal has to die as to be removed from the premises. A good service will come and will remove the living animal without causing it any harm. In case there is a dead animal removal necessary then it's even easier for the guys as to get the job done with ease. The wildlife pest control is the hard part in this equation and this is the core reason why so many people aren't good at it.
A lot of people have rated the wildlife removal specialist with top marks because the people that have come when they called were respectful, compatible and came on time. One cannot really expect the state services to be there in time or even to come on the same day that the client has called them. Top of the line wildlife removal specialist is usually expensive but this company is trying to keep their prices in check as to be able to service as many people that are in need as possible. It all comes to a good idea being done properly and invested in as required.
Contact:
Company: Animal Abatement Specialists
Web site: animalabatementspecialists.com
URL: yelp.com/biz/animal-abatement-specialists-san-jose-2
Address: 3924 Sophist Dr, San Jose, CA 95132
Phone number: (408) 761-7837
North Korea has been using its embassy in Berlin to procure parts for its missile programme, the head of Germany's BfV domestic intelligence agency told a German broadcaster.
No one at the North Korean embassy in Berlin was immediately available to comment on the allegation.
In a programme to be aired on NDR television on Monday, BfV head Hans-Georg Maassen said: “We determined that procurement activities have been carried out from there that are, in our view, done with a view to the missile programme and sometimes also for the nuclear programme.”
Dual-use goods
He said the matter often involved so-called dual-use goods, which can be used for both civil and military purposes.
Comments released by NDR ahead of the broadcast showed Mr Maassen said German authorities prevented such activities when they detected them, but he added: “We can't guarantee that we can detect and prevent this in all cases.”
He said it was necessary to presume that parts for North Korea's launch programme “were acquired via other markets, or underground buyers had acquired them in Germany”.
North Korea has defied years of multilateral and bilateral sanctions with a weapons programme aimed at developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States. – Reuters
Katey Sagal never planned to go into acting. Music was always her first love. Back in the 1970s, Sagal was a backup singer for greats like Bob Dylan and Bette Midler. While Sagal still loves music and plays in a band, the Golden Globe winner is now a household name in Hollywood. Best known for playing Peggy Bundy on “Married… With Children”, Sagal plays a police officer named Randy DeLuca on CBS's “Superior Donuts.” The role of a cop is a much different one for Sagal and her character DeLuca is making her return to the force after being on leave.
Sagal plays an important role on a show in “Superior Donuts” that isn't afraid to tackle the most controversial issues in our world today. Tonight, the show addresses sexual harassment in the workplace and has dealt with the topics race relations and immigration in the past.
CBS Local's DJ Sixsmith chatted with Sagal about her experience on “Superior Donuts”, the importance of tonight's episode and how she made the jump from singer songwriter to top flight actress.
DJ Sixsmith: You've worked on many different television shows in your career. How does “Superior Donuts” compare to the rest?
Katey Sagal: Well, they're all different. First of all, I play a cop, which was interesting to me. I have a daughter, but you never see her and that is not the main focus of my character. This show deals a lot with current events that are going on. It's the most diverse bunch of people, it's a very diverse show. It's super funny and the people on there are super funny. I've been involved with funny shows before, but the difference is that this doesn't take place in somebody's house. The show takes place in a donut shop and it's a different kind of family environment. Nobody is blood-related, but everyone gets along as a family.
DS: You mentioned how the show deals with a lot of different current topics. Tonight's episode dives into sexual harassment. How important is this episode given what is going on with the #MeToo movement?
KS: I think this is a really important topic. I can't rate it with all of the very important topics in the world right now, but it's definitely up there. My character Randy, who is a police officer, has been on leave and decides to go back to the force. She wants to be a detective and talks to her old boss to put in a good word for her. He says he'll do that for me, but he asks if I can do something for him. He says he has an HR complaint against him from a rookie cop about sexual harassment. You come to find out that he is guilty and Randy calls him out on it. It's one of the serious moments we have on our show, but it ends with lots of humor. It's palatable and smart and that's how we deal with things. We deal with a lot of issues going on in the country and from all different perspectives like police brutality, race issues and immigration. We are not bent towards one particular point of view, we cover all points of view.
DS: Taking a step back, how did your role on “Married… With Children” and winning a Golden Globe change the course of your acting career?
KS: It was such a career changer because my focus had been music up until that point. I still always play music, but my pursuit was as a singer songwriter. That's what I was gearing myself towards and I had some moderate success with it. I then became open to other fields because I needed to make a living. This career was really the right fit. It's just been an amazing journey. It was definitely not my plan in terms of where I thought I was going, but it's worked out really well.
DS: You aren't playing music full-time anymore, but how do you incorporate it into your life now?
KS: I just love to play music. I have a band right now where we pretty much just play for fun and it's not about making a living and they're great musicians. It scratches that itch for me. I'd like to say that I wish I had become a successful musician, but I'm really happy with where my life is.
DS: Finally, what has been the greatest challenge of your career?
KS: There have been several challenges because life is full of challenges. I don't know if I can specifically say one. I definitely had some demons that needed to be sorted out along the way. I was able to do that and not mess things up. Life has always got some challenges, but that makes it interesting.
Watch Sagal in “Superior Donuts” tonight at 9pm EST/PST on CBS.
With the bank holiday rolling in it's time to roll up the sleeves, take advantage of the extra time off to declutter.
And for many people that means hiring a skip. According to Google, “skip hire” was trending in Dublin this week, which won't surprise anyone in the property game. The long winter has delayed would-be sellers from getting their homes ready, a skip often being an early indicator that a house is being brought to market.
Bargain hunters love the fact that, with a bank holiday, you get three days to fill it before collection rather than the usual two.
Hiring a skip couldn't be easier. In most instances you can book one online and have it delivered to your door.
If you're lucky enough to have a driveway, it can be parked out front, which minimises the risk of drive-by dumpers. If you don't have a driveway, the skip will sit on the road outside, where you must be careful that it doesn't create a nuisance to other residents or passers-by. Broken glass or protruding timbers could cause injury so the skip needs to be packed carefully. A full skip will inevitably attract “skip divers” – people who rummage for salvage material. On the plus side, this leaves you with more space in your skip, but the disadvantage is that they can disturb a carefully piled arrangement and leave a mess behind.
Finding a skip and what it costs
There are lots of skip options on the market. You just need to work out how much stuff you have to dump. A mid size skip – often called a midi – will take quite a bit of household waste and often presents the best value for a spring clean-type job. You will need this size or upwards if disposing of large bulky items like three and four-seat sofas.
A standard is the size to order if you're clearing out a house for renovation or sale or a landlord clearing out an apartment after students which accounts for a lot of the clear-outs happening at this time of the year.
Prices vary quite a bit depending on the type and size of the skip or skip bag. Here's a sample of what you can expect to pay:
The main bin suppliers often offer skip services and will give their own members a preferential rate. Most skip hire companies of the sizes are measured in cubic feet, while some suppliers have simplified it by listing how many black plastic bags each size will take. For instance, a mini, which costs €145 at Thornton Skip Hire can accommodate up to 20 black bags ; a midi skip,slightly larger, from €175 at M50 Skip Hire, can fit up to 30 bags, and could take the excess contents of a small but not too cluttered house while the standard skip, priced from €269 at Greyhound, can accommodate a house kitchen and bathroom refits as well as garden clearance.
Skip bags are a really easy way to clear out small quantities of rubbish. A baby skip bag, €68, from A1 Skip Bags, is a better option and can fit up to 12 black sacks.
A giant skip, the kind you'd hire for major renovations, costs approximate €420 from Greyhoud and can be hired for up to five working days.
Don't “greedy board”
Before you part with your money there are a few considerations, says Brendan Keane, a consultant with waste management company Curland.
Most people underestimate the volume they need, says Keane, thinking that it will save them money but it ends up costing them more in the long run, so as a rule of thumb, bulky items like furniture and in particular big couches will need a mid-size skip to accommodate them.
Most of us want to pack the skip as high as possible, but Keane counsels against what he calls “greedy boarding”. This is a practice that you see everywhere, where a skip is lined with either doors or widths of timber to create a greater supported height and therefore volume that can be filled. “A skip should only be filled so that the volume is flush with its edges. Transporting anything with a volume greater than this is illegal and your supplier may refuse to pick it up,” Keane says.
Garden or building waste such as soil and stones generally weighs twice its volume, another factor to consider when filling a skip. A one tonne skip bag, for instance, can only be filled to its halfway mark otherwise it will weigh in excess of one tonne and its handles may tear when it is being out of your garden or front yard, Keane says. This may lead to false economies, its contents spilling all over your garden and you're having to buy another bag and refilling it.
Recycled
On average 60 to 70 per cent of the skip's contents will be recycled, Keane says. “All waste management companies have to have a waste permit number so before you book a provider ask for its waste permit number. This should also be printed on the skip bags that you can but in hardware and DIY stores.”
The longer you leave a skip in your driveway the more it will attract scavengers or be filled by someone else, says Keane. “Every night the contents of your skip will change as scavengers and dumpers take advantage. Those excavating its contents are usually looking for scrap metal and may leave its contents strewn all over your driveway.”
When you spy a skip in a neighbour's garden or front it is simply good etiquette to knock on his or her door to ask permission before you dump anything in it, Keane says.
He also suggests that neighbours planning to spring clean or delutter club together to order a larger skip at a keener rate but notes that if all you need to dispose of will fit in your car or on the back of a (borrowed) trailer it will always be more cost-effective to dump this waste at a civic amenity site that pay for skip hire.
Can anything go in a skip?
Not so fast. Electrical goods, ie anything with a plug should not be dumped in a skip. Bring to your local civic amenity site instead were you can recycle it for free. And if dumping old computers be sure to remove the hard drive first,
A full list of sites in your area will be listed on your city or county council website. Hazardous waste such as lead batteries and half-full paint cans should not be skipped. Empty paint cans, however, can be skipped.
Some skip companies will not accept old mattresses because thay have to be taken apart and their various components recycled separately.
thorntons-recycling.ie; keywaste.ie
COMBINED LOCKS, WI--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Appleton Coated LLC ("Appleton Coated") has entered agreements with Customized Energy Solutions ("CES") to provide operations and dispatch support, as well as market scheduling and settlement services, for a natural gas fired co-generation facility in Wisconsin. The facility, which was purchased in December of 2016, is located at Appleton Coated's paper-mill in Combined Locks. The mill has about 600 employees and produces around 1000 tons per day of coated and uncoated printing, packaging and specialty papers.
The relationship with CES will enable Appleton Coated to produce steam for paper-making operations while providing electricity to the MISO market. "Operation of this facility is a significant step forward for Appleton Coated in both efficiency and environmental sustainability. The co-generation of steam for our paper-making machines and electricity for the market will yield both financial and environmental benefits, because it will allow the company to utilize its natural gas or solid fuel boilers and sell electricity as conditions warrant," said Doug Osterberg, Appleton Coated's Chief Executive Officer.
"We are excited to be working with Appleton Coated and assisting them in meeting their efficiency and environmental sustainability goals. CES' knowledge of the MISO markets, combined with our telemetry and operational systems make us a good fit for companies like Appleton Coated, who are looking for assistance in participating in these markets," said Erik Paulson, CES' Vice President of Wholesale Energy Services.
About Customized Energy Solutions
Customized Energy Solutions assists clients in managing and staying ahead of the changes in the wholesale and retail electricity and natural gas markets. Serving hundreds of clients, Customized Energy Solutions offers best-in-class hosted energy market operations platforms and services.
About Appleton
Appleton Coated is a manufacturer and distributor of coated, uncoated, specialty and technical papers sold under the Ethos™, Utopia®, and other brand names. The company's products are used in high-end commercial printing, textbook publishing, label papers, transactional printing and a variety of specialty, packaging and custom applications. Selling primarily through a chain of highly respected paper distributors, the company serves corporations, publishers, printers, converters, and graphic designers in North America. Appleton Coated's corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility are located in Combined Locks, Wisconsin.
*Editors Notes
A number of regions -- including the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, much of the Midwest, Texas, California and portions of Canada -- organize their markets under an independent system operator (ISO) -- sometimes also referred to as a regional transmission organization (RTO). Most states in these regions also allow for retail competition. By adopting this ISO/RTO structure, these regions have moved to expand competition in electricity. In fact, two-thirds of the electricity consumed in the U.S. is by consumers in an ISO/RTO. The eight ISOs are as follows -- PJM, MISO, NYISO, ERCOT, SPP, IESO, ISONE and CAISO.
Every time I felt like I had a grip on it, it would slip out of reach and I would need to start the process again.
When you do the same task all the time, sometimes your brain turns off (yes, that's the medical term) while you do it. Did I set my alarm? I obviously don't know. Did I lock the door? You've got to be kidding if you think I have any idea. Did I put in a new tampon when I took the old one out? One Sunday night when I was 23 I couldn't answer that last question.
I went into the bathroom to change my tampon, but when I went to take the old one out, there was nothing there. There were two possibilities, a likely one and a life-or-death melodrama. Either I had forgotten to put a tampon in, or the tampon was so far inside my body that I couldn't reach the dangling string to remove it, and I might already be developing toxic shock syndrome and going into organ failure. I couldn't feel anything there, so I just put in a new tampon and tried to forget about my worry — something that as a person with anxiety I have not traditionally excelled at. At my first ever therapy session, my therapist said she was writing “generalized anxiety disorder” on my forms as a sort of placeholder until she got to know me better, but I knew she wasn't going to take it back when she saw all the creative ways I could freak out. And after she heard me give an apology speech for potentially hovering while she unlocked her office door, spent many moments sitting across from me silently staring at her because I was too paralyzed to talk about my life, heard about my history with disordered eating, and noticed my hobby of catastrophizing, the diagnosis stuck.
At work the Monday after I noticed the missing tampon, I started to feel nauseous, and my mind immediately flashed through tampon doom scenarios. It says on tampon boxes that you shouldn't keep one in for more than eight hours, and if there was after all a tampon somewhere deep inside me, it had been there for at least 18. And what exactly does toxic shock syndrome do? I reflected on all the horror stories I'd heard from camp friends and read about in teen magazines, and remembered that symptoms could be as benign as a fever or as severe as a beautiful young woman who made just one innocent mistake facing an untimely death. I needed to get the tampon out of my body, or at least figure out if I had one in. But it was hard for me to get away at work. I'd gotten my job as a copywriter at a tech startup the week after I graduated from college, and the work environment lacked these abstract things that I now know are called “boundaries.” I had said at my job interview that I was available to start immediately, so the cofounder asked me to stay and work the rest of the day. I got notes by someone looking at their computer in our open-plan office and loudly asking, “Wait what?” until I walked over. Sometimes one of my male superiors would walk up behind me when I was sitting at my desk, place his folded hands on top of my head, and just apply pressure. I didn't know how to talk about it, and never did. Spending day in and day out in an environment where coworkers were butting into my mental and physical space every few minutes turned my anxiety way up, which in turn made it almost impossible to put the brakes on catastrophizing, especially when it came to the phantom tampon. So I dashed into a stall in the work bathroom for a quick, secretive tampon exploratory/retrieval mission. After feeling around as far as I could reach, I finally touched something that I thought was the rounded bottom end of the tampon. Relieved, I realized I just needed to maneuver it out and everything would be fine. But I couldn't. Every time I felt like I had a grip on it, it would slip out of reach and I would need to start the process again. I would feel a tiny portion of what I was sure was the tampon, get a hold, and start pulling, slowly working it out of my body until I'd suddenly lose my grasp and feel nothing. At one point I gave up and went back to my desk because I'd been at it for almost an hour, but I couldn't stop thinking about the phantom tampon. I was feeling a lot more nauseous, probably thanks to all the internal dragging and (sorry) scraping, so my body was all I could focus on. Whatever I was looking at on my computer screen, I was also thinking about the queasiness I felt, and mortality. It was exhausting to hold everything in my mind at the same time, so I returned to the bathroom for more frantic clawing at my insides. I still couldn't find the tampon, but I couldn't accept that it wasn't there.
I realized the only way I would be able to get out of my nerve-racking thought circles was to get reassurance from an expert. And while I didn't feel comfortable leaving work in the middle of the day, I felt less comfortable with the idea of my family members whispering at my funeral about how it's really better to use a menstrual cup. I steeled myself before telling my editor I was having a “medical emergency” and prepared for pushback, but she had the more grounded response of offering to call an ambulance. I declined, walked a few steps out of the office, and tried to figure out where to go. I didn't yet have an OB-GYN in New York and didn't know if my GP attended to tampon horror stories, so I ended up making many phone calls that inevitably lead to me stating, “I have a tampon lost inside my body.” That seemed the most socially acceptable way to describe it — I wasn't embarrassed then and I'm not now, but I didn't want to make others uncomfortable. The way I was able to get through repeating that sentence to so many strangers was simple: I wanted to live. On some level I knew I probably wouldn't die. But what if I did? That's how my anxiety often feels. I know in my mind what makes the most sense, but I can't stop obsessing on a negative thought. In this case: Will I die by tampon? This wasn't the only time my anxious thinking had crept into my daily life, or had been focused on my body. I've spent therapy sessions planning outfits to wear for important moments, because my worries glom together into overwhelming panic about how people see me and how that could irrevocably change the course of my life. On my way to the startup job, I would often stare at my reflection in the F train window until I talked myself down from the unrelenting uneasiness I was feeling about my appearance. The bad dreams that really shake me feature body horrors: a chimney growing out of my head, mushrooms extending out of my armpit, strings attached to my cheeks. I get these dreams when I'm particularly stressed out, and they stick with me for days afterward, popping into my mind at unwanted times along with a distracting feeling of dread. And the anxiety doesn't disappear when I go to sleep. I've had months go by where every night as I'm drifting off, I suddenly wake up gasping for air.
At that point, almost two years into my startup job, all these symptoms were in rotation on my anxiety playlist. Plus, I'd leave work with a sort of residual buzzing that I eased by drinking every night, and eventually drinking instead of feeding myself properly. I would stay up until all hours and then, running on anxiety, adrenaline, and caffeine, was able to wake up for work every day and do it all again. So when I realized I wouldn't be able to let go of my tampon thought spiral without proceeding through a number of humiliating steps, I just accepted it. I was used to living in constant discomfort and pushing through whatever I needed to do to keep going. And I was living in such a heightened state that I couldn't help but filter everything through emergency-tinted glasses. It was like my emotions were controlled by a light switch; they were either all the way off, or blowing a circuit causing a citywide blackout. When the fourth doctor's office receptionist on the phone told me to go to the emergency room, I decided to google the nearest hospital. I didn't want to talk about what was wrong with me anymore, but I was comforted by the fact that people who work in a hospital see all kinds of afflictions. I imagined a job orientation where employees practiced empathetically and nonchalantly welcoming patients with poles impaling their chests or tiny fish stuck in their urethras. (I was mostly thinking about Grey's Anatomy.) There were other people waiting to check in with the ER receptionist, so I quietly said, hoping it would be the last time, “I have a tampon lost inside my body.” She blurted, “What?” “I have a tampon lost inside my body,” I told her again, and then the nurse, and then the doctor. Finally, I sat with my feet in stirrups while two medical professionals told me to please calm down because my body was “spitting out the instrument.” I had spent the day wondering if I was dying, picking at the inside of my body, and talking to many strangers about my vagina while trying not to say the word “vagina.” I couldn't just suddenly be chill. Finally the doctor asked if she could use her gloved hand. She reached in and felt around both sides of my uterus while I tried not to scream, and then said she didn't see anything there. Was it possible I had just forgotten to put a tampon in? As she gently explained, “There's nowhere for it to go.”
Turns out, women's bodies actually aren't mysterious black holes you can just lose stuff in. Where are my keys? Did I throw them on the counter when I walked in the door, or are they floating around inside the deep female abyss? I left the hospital as the sun was starting to set. I resisted the urge to check in with work, which felt very radical. The doctor had told me she was glad I came to the hospital just to be sure, and didn't make me feel ashamed for letting my anxiety overwhelm me to the point that I thought a ghostly menstrual hygiene product might be trying to murder me. That empathy was a relief as I tried to process my behavior from that day. I was relieved to officially not be dying, though that also meant I was perhaps losing it. Since my tampon meltdown, I've become more aware of when my anxiety is taking over. That doesn't make it go away, but does cut down on embarrassing death scares. Sometimes a well-meaning friend will try to soothe me by saying I'm just having anxiety. Yes, I am, and it feels very bad. But I'm working on it, as sort of freelance gig I didn't apply for or want. When I get overwhelmed by a crowd, I'll walk away from the rest of my group. To practice boundaries, I'll decide before a social event specifically what I'm willing and not willing to share. I've even learned how to prevent a body nightmare by refocusing my thoughts and breath when I'm going to sleep. Yes, I can incept myself. My therapist once had me put my harmful body perspectives in an imaginary box, which felt really silly at the time, but I'm obviously willing to do anything to ease my troubling thought patterns (remember the tampon thing?). It actually turned out to be a memorable ritual, and I imaginarily left the box in my New York apartment when I quit my job and moved to LA. Hopefully my bad thoughts are not bothering the new tenants. ●
Ariel Karlin is a writer and comedian in Los Angeles.
To learn more about anxiety, check out the resources at the National Institute of Mental Health here. And if you need to talk to someone immediately, you can reach the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255) and or the Crisis Text Line by texting HOME to 741741. Suicide helplines outside the US can be found here.
Want help looking and feeling your best? Sign up for our Health & Beauty newsletter! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
The Canadian Press
CALGARY - WestJet Airlines Ltd. says it has partially resolved a computer system outage and has started to resume regular operations.
The airline says some flights have been delayed and it is experiencing longer lines at check-in because of the issue.
WestJet recommended passengers arrive early at the airport and check their flight status ahead of time because of the problems.
Travellers had reported on Twitter that there were long lines and kiosks off-line at some airports, as well as issues with booking on the company's website.
Last October, the airline said computer problems caused delays for dozens of flights.
Vote Leave, the official campaign to end the UK's membership of the European Union, broke spending limits and failed to comply with several other rules, according to initial findings from the elections watchdog disclosed by the campaign's former head.
Vote Leave CEO Matthew Elliott told Sky News he contested the investigation by the Electorial Commission (EC). Elliott accused the watchdog of a “huge breach of natural justice” for only listening to “the fantasists” while conducting their investigation and not speaking to Vote Leave for their side of the story.
“They haven't accepted any interviews from our side," Elliott told BBC.
The EC replied on its Twitter that it will publish a detailed closing report “at the earliest opportunity” and pledged to give “due consideration” to evidence presented by Vote Leave campaigners to the Commission.
The Commission has released the following statement relating to today's news and its investigation into Vote Leave. pic.twitter.com/qrM3ZJZ6An — Electoral Commission (@ElectoralCommUK) July 4, 2018
Allegations of overspending come from three whistleblowers who Elliott claims came forward “to have a second referendum”. According to these individuals, Vote Leave got around the £7m spend limit by donating funds to a youth campaign, BeLeave, in the last weeks of the referendum.
According to Tamsin Allen, who represents the whistleblowers that came forward, there were files of evidence that were submitted in March to the EC that “strongly suggested” coordination between the two campaigns, she told Sky News.
"They haven't found a smoking gun. If they (the EC) follow due process, if they are fair, they will find us innocent,” Elliott told Sky News.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson: Sister opens up about her death
Video will play in
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's cause of death has been revealed by sister Santa Montifiore.
Montifore took to Twitter on Wednesday to tell followers the socialite's death was NOT caused by a brain tumour.
The author thanked fans for their support since the former It girl's death and explained that she died from a perforated ulcer.
"I've been so touched by the warm response to Tara's death," she wrote.
"Thank you from the whole family.
"But I'd like to clarify a couple of points.
"Tara's good friends & family know that she was in high spirits in her last days.
"She had plans, trips & had written a moving new song.
"Lastly there will be a fuller statement from the PT family later today.
"Thank you again."
The body of Tara was found on February 8.
The star had recently revealed a secret year-long battle with a brain tumour, which doctors discovered in January last year.
Prince Charles led the tributes saying he was "deeply saddened" by her death.
In a statement issued by Clarence House, their Royal Highnesses The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall said: "We are deeply saddened and our thoughts are so much with the family."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Tara Palmer-Tomkinson dies: Celebrities pay tribute Share this video Watch Next
Doctors found a growth in the 45-year-old's pituitary gland after blood tests last year.
A regular face on the London party scene, Tara was know for her wild ways throughout the nineties and noughties.
The famous former-It Girl had led a colourful life full of highs and lows - from being treated for an addiction to cocaine in the late-90s to her ongoing relationship with the Royal family.
Nigerian financial markets in Nigeria are closed today for the new year celebrations. However, a review of the performance on the stock market in 2016 shows that the NSE all share index fell by 6.47 percent, to close at 26,874.62 points, compared with 28,642.25 with which it opened the year. Also, the money market rates … Continue reading All Share Index Falls By 6.47%
The post All Share Index Falls By 6.47% appeared first on Channels Television.
A man who operated a large-scale, sophisticated cannabis growhouse in south Co Mayo was sentenced to a total of three years in prison at Castlebar Circuit Criminal Court on Tuesday.
Almost 300 cannabis plants with a total street value of €237,600 were discovered by gardaí when they raided a house at Ballinchalla, The Neale, which was being rented by 56-year-old Mariek Asijewski.
Mr Asijewski pleaded guilty at a court in January to the possession of cannabis with intent to supply and to the cultivation of cannabis.
At Tuesday's sentencing hearing, Garda Nicola Dolan said the discovery of the growhouse following a search under warrant on April 5th of last year was the most significant drugs find ever in the Mayo Garda Division.
The ESB meter in the house had been bypassed in order to provide free electricity for the growhouse operation.
Cannabis plants were discovered growing in two upstairs bedrooms, a downstairs bedroom and in an attic space, the court heard.
Sentencing Asijewski to a total of three years in prison, Judge Rory MacCabe said he had been part of a significant drugs enterprise.
The judge backdated the sentence to take account of the 13 months Mr Asijewski had already spent in prison since his arrest.
The judge made an order for the destruction of the drugs seized.
Smoke billows from a wildfire burning near Mudgee, Australia. The fire has consumed more than 5000 hectares (12,350 acres) of bush and grasslands north-west of Sydney.
SYDNEY: Australia was counting the cost to property and livestock Monday after firefighters battled weekend blazes in some of the hottest conditions on record.
At least 19 homes were destroyed in eastern Australia as emergency teams were sent out to assess the damage after a “catastrophic” weekend saw over 100 fire outbreaks, with 2,500 firefighters deployed and thousands more on standby.
About 80 fires continued to burn Monday, with around a quarter still uncontained, said New South Wales (NSW) state Rural Fire Service Commissioner Shane Fitzsimmons, as conditions began to cool.
“We know that there are going to be homes lost. We know that there are going to be plenty of other buildings that have been destroyed.
“There is machinery that has been destroyed and … we are talking about livestock that has been destroyed as well,” he told reporters Monday, without giving numbers.
While bushfires ravage the Australian landscape every year, land and sea temperatures have been pushed up due to climate change, increasing the severity of fire seasons.
A statewide NSW average temperature of 44 degrees Celsius (111 degrees Fahrenheit) on Saturday set a new February record, while temperatures above 47 were recorded across some parts of the state on Sunday.
Emergency services sent out some 1.5 million phone warnings to residents on the weekend in an effort to prevent fatalities.
“To come away with no life lost, or serious injury is just outstanding,” Fitzsimmons said.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull praised the work of emergency workers, many of whom are volunteers.
“We have had in New South Wales the worst fire conditions on record ... and yet, the fires have been contained, “ he said, adding that 24 were still raging.
Communities suffered “enormous” loss of property and livestock, he added.
“[But] it could have been much worse and were it not for those great Australian firefighters, it could have been a truly disastrous weekend in New South Wales with those record temperatures.”
Though Mercedes kicked off its Beijing Auto Show reveals with the extravagant Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury crossover sedan , it balanced things out with the reveal of the entry-level Mercedes-Benz A-Class L sedan. As you would expect, it's effectively a sedan version of the recently unveiled A-Class hatchback , meaning that from roughly the A-pillars forward, it's the same car. Behind that point, Mercedes removed the hatch in favor of a trunk, and also added 2.4 inches to the wheelbase, hence the L designation. In this way, it combines two key things Chinese buyers like: a sedan and a spacious rear seat.The car will only be offered with gasoline engines in China and all of them will be coupled to a 7-speed dual-clutch automatic transmission. They include 99- and 118-horsepower versions of a 1.3-liter four-cylinder, or a 138-horsepower 2.0-liter four-cylinder. Odds are that none of these engines will be offered on the American version of the A-Class sedan.Mercedes made it clear that this long-wheelbase variant of the A-Class is specifically for the Chinese market, and it will also be built in China. But it does give us our first glimpse at the normal-length A-Class sedan that will appear in other markets, including our own . Basically, imagine that rear door a little shorter in length and more akin to the current CLA's, and voila.Ah, but what about the CLA? You might be wondering, as we were, how the A-Class sedan will be different from the next-generation CLA? It sure looks similar. However, take a look at the A-Class sedan below and spy photos that came in earlier this year of the next CLA From the profile view, it's easy to see that the roofline is significantly more sloped than the A-Class sedan, even if it were slightly shorter and sleeker. It's especially evident in the C pillar (note the A's headroom-friendly kink), and in the windows that have a fast arch downward and high sills.Moving around to the back, the trunk lid and taillights are very different. On the A-Class, the trunk is much more vertical and sculpted, whereas the CLA's trunk leans forward and is smooth, much like the bigger CLS. The CLA's taillights are slimmer and more flush to the trunk's shape, too. Not only that, but the license plate placement is different. On the A-Class, it sits in the trunk lid, while on the CLA the plate is in the rear bumper. This is in keeping with other recent Mercedes-Benz "coupes" from C-Class to GLE.
4/7/2018 – Reaching the first page of Google wasn't easy. But now that your business has accomplished the feat, you still have to maintain your high position on the search engine. Otherwise, your profits will suffer without earning traffic from online marketing, you will get minimal new customers, if any at all. You have to attract them with positive visibility and turn people into buyers. Over time, these clients can become long term customers.
When it comes to the most effective procedures of internet marketing, the rules are ever-evolving and changing. That is why it is essential that you stay up to date on the latest and greatest tricks of the trade. Not only must your website utilize the right keywords, you must be careful not to get spammed.
SEO Company in Fort Lauderdale – To begin, make sure your website is completely up to date. Is your content well written and relevant? If it is old news, your website will suffer on search engines. It is also important to rely on headings and subheadings that incorporate your keywords, as well as photo titles and descriptions. Make sure your website is visually appealing or visitors won't read it, causing your bounce rate to soar.
Next, it is crucial to make sure your website loads quickly. Speed matters to Google. Surfers of the web are rather impatient, so it won't take long for a potential buyer to move on to a competitor's site. If your page is taking longer than a second or two to load, it may be time to work on your speed optimization.
About The Author:-
http://www.iconseo.com/
SEO Company in Fort Lauderdale – Award-winning Certified Agency providing internet marketing and SEO services in Fort Lauderdale. Increase leads and sales for your business. Call Today.
Contact Details:
5100 W Copans Rd #900 Margate, FL 33063
8005581017
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
SAN JOSE (CBSMiami/SportsDirect) – The Florida Panthers are on the west coast for a few days, continuing their road trip with three games inside the state of California.
Their first stop will be in the town of a first place team with a first-rate defenseman.
Brent Burns' torrid play this season has the 31-year-old as the unquestioned front-runner to capture the Norris Trophy and perhaps the first defenseman to win the scoring title since the legendary Bobby Orr in 1974-75.
With four multi-point performances in seven games since the All-Star break, Burns looks to continue his good fortune on Wednesday as the host San Jose Sharks vie for their second straight season sweep of the Florida Panthers.
“It's every night,” veteran Joe Thornton told the San Jose Mercury News of Burns, whose second multi-goal performance of the season lifted the Sharks to a 4-1 victory over New Jersey on Sunday. “If you watch him every night, he's the best player on the ice every night, it doesn't matter who we play. He just does it night-in and night-out. It's very impressive to watch.”
While Burns scored in San Jose's 4-2 victory over Florida on Nov. 10, Jaromir Jagr had an assist in that contest, has two points in his last two games overall and his next will be the 1,900th of his decorated career.
Jagr, who turns 45 on Wednesday, netted his 759th career goal as Florida posted its fourth win in five outings with a 7-4 triumph over Nashville on Saturday.
TV: 10:30 p.m. ET, NBCSN
ABOUT THE PANTHERS (24-20-10): Jonathan Huberdeau has hit the ground running with two goals and three assists in three contests following his lengthy absence after severing his Achilles tendon.
“No way did we think he'd jump in and produce the way he is, but he's in phenomenal shape,” Florida interim coach Tom Rowe told the Sun-Sentinel of Huberdeau, who recorded a career-high 20 goals and 59 points last season. “He's a terrific hockey player. Being on the bench with him every day he's a lot better than I thought he was.”
Aleksander Barkov has scored in back-to-back contests and is riding a three-game point streak since returning from a 15-game absence due to injury.
ABOUT THE SHARKS (34-18-5): Patrick Marleau recorded his 13th 20-goal season in the last 16 years with a tally versus Philadelphia on Saturday before seeing his nine-game point streak come to an end the following night.
Captain Joe Pavelski, who scored in the first meeting with Florida, is two goals shy of a 20-goal campaign for the eighth time in his career.
Martin Jones owns a 3-0-2 mark since the All-Star break and has won both career meetings with the Panthers, turning aside 41 of 44 shots overall.
OVERTIME
Florida D Jason Demers, who played for San Jose from 2009-14, scored twice in this season's first meeting between the teams. The Sharks have killed off all five short-handed situations over the last two contests after yielding two power-play goals in each of their previous two games. Panthers F Jonathan Marchessault has three goals and three assists in his last eight contests.
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Sports Direct Inc. contributed to this report.)
Brussels is to propose a €30 billion loan plan for countries hit by economic shocks, as it responds to French calls for a euro zone crisis-fighting budget.
The European Investment Stabilisation Function is far less ambitious than ideas put forward by France president Emmanuel Macron, who last year called for a fund amounting to several percentage points of euro zone gross domestic product.
But the European Commission will argue that its plan to be presented on Thursday is a “first step”, saying differences among euro zone governments and EU budgetary restraints prevent more ambitious proposals at this stage.
The commission's plans, seen by the Financial Times, would allow it to borrow on capital markets to lend to countries facing one-off problems such as a natural disaster or a localised banking crisis. Countries could borrow to invest in infrastructure and other programmes to cushion an economic blow.
Interest on loans made to governments would be covered by a share of the profits that national central banks in the euro zone earn from issuing banknotes - a demand that is likely to stoke tensions with fiercely independent institutions such as Germany's Bundesbank.
Total loans would be limited to €30 billion with no state allowed to receive more than 30 per cent of available lending capacity. The scheme would be open to euro zone countries and aspiring members in the European exchange rate mechanism.
The creation of more joint euro zone spending power is a core strand of a reform plan for the single currency area being pushed by Mr Macron ahead of a summit of EU leaders in June.
Brussels acknowledges that a full-blown euro zone budget would require “strong political will and consensus” that does not yet exist among EU governments.
France and southern euro zone countries are facing resistance from northern capitals, which rule out the need for more common spending pots in favour of governments taking greater responsibility for their national spending.
“The recipe for a larger cake is not centralised bailout funds and printing more money, but structural reforms and sound budgets,” Mark Rutte, the Dutch prime minister, said in a speech in Berlin in March.
Mr Rutte is one of the most vocal opponents of a euro zone budget.
Aware of the political tension, Brussels' proposal aims to strike a balance between objections from north and south.
In a nod to German fears about underwriting poorer states' spending, the text stresses that the stabilisation mechanism will result in no “permanent transfers” between euro zone countries, while governments will only be eligible for support if they have met core EU budget rules for the preceding two years.
Eligibility would also be linked to rises in a state's unemployment rate, which must be higher than a 15-year rolling average and 1 per cent higher than in the same quarter the previous year.
Brussels' draft plan allows for future upgrades to the scheme, saying it “should be considered as a first step in the development over time of a fully fledged insurance mechanism to cater for macroeconomic stabilisation”.
The plan would need approval from EU governments and the European Parliament, with the proposal for sharing out central bank profits requiring unanimous agreement from capitals.
The proposal is distinct from the euro zone's existing bailout fund, the European Stability Mechanism, which has a €500 billion lending capacity and can be tapped by states that have lost the ability to borrow on capital markets.
The commission plan would leave a door open to the ESM playing a role in administering the stabilisation fund. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
A muster of peacocks took a stroll on the shoulder of the westbound lanes of I-76 in Philadelphia Wednesday night.
We swear it's not our mascot. Four peacocks slowed down traffic on the Schuylkill Expressway.
The birds were found walking down I-76 westbound near the Girard Avenue exit Wednesday around 8:30 p.m. State police told NBC10 they escaped from the nearby Philadelphia Zoo.
Two lanes on I-76 westbound were closed as police drove near them. Traffic was backed up for miles as police appeared to escort the four birds down the highway.
SkyForce10 was above the scene as the peacocks approached Roosevelt Boulevard.
Police managed to form a barricade around the peacocks but the four birds then flew away into nearby trees, with one of them managing to fly across the highway.
State Police told NBC10 they're no longer trying to capture the peacocks now that they're off the road and the two lanes were reopened.
The chronically underfunded Missouri public defender system is now dealing with another vexing issue: the prospect that its overworked attorneys could be punished for not keeping up with their workloads. And that's leading to a growing standoff between judges and public defender attorneys.
The issue surfaced after the Missouri Supreme Court last month suspended a 21-year veteran of the public defender's office in Columbia who was laboring under a huge caseload and was hospitalized due to chronic health problems.
The lawyer, Karl William Hinkebein, was placed on probation for a year after the Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel — the state agency that oversees attorney conduct — found that he failed to provide adequate representation to six of his clients between 2011 and 2013.
In the wake of that decision, many public defenders throughout the state are refusing to take on additional clients. Last week, Boone County Presiding Judge Kevin Crane said he would start appointing private attorneys to represent indigent clients. He has since appointed more than three dozen, who will be working pro bono, or without pay.
Michael Barrett, director of the Missouri public defender system, says the Supreme Court's decision has left public defenders in an untenable position.
“They just demonstrated they're going to prosecute us,” he says. “And the Supreme Court just demonstrated that they're going to punish us.”
He says one public defender is handling 298 cases, another 295 and yet another 198.
“These are not cases for the year,” he says, “these are cases right now.”
The state's 370 public defenders handle more than 80,000 criminal cases a year for indigent clients – an average of 216 cases per attorney. Numerous studies that have looked at the Missouri public defender system say it should have nearly twice as many lawyers to meet standards set by the American Bar Association for the minimal time needed to adequately represent clients.
Some Missouri public defenders were especially rankled by the suggestion of one of the Supreme Court's judges during oral argument that Hinkebein should have just quit rather than take on new cases.
“If you're a new lawyer just coming out of law school and you've got your law school debt, is that the first solution you're going to think of – quitting your job?” says Anthony Cardarella, who heads the public defender office in Liberty, which covers Clay, Platte and Clinton counties.
“Not to even mention the type of person that's typically a public defender who doesn't want to abandon his co-worker, much less their client, much less their employment.”
Some judges are ordering public defenders to take on cases even after they've refused to do so. Attorneys that refuse to abide by the orders risk being held in contempt.
“If I was a cartoonist for a newspaper, I'd draw a picture of a public defender whose got two guns pointed at him from either side of their head: On one side, the (Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel) and the Supreme Court saying, ‘I dare you to take that case and I'm going to take your law license.' On the other side is the local court who says, ‘I dare you to not take that case. And I'll hold you in contempt.' That's our world right now,” Barrett says.
Barrett says it's up to attorneys in each of the public defender's 33 trial division offices to decide for themselves whether to stop taking on additional clients. And right now, it appears that a lot of them are doing so.
David Wallis, head of the Boone County public defender office, recently informed Judge Crane that he could no longer put his attorneys at risk of being disciplined by the Supreme Court.
And Cardarella, of the Liberty office, says he sent a letter on Monday to judges in Clay, Platte and Clinton counties informing them that his office would no longer accept new cases.
“At least for our office, the intent is not to assign any cases to already burdened public defender attorneys in light of the Hinkebein oral argument, briefs and decision,” he says.
Cardarella says that while some judges are sympathetic to the office's plight, “it's inevitable” that others will order his office to continue to accept cases.
Valerie Hartman, a spokeswoman for the Jackson County Circuit Court, says the court has not received formal notice yet that any area public defenders are refusing to take on additional cases. But the director of the public defender's Kansas City office, Ruth Petsch, is planning to meet with Jackson County Circuit Judge John Torrence, the court's presiding judge, next week to discuss her concerns.
Petsch could not be reached for comment.
Other district office directors say they're weighing their options, but all of those contacted by KCUR said they found the Supreme Court's Hinkebein decision troubling.
The Missouri public defender system has been underfunded for decades. Only Mississippi spends less than the $355 per case Missouri currently allocates to its indigent defense budget.
In March, the ACLU's Missouri chapter filed a class-action lawsuit seeking to force legislators to adequately fund the system. Barrett gave a deposition in the case just this week.
Last year, seeking to draw attention to the system's plight, Barrett invoked an obscure Missouri law to appoint then-Gov. Jay Nixon, a lawyer and former state attorney general, to represent an indigent defendant. A judge ruled that Barrett didn't have the authority to do that, but the point he was trying to make – that the state's public defender system was on the verge of collapse – captured national headlines.
Dan Margolies is KCUR's health editor. You can reach him on Twitter @DanMargolies.
U.S. Bank Stadium is seen Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018, in Minneapolis. The NFL Super Bowl 52 football game will be played Sunday, Feb. 4, 2018.
From bottles and wadded up napkins to food scraps — the U.S. Bank Stadium will be the site of more than 40 tons of waste by the time Americans know whether the Philadelphia Eagles or the New England Patriots triumphed in Super Bowl LII.
This year, the NFL, PepsiCo, Aramark and the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis are teaming up to sustainably and responsibly dispose of 90 percent of the stadium's trash with the new initiative, Rush2Recycle, NBC News reported.
The project aspires to place new standards for sustainability on events that attract large crowds. The U.S. Bank Stadium alone seats 66,200 people.
The new zero-waste initiative will help fans dispose of their waste properly within the stadium and learn tips and resources for recycling at home. The waste will be hand sorted to compost organic material, while non-compostable, non-recyclable waste will be incinerated to heat local homes and businesses with the recovered energy.
Polish judge Malgorzata Gersdorf walked into the supreme court building on Wednesday morning, defying new legislation forcing her to retire as court president and putting the judiciary on a collision course with the government.
Supporters chanting “constitution” and singing the Polish national anthem surrounded her at the entrance as she told reporters: “My presence here is not about politics, I am here to protect the rule of law.”
She is at the centre of mounting conflict between Warsaw's ruling Law and Justice party (PiS) and the European Union, which accuses Poland of trying to gain political control of the judiciary and of subverting basic democratic standards.
Under the new rules, which came into affect at midnight, up to a third of supreme court judges including 65-year-old Ms Gersdorf could be forced to retire unless they are granted an extension by President Andrzej Duda, a PiS ally.
Ms Gersdorf, who has been the president of the supreme court since 2014, says the legislation is unconstitutional and cannot be implemented.
Opponents of the reforms planned demonstrations on Wednesday. Among them is Lech Walesa, the Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and former president who is credited with bringing down communism when he was Solidarity trade union chief.
Through legislation and personnel changes, the PiS has already taken de facto control of much of the judicial system since coming into power in 2015, including the constitutional tribunal and prosecutors, who now report directly to the justice minister.
The party argues this is needed to address ineffectiveness in a system steeped in communist-era mentality and power structures.
Legal case
Critics at home and abroad accuse the PiS of seeking control over courts for political gain, and say its policies, which also include tighter control of public media, amount to a shift towards authoritarian rule.
The conflict has isolated Poland within the EU, where most governments are critical, while also exposing the bloc's inability to rein in governments it believes contradict core EU values.
The European Commission opened a fresh legal case against Poland over the supreme court changes on Monday, saying that they undermine judicial independence in the largest formerly communist member of the EU.
Warsaw faces the threat of losing its voting rights in the bloc under a procedure launched late last year over judiciary reforms. Hungary, also facing criticism over democratic standards, has pledged to block such a move.
The Eurosceptic PiS government rejects criticism, saying EU treaties do not give Brussels institutions the power to influence national matters such as the judiciary.
“Let me mention a fundamental issue. The court system ... is an entirely internal matter,” PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski was quoted by the Pap news agency on Tuesday as telling Gazeta Polska newspaper.
The party's standing in polls has held steady at around 40 per cent throughout the dispute, well above any single rival party. – Reuters
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue her Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Related: Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to her social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on. “We'll get through this together. See you Wednesday,” she wrote adding the hashtag #VegasStrong.
Spears will be performing her Britney: Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December.
Dr. Virgil Elings, who donated $1 million to the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy, will cut the ceremonial ribbon at 4 p.m. Saturday at Dos Pueblos High School, signaling completion of the $6 million facility, built by Schipper Construction, and kicking off the long-awaited opening of the Elings Center for Engineering Education. The public is invited.
Funding of $3 million came from a 2007 state grant, and a matching amount of $3 million was raised in a capital campaign spearheaded by the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy Foundation, a dedicated parent group that now raises the annual operating budget for the academy.
“The new facility will give the Engineering Academy the equipment and space to make four-year project-based education a reality,” said an enthusiastic Amir Abo-Shaeer, founder and director of the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy. “The DPEA will be a model for the future of education, and we will use the Elings Center for community outreach and teacher training. I can't wait to get in there and start working!
“This could not have happened without all the volunteers, parents, friends, corporate sponsors, and district and county supporters who have been with me through this intense and exciting period.”
Abo-Shaeer received a 2010 MacArthur Foundation Fellowship in recognition of his innovative ideas and pioneering efforts to transform secondary education.
“I am very proud of what the students and staff have accomplished,” said Dr. David Cash, superintendent of the Santa Barbara Unified School District. “The program makes a statement for relevant curriculum to get students engaged with real ‘contextualized learning.' The nice new facility says to students and the community that the program is important. What happens inside the building will excite students.”
He said he hopes the concept of the Engineering Academy and other significant programs in the school district will expand into the community far beyond Dos Pueblos High School.
“Expanding into the new building will encourage a deeper study of not only engineering, but also creativity,” Cash said.
The Engineering Academy operates under the umbrella of the Santa Barbara County Education Office's Regional Occupational Programs, which provide career education on local campuses.
“We are very proud of the amazing student outcomes Mr. Abo-Shaeer has been able to accomplish with the academy to date, and we are confident this new facility will vastly expand opportunities for student learning, which is the bottom line for all of us,” Principal Shawn Carey said. “We are so thrilled to be opening the Elings Center for Engineering Education in order to accommodate the expanding Dos Pueblos High School Engineering Academy.
“The academy offers students a transformative educational experience based on a vision of integrated, project-based learning that equips students with the skills they need to pursue success in a variety of 21st-century careers. The new facility is not only expressly designed to meet the needs of the academy students, but will allow us to extend the benefits of the academy experience to more than 400 students over the next four years. I am confident we can expect even stronger learning outcomes, community partnerships and program diversity as a result.”
The new facility, named in honor of Dr. Virgil Elings, reflects his belief in creative learning opportunities.
“Life is about opportunities and taking advantage of them,” Elings said. “I am trying to help make opportunities come true. The Engineering Academy is all about that. Amir (Abo-Shaeer) knows his students have to take a lot of tests, and that's reality. But outside of that, he makes sure they actually get educated. ‘Educated' is not passing a test.”
His advice to students: “Learn more math. It is the one kind of book learning that I believe in because it is useful in so many areas like engineering, physics and everyday life. Amir and the Engineering Academy understand this.”
Elings is a UCSB professor emeritus, inventor, businessman and community leader. He founded Digital Instruments, a company focused on developing and manufacturing custom electronic applications.
Raytheon, a major corporate sponsor of the capital campaign, has also provided DPEA with volunteer technical mentors.
“Raytheon's partnership with the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy program is a model for effective industry/community collaboration in the area of STEM education,” said Pete Gould, vice president of engineering for Raytheon Space and Airborne Systems. “The unique, hands-on curriculum offered by the academy furthers our mission of engaging and inspiring tomorrow's innovators today. We look forward to helping them develop our future technology leaders for years to come.”
Raytheon provided $175,000 for construction of the new Elings Center for Engineering Education. In honor of Raytheon's support of the academy, the electrical engineering classroom in the Elings Center is named the Raytheon Electrical Engineering Laboratory.
In 2011, the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy received a grant of $250,000 toward the purchase of machinery and capital equipment for the new center from the Change Happens Foundation. In recognition of the grant, the conference room in the new facility is named the Change Happens Meeting Room.
The mission of the Change Happens Foundation is to act as a meaningful catalyst toward positive change on a global level. The foundation funds the development and implementation of innovative technology and progressive ideas to generate a positive force for change.
“The Change Happens Foundation is very pleased to support the Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy Foundation,” said Doug Troxel, president and CEO of Change Happens. “With DPEA addressing both of Change Happens Foundation's targets of science and education in one public facility, we feel doubly rewarded for assisting in this project.”
Don and Linda Rose's daughter Lindsay would have been a senior in the academy this year. Lindsay died in a tragic surfing accident in April 2009. The Rose family requested that in lieu of flowers, donations be directed to the DPEA capital campaign, which resulted in an outpouring of community support. The foundation expressed gratitude to Lindsay's parents for ensuring that Lindsay will forever be a part of the DPEA family by allowing the mechanical engineering classroom in the Elings Center for Engineering Education to be named in her memory.
“Lindsay saw the outreach program the robotics class did at La Colina Junior High and came home and said she wanted to build a robot,” Don and Linda Rose said. “We were surprised and asked her several times if she was sure, that it was a four-year commitment. Lindsay enjoyed the hands-on aspect of the Engineering Physics class. She was proud to be part of the Engineering Academy and excited about the new building.
“We recently found a note she had written: ‘Mr. Shaeer promised we could build a non-Newtonian fluid pool if the Engineering Academy is built!' Lindsay embraced all of life's opportunities and had a great enthusiasm for learning. Lindsay's life touched many people in our community. Because of their generous contributions to the Engineering Academy in Lindsay's memory, we are able to establish the Lindsay Rose Mechanical Engineering Lab as a memorial to her.”
Parking for those attending the ribbon-cutting ceremony will be available in the lot at the corner of Alameda Avenue and Cathedral Oaks. Student guides will direct guests to the site. After the ribbon cutting, light refreshments will be served and guests are encouraged to tour the Elings Center for Engineering Education.
The Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy provides an engineering program designed for secondary students. Its initial course was offered during the 2002-03 school year. The capstone senior-level ROP Robotics course, offered by the Santa Barbara County Education Office ROP program, was added in 2005. DPEA's broad base of community support includes UCSB, SBCC and local industry partners. The DPEA is a public school program, operating on campus at Dos Pueblos High School, 7266 Alameda Ave. in Goleta.
Click here for more information about the Engineering Academy.
— Barbara Keyani is the administrative services and communications coordinator for the Santa Barbara Unified School District.
Four days ago, on the front page of ThisDay, I advised the Buhari administration against attaching 150,000 policemen to VIPs while schools in the Northeast do not have security (which led to the #DapchiGirls Kidnapping).
On March 15, 2018, in response to President Buhari boasting that he handled Dapchi better than Jonathan handled Chibok, I said as follows:
“Three weeks ago, Chief Mike Okiro, the head of the Police Service Commission, revealed that under President Muhammadu Buhari, 150,000 policemen are guarding ‘big men' instead of performing core police duties.
“President Buhari's son, Yusuf, alone had more guards him than the guards attached to Government Girls' Science and Technical College, Dapchi, at the time of the kidnapping, yet the president has the guts to say he handled Dapchi better than Jonathan handled Chibok.
“A serious president, knowing how vulnerable the North-east is, would have sent these 150,000 policemen to guard schools in the Northeast rather than send them out to guard APC big shots all over the country.”
I am glad to report today that the Inspector General of Police announced the withdrawal of those officers and ordered their return to core police duties.
Apparently, the ear infection he complained about and for which he received medical treatment in London at Nigerian tax payers expense has made him better able to listen to Nigerians.
I therefore commend President Buhari for listening to counsel.
Reno Omokri
Number One Bestselling author of Facts Versus Fiction: The True Story of the Jonathan Years, Chibok, 2015 and the Conspiracies.
Sorry, France — you're no longer the only one with a Louvre The scorching-hot Middle East will soon get a fresh blast of cool art. The Louvre Abu Dhabi, a franchise of the famed Parisian museum, opens at long last on Nov. 11....
Burka-clad man confesses to raping, strangling 11-year-old boy A man disguised himself in a burka so he could lure away an 11-year-old boy before raping and strangling him to death, police said. Schoolboy Azan Majid Janjua was snatched...
Couple gets arrested for fornication after doctor finds out lady is pregnant A South African man and his new fiancee have been detained in the United Arab Emirates for having sex outside of marriage — after a doctor treated the woman for...
SeaWorld to open first new park without killer whales ORLANDO, Fla. — Months after SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment ended its orca-breeding program amid pressure from animal rights activists, company officials announced Tuesday that they will help develop in Abu...
4 private islands for you to selfishly enjoy Ariara Island, the Philippines About 160 miles southwest of Manila, this 125-acre private island in the Palawan region has it all: jungle villas and beach cottages that can house up...
American woman held in Abu Dhabi for refusing to talk to men at airport DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — A US woman has appeared in court for allegedly insulting the United Arab Emirates in public while waiting for a taxi at the Abu Dhabi...
Chairman of Hakkasan Group resigns amid disappearance of billions Khadem Al Qubaisi, the Emirati-born chairman of the Hakkasan Group — which in three short years has become a top global nightclub and restaurant brand and the No. 1 player...
Jordan Spieth nearly takes out Rory McIlroy in scooter stunt ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates — The latest stop for Jordan Spieth on his tour of the golfing world is the Middle East and an eagerly anticipated head-to-head with Rory...
Man jailed for tweets about UAE's supreme court A man in the United Arab Emirates was sentenced to three years in jail on Monday for Twitter posts allegedly insulting the Gulf country's supreme court, a local newspaper reported....
Galway historian Catherine Corless says she is “not surprised” by confirmation of illegal birth registrations and believes the practice could extend to infants at the former Tuam mother and babies home.
“Nothing would shock me now,” Ms Corless said.
She had always maintained infants from the Tuam home could have been illegally adopted, even if recorded as having died.
“If they can falsify a birth date, there is the possibility that death certificates were falsified,” she said.
She had been able to trace only two records of burial among 798 death certificates recorded for the Tuam mother and babies home run by the Bon Secours order from 1925 to 1961.
“That means there were 796 babies and children whose burials are not accounted for in the county or surrounding areas,” she said.
Further investigation
Possible interference with birth and death certification at mother and baby homes in Tuam, Co Galway, and in Cork was highlighted as requiring further investigation in official HSE correspondence in October 2012, she pointed out.
The draft briefing paper had noted how deaths recorded at the Bessboro mother and baby home in Cork dropped dramatically in 1950 with the introduction of adoption legislation.
“The mother and baby home in Tuam was similarly involved with the provision of babies to the American adoptive market,” the HSE memo said, and “there are letters from senior church authorities asking for babies to be identified” for the US.
“We know there were burials on the grounds – as confirmed by the Commission of Investigation into Mother and Baby Homes test excavation – but this is why it is important that there is full exhumation at the site,” Ms Corless said.
The commission had confirmed in March 2017 the discovery of juvenile human remains in “significant quantities” on the grounds of the former home at Tuam.
An expert group established by Minister for Children Katherine Zappone had cast doubt on hopes of identification, but this was recently challenged by a University College Dublin-Trinity College team of scientists who pointed to advances in DNA testing.
“The Government is saying that each and every one of the 126 people whose births were incorrectly registered by the St Patrick's Guild adoption society lost their identity, and the same goes for the infants at Tuam,” Ms Corless said.
“I am delighted this has come out and it is great for the adoption groups who have lobbied for an audit for 10 years,” she added.
Police have caught a man suspected of starting a fire that killed 18 people and injured five others at a three-storey building in China.
The public security bureau of Qingyuan city in Guangdong province said authorities had arrested a 32-year-old man named Liu Chunlu in the county-level city of Yingde, which Qingyuan oversees.
Police had offered a 200,000 yuan (about €26,000) reward for the man they claim started the fire early on Tuesday morning.
The bureau said the man had burns on his hips. It did not provide a motive for the arson, but state broadcaster China Central Television (CCTV) reported the suspect had set fire to a karaoke parlour after an argument with others.
The suspect blocked the entrance of the venue with his motorcycle and then ignited it, CCTV said. The parlour had only one passage for entering and exiting, the report said.
Police, fire, health and other departments sent rescuers to the site after receiving a call after midnight about the fire, the Qingyuan police said.
The fire was put out at 12.55am local time and the injured were sent to the hospital, the bureau said on its official account on the microblog site, Sina Weibo.
– AP
Text My Main Number is a renowned landline texting service provider that offers the best landline texting for business services to its clients worldwide. Recently, the company announced the launch of the mobile application of text to landline for its clients. The mobile app is live in Google Play Store (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.textmymainnumber.app). The app is launched only for Android device users as of now, but according to the shared details, it will be soon available for iOS users as well.
“We are very happy to launch the first version of our text to landline app. At the moment, we have launched the Android app only, but soon we will be launching the iOS app as well. We are very happy and excited to see the feedback of our users.”, shared spokesperson of the company.
The text to landline app of Text My Main Number has basic features as of now that can be used by its users to perform following actions:
• Read messages sent to the business landline or toll free number
• Respond to the received SMS to landline
• Send a new SMS / MMS to any saved contact or number
• Contact book to manage contacts in the text to landline app
• Reports to see logs of all sent / received / scheduled messages
“At the moment, we are providing simple and the most basic features. Of course, we will be adding auto reply, Interactive Text Response and other advanced features in the upcoming versions of our text to landline application.”, shared Ash Vyas, Director of Operations, Text My Main Number.
She further added, “Please don't get confused about the usage of landline texting. This app is only for our customers who are using the landline texting for business. The customers of our customer will not need this app to access messages sent to them from a text-enabled landline number. It means if you have a text enabled your landline or toll free number, then you can use this app to access /respond the messages that you have received on your landline number. You can also use the responsive web app of text to landline from your mobile device. Your customers don't need to download this app as they will receive the messages in their inbuilt SMS app. This is just an add-on to meet our customer's expectations.”
According to the shared details, the businesses that are using landline texting for business can use this app optionally, if they are more comfortable with a mobile app than a browser based web app. The text to landline app is available for free in the Google Play Store. However, to use it the business needs to use the landline texting service of Text My Main Number.
About Text My Main Number
It is a leading landline texting company based in New York, USA. The company offers never seen before landline texting features in its app. The company also offers a risk free trial. For more details, visit http://textmymainnumber.com/
Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif blasted on Monday the US double-standards in dealing with Iran's defensive missile program.
According to IRNA, sheer hypocrisy of whining about Iran's defensive missiles while pouring >$100Bs of arms into our region,” Zarif said in a Monday Twitter message.
Zarif went on to criticize Washington and its European allies in using Iran's defensive missile program as a pretext to pressure regional countries to continue buying weapons from them.
“‘Customer Service' pledge by US/E3 arms producers: Buy our weapons and our governments will provide after-sales support by pressuring your neighbor to dismantle its defenses,” he said.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:26 Jerry Brown signs climate bill: 'This is big'
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
John O'Shea's senior international career may not have got off to the greatest of starts but Roy Keane says he saw something a little special in the Waterford man pretty much the first time he laid eyes on him.
O'Shea had already been at Manchester United two years and been out on two successful loan periods by the time Mick McCarthy threw him on for his debut late in a friendly against Croatia for the first of 117 senior caps.
The then 20-year-old promptly handled from a corner to concede a penalty from which the visitors got a late equaliser. It was an inauspicious start to what would be a great international career, one that will end on Saturday evening with the game against the USA.
“He's had a good innings and you couldn't begrudge him the nice send-off that he's going to get,” says Keane who was a key member of the senior squad at United when the younger Irishman started to appear on its margins.
“I remember him as a young player and thinking: ‘this kid's got a chance'. He was a decent player. And strangely enough, he always seemed really balanced. We've talked about all the pitfalls in football but John always seemed to be really switched on.
“But listen,” the Corkman continued with a grin, “he could be a raving lunatic when he's at home in the evenings, I hope he is. I hope he's a head case and we're all proved wrong when he's locked up in six months and we're all saying ‘Jesus, I never saw that coming'.
“But I don't think so. He'll probably have a nice steady life. Probably become a coach or a pundit.”
A couple of the other established internationals to announce their retirement since the end of the World Cup qualifying campaign have also been asked along to Saturday's game.
But the FAI has been fairly shamelessly selling the occasion as a send-off for a player, now 37, who first came to prominence as part of the U-17 side that won the European Championships in Scotland.
Important players
He played his second senior international game a few months after the 2002 World Cup, away to Greece. Keane was in international exile and McCarthy had recently resigned as a result of the pressure he came under when the team made a poor start to the Euro 2004 qualification campaign in the midfielder's absence.
Over the years that followed, O'Shea became one of the side's most important players; captaining the team on 17 occasions and featuring at two European Championships.
“Yeah, it's a nice send-off for him and we'll have good, good memories of Shaysie. He was a good pro, a good lad, and we'll miss him, just like we miss Robbie and Shay and all of those guys but it's all par for the course, you see these guys come and go.”
Speaking at a Spar-sponsored schools soccer event, O'Shea's former international team-mate Keith Andrews also paid tribute.
“John has been a key, key figure in our history,” said the 37-year-old. “What a servant and what a player he's been over such a long, long period.”
“Was it 2009, the Champions League final? We were all in the hotel watching him playing at right back against Barcelona and he was coming in to us tomorrow or the next day.
“From playing at that level and then coming into an environment where he would be playing with Championship players, lower Premier League players . . . after playing the previous week with Paul Scholes or Roy Keane or David Beckham or whoever it was around that time, but there was just nothing ever big-time about him whatsoever.”
CTV Vancouver
The search for three hikers who went missing at Shannon Falls this week has ended in tragedy.
The hikers were at the top of the falls with friends when they slipped and fell shortly before noon on Tuesday, according to the RCMP.
They landed in a water pool about 30 metres below, triggering a desperate rescue effort involving police, firefighters, paramedics and search crews from Squamish and Lions Bay.
Sadly, all three of their bodies were discovered late Tuesday evening with the use of an underwater camera.
On Wednesday, Cpl. Sascha Banks from Squamish RCMP said crews are still working to recover the bodies from the water.
"The terrain is extremely difficult, very dangerous, and the water flow will be heavy with the warm temperatures today, increasing the risk to those in the recovery effort," Banks said in a news release.
Until the recovery operation is complete, Shannon Falls and any trails leading to the pool system will remain closed to the public, authorities said.
The hikers' identities haven't been released, but police confirmed they were all in their 20s or early 30s, and they were all B.C. residents.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – A community event is coming to Westfield is less than two weeks.
Erin Murphy, the communications director with the city of Westfield stopped by WISH-TV to talk about Amigos de Westfield.
Amigos de Westfield is set to take place on Aug. 26 at Asa Bales Park from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m.
For more on the event, click here.
To hear more from the interview, click on the video.
Cellular concrete is a lightweight construction material comprising hydraulic cement, water, and preformed foam agent. It is a hard material and has a density ranging from 20 PCF to 120 PCF. Low density cellular concrete could have as density of 50 pounds per cubic foot (PCF) or less. Technically, any cementitious slurry or cementitious material that utilizes an externally produced foam to raise the air content above 10% could be assumed to be cellular concrete, popularly known as foamed concrete, aerated concrete, air-cured lightweight concrete, autoclaved cellular concrete, foam cement or lightweight flowable fill.
This concrete type, as against other available lightweight cementitious materials, uses externally generated foam to reduce the density. Cellular concrete has proved to be economical and at the same time provides high fluidity, high strength, resistance to fire, mold resistance and increased durability. Cellular concrete, although similar to aerated autoclaved concrete (AAC), provides advantages over AAC in terms of processing and equipment costs. The processing type for cellular concrete produces a higher quality material with low capital costs for manufacturing equipment as well. These important characteristics help cellular concrete products to demonstrate higher performance and provide economical construction vis-à-vis conventional concrete products.
Considering these important aspects of applications of cellular concrete, the study of the cellular concrete market becomes an important read.
Request Report Sample@ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/21985
Market Segmentation
Based on application, the cellular concrete market is segmented as follows:
Blocks, arches and slabs
Roof & pipeline insulation
Roads & other civic infrastructure
Void filling
Dike protection
Mooring lines & ports' construction
Others
Based on end-use industry, the cellular concrete market is segmented as follows:
Residential construction
Commercial construction
Others
Visit For TOC@ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/21985
Key Trends, Drivers
There has been an increased demand for tough and lightweight construction materials. These requirements have been driving the demand for cellular concrete in the recent times. Besides, approach towards developing cost-effective, environment-friendly products has also been favoring the global cellular concrete demand. This is so because of the environment-friendly nature of the production process of cellular concrete. The process involves the use of fly-ash, a waste material obtained from coal-based thermal plants at low prices vis-à-vis raw materials needed for conventional concrete that consumes large quantity of coal to make clinkers. The latter results in considerable greenhouse gas emissions as compared to the former. Cellular concrete displays a vast range of usage and provides multiple advantages in each of the applications. For instance, it is used on account of its higher thermal and acoustical insulation properties, compatibility to pumping processes and superior flow characteristics (fluidity) and ease of handling on account of its lightweight nature. It can also be used as an economical alternative to fill materials applied in the building & construction sector. There have been rising number of applications such as those in roof decks, floor decks and in geo-technical applications, such as annular space filling in slip lining and void fill abandonment. Cellular concrete has also witnessed a rise in architectural and precast applications.
However, there are concerns with regard to the quality of specific raw materials used in the cellular concrete manufacturing process. For instance, foam liquid concentrates used in these processes could range from poor to very high in terms of quality, which directly affects the product quality. Furthermore, cellular concrete experiences hydraulic shrinkage and creep vis-à-vis normal concrete on account of higher presence of the cement paste, although autoclave-based curing could help mitigate the strains caused to cellular concrete.
Report Analysis@ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cellular-concrete-market.asp
Orthopedic Products Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Orthopedic Products Market by type (joint reconstruction, spine, trauma, arthroscopy/soft tissue repair, orthobiologics) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Orthopedic Products Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Orthopedic Products Market are Zimmer Biomet, DePuy Synthes, Stryker Corporation, Smith & Nephew plc, Wright Medical Group N.V., Arthrex Inc., Sanofi S.A., NuVasive, Inc., Integra lifesciences and Medtronic plc. According to report the global orthopedic products market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 2.7% over the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/171
Increasing Availability of Emerging Technologies like 3D Printing, Robotics, and Customizable Implants Further Expected to Propel the Market in the Coming Years
The increasing incidence of sports injuries, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, and obesity, combined with the ever-increasing aging population globally is the key growth drivers of the global orthopedic products market. Along with these factors, increasing availability of emerging technologies like 3D printing, robotics, and customizable implants further expected to propel the market in the coming years. Some of the key technologies in the orthopedics market could play a major role in the shaping of the market in the next few years. Robotics and computer navigated surgeries continue to gain momentum as robotic and advanced computer technologies are used in knee and joint replacement surgeries, as well as cartilage repair procedures. Customized orthopedic implants are also increasing in the market as the demand for patient-specific implantation rises.
Segment Covered
The report on global orthopedic products market covers type segment. On the basis of type the global orthopedic products market is categorized into joint reconstruction, spine, trauma, arthroscopy/soft tissue repair, orthobiologics and others.
North America to Witness the Highest Growth during the Forecast Period
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017-2023.
Major Key Players Mantioned in this Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global orthopedic products market such as, Zimmer Biomet, DePuySynthes, Stryker Corporation, Smith & Nephew plc, Wright Medical Group N.V., Arthrex Inc., Sanofi S.A., NuVasive, Inc., Integra lifesciences and Medtronic plc.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Orthopedic Products Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Orthopedic Products Market
4. Global Orthopedic Products Market by Type
4.1. Joint Reconstruction
4.2. Spine
4.3. Trauma
4.4. Arthroscopy/Soft Tissue Repair
4.5. Orthobiologics
4.6. Others
5. Global Orthopedic Products Market by Region 2017-2024
5.1. North America
5.1.1. North America Orthopedic Products Market by Type
5.1.2. North America Orthopedic Products Market by Country
5.2. Europe
5.2.1. Europe Orthopedic Products Market by Type
5.2.2. Europe Orthopedic Products Market by Country
5.3. Asia-Pacific
5.3.1. Asia-Pacific Orthopedic Products Market by Type
5.3.2. Asia-Pacific Orthopedic Products Market by Country
5.4. RoW
5.4.1. RoW Orthopedic Products Market by Type
5.4.2. RoW Orthopedic Products Market by Sub-region
6. Company Covered
6.1. Zimmer Biomet
6.2. DepuySynthes
6.3. Stryker Corporation
6.4. Smith & Nephew PLC
6.5. Wright Medical Group N.V.
6.6. Arthrex Inc.
6.7. Sanofi S.A.
6.8. Nuvasive, Inc.
6.9. Integra Lifesciences
6.10. Medtronic Plc
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_orthopedic_products_market
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A helicopter has crashed in Yorkshire this afternoon, police have confirmed.
Officers were called to the scene near Aldborough, Boroughbridge, in the north of the county, around 1.23pm.
Emergency services including police, fire and ambulance crews are in attendance.
Police are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties., reports the Yorkshire Evening Post.
This is a breaking news story. We will be updating it.
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news. We are also on Instagram.
If you are on the go, the Birmingham Live app helps bring you closer to the latest news where you live.
Available on iPhone and Android , the app can be tailor made to bring you the latest on what matters to you.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — A water shortage warning has been issued to 8.1 million residents from Orlando to the Florida Keys.
South Florida Water Management District Board Chairman Dan O'Keefe said Thursday that residents' voluntary efforts will help the water supply last through the region's dry season. If those efforts prove insufficient, mandatory water restrictions may be considered.
Drought conditions have prompted the district to prohibit fires on its lands and prepare to close navigation locks on Lake Okeechobee's north shore.
Officials said rainfall across the district's 16 counties since Nov. 1 has been 6.75 inches below average. Water levels in Lake Okeechobee have dropped to 12.04 feet.
Miami-Dade Water and Sewer Department Director Lester Sola released a statement Thursday reminding residents about year-round, twice-weekly watering restrictions. Sola said individuals in Miami-Dade each use roughly 134 gallons of water daily.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI) is locked into a contract with ticket distributors THG until 2026 after an agreement was reached between the company and former OCI president Pat Hickey.
The organising committee for the next games, the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea, has already withdrawn permission for THG to sell tickets for Ireland for those games, saying it had become aware of allegations that THG was involved in the attempted illegal resale of tickets in Rio.
The news came as a report into the 2016 Rio Olympics ticket touting controversy by Mr Justice Carroll Moran was published yesterday. It strongly criticised the relationship between Mr Hickey and THG, a sports hospitality firm.
Mr Moran found the deals struck between the two prioritised their commercial interests over the athletes, their friends, relatives and supporters when it came to access to tickets.
His successor as OCI president Sarah Keane confirmed Mr Hickey had signed a contract that allowed THG to act as the official OCI ticket agent for the Summer and Winter Olympic Games in 2018, 2020, 2022, 2024 and 2026.
“This obviously presents the council quite a challenge going forward,” Ms Keane said of the contract, adding that the OCI would like to get out of the deal with THG but that she believes it is “pretty watertight”.
Financial element
The agreement was not brought before the executive committee for discussion at the time and members only became aware of it in recent weeks and it is understood there is a significant financial element to the deal.
Mr Justice Moran said Mr Hickey and the owner of THG, Marcus Evans, had a long-standing relationship which served to financially benefit them both.
The report was ordered by Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport Shane Ross after Mr Hickey was arrested and charged with alleged ticket touting and other offences in Brazil almost a year ago. The events prompted his resignation as OCI president after 27 years.
In a statement, Mr Hickey claimed the report cleared him of allegations of criminality and financial impropriety. The former OCI president maintained his innocence and insisted he would be cleared of all wrongdoing.
Mr Hickey, who is back in Ireland but awaiting trial in Brazil, said the inquiry contained a number of significant inaccuracies but he could not detail them at this present time.
He said he had “at all times I acted in the best interests of the Olympic Council of Ireland with a view to maximising revenue” for it. He also said he was confident his name would be cleared and he was looking forward to resuming his international Olympic duties.
‘Breached regulations'
Mr Justice Moran's report found $1.6 million was paid by Pro10 and THG to become official ticket distributors for Ireland's tickets at the Olympic games. Tickets allocated for families and friends of athletes were given to Pro10 for re-sale, a move that the judge said breached Olympics regulations.
Pro10 declined to comment on the findings, while THG insisted it acted lawfully at all times.
The judge's report was published in full yesterday but Mr Moran concluded his work was hampered by the failure of a number of people to co-operate.
Members of the Oireachtas Committee on Transport have called on Mr Hickey to accept an invitation to appear before them on Thursday to give evidence about the Rio controversy.
Fianna Fáil TD Robert Troy said the former OCI president now had the opportunity to give his side of the story. Mr Ross, Ms Keane, Sports Ireland chief executive John Treacy, and Kieran Mulvey of Sport Ireland have also been invited.
The Irish Times understand Mr Hickey is to write to the committee to decline their invitation. Solicitors for Mr Hickey believe the Oireachtas is denying their client his constitutional right to a fair trial and due process by their request.
The National Union of Students isn't good for much beyond the occasional discount voucher which it sends to its members. But its latest campaign still proved a big hit. The NUS called on its members to boycott the National Student Survey, suggesting that it could be used to justify higher fees if universities scored highly. Students need little encouragement not to do something; unsurprisingly, the plan worked. Last week, it emerged that a dozen universities didn't get enough responses for their surveys to be deemed valid. Top universities – including Cambridge, Oxford, UCL and Bristol – were among those affected.
The NUS are busy claiming success. Yet this characteristically petty protest has actually left students – and applicants – worse off. Rather than engaging the government on their policy, the NUS simply tried to obstruct the survey – and the Teaching Education Framework, of which it was a part. In doing so, the NUS may have thwarted the government's plan but it has done its members a disservice by silencing the voices of students.
For all the bluster about the survey being a tool of the evil Tory government, it's worth remembering that it was actually meant as a way of helping students. Studying at university doesn't come cheap. And for those forking out a fortune in fees, the survey offers a valuable indication of what students really think of their institutions. Where league tables are often based on graduate research programmes, the NSS answers a more straightforward question: do graduates think their time at university was worth it? For those heading off to university next month, knowing that someone else thought their own hard work – and tuition fees – was a worthwhile investment, is crucial.
What's more, unlike in-house surveys conducted by the universities themselves, the National Student Survey is harder to spin – offering a fair comparison across the country. Where teaching, pastoral care or administrative support is poor, the NSS gives students a stick with which to beat their university for wasting their cash. When the results come in, it gives universities a reason to listen, to plan and to improve.
So while the NUS's activists are pleased, the real effect of this campaign has been to rob applicants of information and censor students. The role of student activism should be the opposite: to create free, open debate and hold failing institutions to account. If only our union bosses, propelled to power by widespread apathy, could do that, perhaps students might care more.
Tony Diver is a final-year History and Politics student at Christ Church, Oxford.
Who has added more colorful turns of phrase to the English language than William Shakespeare? “A sorry sight,” “Fight fire with fire,” “Night owl,” “Up in arms” and “Vanish into thin air” are all said to be coined by the Bard himself.
That being said, some of his plays — especially the historic dramas — have been seen by many as ponderous. But DramaDogs' one-woman production of Queen Undaunted: Margaret of Anjou, performed last weekend at Center Stage Theater, added a few choice turns of phrase and edited many more, distilling Henry VI, Parts 1, 2, and 3 and Richard III into a clear and engaging portrait of one character who appears in all of them — Queen Margaret of Anjou.
Playwright and Dramaturg Jinny Webber has studied, taught, directed and acted in countless Shakespeare plays, and she was delighted with the opportunity to “collaborate” with him on the script for Queen Undaunted. It is made up of about two-thirds his words, but in order to compress and shape the material into one coherent view of Margaret's life, she supplied her own transitions and modifications, blending seamlessly.
E. Bonnie Lewis shone in speaking the words as Queen Margaret in all the facets of her complex character — from wide-eyed teenager being married off to Henry VI of England, to high-powered ruler of England, to mother suffering personal tragedy, to penniless exile. The elegant language, often imbued with her slightly more modern tone and expression, felt accessible and yet still authentic.
More than the words, what brought Margaret to life was Lewis' movement. A dancer as well as actor, she is able to portray raw emotion, as well as depicting the mundane moments in life that not even a queen is immune to, with her physicality. A small gesture of her hand or turn of her mouth could bring deep humanity and vulnerability to this ambitious and volatile character.
Because of her husband's frequent bouts of insanity and general weak will, it fell to her to step in and rule in his place during the Wars of the Roses, and she was described by an associate at court as “a tiger's heart wrapped in a woman's hide.” The theme of a woman defying the gender roles of her time to exert her power in the world is still relevant today.
The most poignant section was the entirely wordless dance in which Margaret decides she must bear Henry an heir to secure her place in the monarchy. Ted Dolas' excellent lighting design is moody here, and the music has a somewhat dark tone as well, underlining the determination with which Margaret set about this task.
In beautifully graceful pantomime, she illustrates pregnancy, birth and rearing of her son, with lessons in fencing and literature included. Evocative and powerful, this effective transition not only illustrates the passage of 15 years, but the depth of her bond with the young prince. His eventual death is then all the more tragic, as we have peered into their relationship, with all its tenderness.
Costuming is creatively used, with Lewis changing among four garments throughout the play, each representing an era of her life. Hanging on stands behind filmy white curtains, the garments also create shadowy figures upstage, perhaps representing others in her life. In addition, these garments are used as props, with one representing a coverlet, a handkerchief for wiping away tears, a burial shroud and a severed head. At the end when she puts on the garment, remembering her life, it is as if she is wearing her memories.
Directors Ken Gilbert and Michelle Osborne, who also provided costume and sound design, have provided an excellent framework for this exhilarating collaborative effort, and filled in the many shades of color necessary to present this deeply textured performance.
— Justine Sutton of Santa Barbara is a freelance writer and frequent Noozhawk reviewer.
In this photo taken on Thursday, Aug. 10 2017, Hugo Simoes talks on the radio while coordinating a group of volunteer firefighters from Lisbon helping fight a forest fire near the village of Aldeia do Monte outside Abrantes, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Armando Franca AP Photo
Two bulldog puppies had some fun playing in the snow in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, as a nor'easter was set to dump a foot of snow on the northeast on Wednesday, March 7. It was the second nor'easter to hit the northeast in less than a week. This vid
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Two northeast side restaurants remain closed after eight people were taken to a hospital after a carbon monoxide leak during the lunch hour, authorities said.
All eight people went to the nearby Community North Hospital with varying levels of carbon monoxide readings. A respiratory monitor used at the scene found one worker at Skyline Chili had carbon monoxide levels three times the maximum amount, authorities said.
Indianapolis Fire Department was dispatched at 12:16 p.m. to Skyline Chili and The Happy Chicken in the Castleton Village Shopping Center, 6689 E. 82nd St., after multiple 911 calls. A news release from Battalion Chief Rita Reith said employees reported feeling lightheaded. The businesses were evacuated.
“Many of the patrons were checked on scene and released,” the release said.
Citizens Utilities secured the natural gas at the restaurants about 1:15 p.m., the release said.
The origin of the carbon monoxide was not immediately known, and the two restaurants are closed until approval for reopening by the Marion County Board of Health, the release said.
Skyline Chili manager Cheri Throop told firefighters that the gas feeding kettles and the water heater had both been recently worked on, the release said.
Get in touch with your arty side on Saga's five-night Edinburgh Fringe at Sea sailing in summer 2018.
The world's largest arts festival will be in full swing with street performances, comedy, dance, opera and theatre in Scotland's vibrant capital city.
Saga Sapphire moors overnight in Leith, so guests can immerse themselves in the atmosphere of the Edinburgh Fringe where many famous comedians started their careers, including Rowan Atkinson, Billy Connolly, Ben Elton and Saga Magazine's own agony aunt Jo Brand.
Guests can also join an optional tour to celebrate the last night of the Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo and watch the fireworks and light show.
The cruise also includes an overnight call to Newcastle so art aficionados can opt for a city tour to see the Sage Gateshead performing arts venue designed by Norman Foster's architectural team and visit the nearby Baltic Flour Mill, which has been converted into one of the largest modern art centres outside London.
Those who want to go further afield can choose from optional excursions to Alnwick Castle, Hadrian's Wall or Cragside gardens.
Back on board, guests can enjoy first-class service, fine dining and plenty of entertainment as well as relaxing by the seaside-themed Beach Club pool during this truly best of British cruise!
For details visit saga.co.uk/ocean-cruises or call 0800 50 50 30
Five nights from £976 departing August 22, 2018. Price includes UK travel package to and from Dover, all meals and entertainment, choice of table wines at lunch and dinner, afternoon tea, 24-hour room service, welcome cocktail party, unlimited tea and coffee in selected venues, free Wi-Fi, all on-board gratuities, porterage, free shuttle bus to the nearest town centre (whenever possible and when the ship is berthed more than 500 yards away), optional travel insurance and additional cancellation rights, or a discount if passenger has own insurance.
Price based on two people sharing the lowest available Inside cabin grade and includes any relevant booking discount. Fare was correct at the time of sending and is subject to availability and change. Further terms and conditions apply. Please call for details.
All excursions mentioned are optional, at an additional cost, and are subject to availability and change. Some of the highlights detailed may only be seen on optional excursions or by exploring independently.
Stepping into aggressive business plans, Lemon Mobiles, the home-grown mobile brand from Lemon Electronics Limited has introduced new logo under its revamped brand identity and investment plans. The brand has developed its new brand identity focusing on two pillars including ‘Companionship and Trust'. Highlighting the same, the new tagline for the brand will be “Bharose ka saath”, which will be amplified further through various marketing and media initiatives.
The company has also come up with new mission and vision which is to be a seamless organization adopting innovative technologies and ‘empowering lives'. It aims to create an ownership and performance driven work culture by empowering people, keeping product innovation and customer satisfaction at the forefront. Recently, the brand has completely revamped its business operations to make quality and commitment the benchmarks of its brand name.
Mr. Kapil Chugh, Chairman & Managing Director, Lemon Electronics Limited said, “The revamped brand approach is in line with Lemon Mobiles' next growth strategy in the Indian market. The new brand identity and production unit bring a significant potential for the brand to bounce back and continue its commitment of delivering what market demands. We have planned to come up with robust strategies to fulfill the long-term needs of our consumers.”
The company has also planned to set up a new manufacturing unit for mobile phones and LED TVs at Sector 80, Noida. Currently, its product portfolio includes the finest quality feature phones, smartphones, and LED TVs at a budget-friendly price. Aiming to capture a bigger pie of Indian smartphone market, the brand is planning to launch 6-7 new smartphones in 4K – 8K price range in the coming months.
Praveen Srivastava, CEO – Lemon Electronics Limited said, “With new brand identity, we are determined to become a quality and performance driven entity in the market. Our new expansion plans are centred on our commitment to adopting new technologies and empowering customers. We are going to implement aggressive 360-degree marketing strategy across all mediums – ATL, BTL and Digital, which will establish a strong brand recall in the market.”
With an estimated investment of Rs 150 Cr, the proposed production facility will be equipped to produce 1 million mobile handsets per month. Spread over 1.30 lacs sq/ft. area, it will also have the capacity of producing 60K LED TVs per month. After the plant comes into operations in 2020, company aims to hit Rs 1000 Cr top line in next 3 years. The company also plans to set up an R&D and Testing Lab facility in Shenzhen, China to design the next-generation mobile handsets.
About Lemon Mobiles
Lemon Mobiles is the flagship brand of Lemon Electronics Limited (formerly Fastrack communication Ltd). Established in 2008, the company is a reputed home-grown name in mobile and consumer electronics market in India. The brand's product portfolio includes the finest quality feature phones, smartphones, and LED TVs. Headquartered in Noida, Lemon Mobiles has a wide network of regional offices and service centres across the country.
Luke O'Connor applauded and cheered with gusto and occasionally leapt to his feet during speeches at the Irexit conference for those opposed to Ireland's membership of the European Union.
The 21-year-old Kilkenny student warmed to the praise lavished by former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on US president Donald Trump and the Brexit-like political earthquake he unleashed in 2016.
O'Connor wore a Trump-campaign “Make America Great Again” red baseball cap to the Saturday conference at the RDS in Dublin.
“I honestly get a great reaction. I would wear it on nights out,” he told The Irish Times.
I am hoping something comes of this, if not a party that we can get candidates to run in the European elections, that we even have a voice
The DCU student was typical of most attendees at the event, organised by Hermann Kelly, spokesman for the Ukip-led Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy group in the EU Parliament. O'Connor is young, male and felt like his was a voice not heard in Irish politics or the media.
Writer John Waters at the Freedom to Prosper conference on Irexit at the RDS in Dublin. Photograph: Bryan Meade
He explained that he comes at politics from “a different perspective”, that he was “very much at home” with the economic nationalism espoused by former Trump strategist Steve Bannon.
‘Affront to democracy'
Describing the EU as “an affront to democracy” with “unelected bureaucrats”, he hopes the Irexit conference will at least allow people to start a conversation.
“I am hoping something comes of this, if not a party that we can get candidates to run in the European elections, that we even have a voice,” he said.
In between speakers including Farage, writer John Waters, academics Anthony Coughlan and Karen Devine, attendees were entertained with videos lampooning Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker.
During the lunchtime break, Sarah Louise Mulligan (35), a student from Glasnevin, Dublin, approached O'Connor in the RDS to admire his cap.
She explained that she came to the conference because she is a “really big fan of Nigel Farage” and believes Ireland should take “a few leaves out of Donald Trump's book”.
Dr Karen Devine speaking at the Irexit conference at the RDS. Photograph: Bryan Meade
Ireland needs to follow them and become independent, she says. She also attended because she felt there should be less bias in the media and more balance in political debate to represent anti-EU views.
“We are standing on our own two feet now. We don't really need any EU help any more,” she said.
We are a net contributor. We don't get anything back from the union. It costs us money to stay in
Maggie Dunne (73), a care assistant, and her daughter Samantha (47), who works for a pest control company, saw the conference advertised on Facebook and drove from their homes in Fermoy, Co Cork.
They see enough support for an Irexit party in Ireland, particularly given that the Irish public are paying more into the EU than the country is getting out.
Alex Lee at the Irexit conference at the RDS in Dublin today. Photograph: Bryan Meade
“People are kind of waking up to what it means to them, how much it is going to cost them, how much they have lost,” she said.
“We are a net contributor. We don't get anything back from the union. It costs us money to stay in.”
Lone protester
Bruno Canning (41), a lone protester at the conference, interrupted an interview which writer John Waters was having with Farage. He held up a blue EU flag and whistled the EU anthem Ode to Joy.
He was escorted out of the hall, accompanied by angry jeers. He even had his flag confiscated.
Standing outside the gates of the RDS, the computer science student explained that he had travelled from Kent in England to protest at the voices inside the conference and the loss of his right to live, work, study and retire anywhere in Europe post-Brexit.
Do you have to agree with everything before you come to these things? Is that the way it is in Ireland now?
Inside, Aine O'Connell, a teacher from Charleville in Co Cork, asked the panel – with just one female participant – why the event was “very male-dominated”. “Would that be a problem going forward?” she asked.
A European Union exit badge on display in the RDS Dublin. Photograph: Bryan Meade
One delegate asked all the women at the conference to stand up; they were in a small minority.
O'Connell told The Irish Times she had come as an observer to educate herself and to see if she was interested in the idea of Irexit. She felt there needs to be a discussion about leaving the EU “without labelling people”.
“People are afraid to discuss this, people are afraid to bring it up,” she said.
At the Freedom to Prosper conference on Irexit were James Byrne and James McMahon. Photograph: Bryan Meade
“It is not going to be discussed because you are afraid that you are going to be labelled a bigot if you so much as bring up the topic.”
Negative comments
She had also noticed few women at the event and that this had generated negative comments on social media, based on photographs posted of the attendees at the event.
“I wondered why: why they don't feel they come here and ask questions as well?” she said. “Do you have to agree with everything before you come to these things? Is that the way it is in Ireland now?”
Ekiti state Governor, Ayodele Fayose has alleged plots by the Progressives Congress, APC, party to seize the state's federal allocations, make him owe workers' salaries so that the Ekiti people would lose hope in him and not vote for him in the coming Governorship election in the state, a move he said is to get back at him.
Fayose gave the statement while speaking with newsmen in Ekiti on Tuesday.
According to him, the Progressives Congress (APC) led federal government plans to cripple the state by rendering it impossible for the government to carry out its statutory financial obligations.
He said, the plot is to make the on-going projects in the state which will impact positively on the people to come to a halt so that the Ekiti state people will hate his party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and instead, turn their allegiance to APC.
“I called you here today to intimate you about the new plot by the Progressives Congress (APC) led federal government to cripple our state by rendering it impossible for the government to carry out its statutory financial obligations.”
“It is alarming that while we were almost concluding that the siege on Ekiti and its people by the APC government in Abuja, with full collaboration from leaders of the party in Ekiti State had stopped, we are now being confronted with yet another shenanigan by those who won't mind seeing Ekiti people die of hunger just to achieve their selfish political agenda ahead of the 2018 election.”
“The question is; if they have issues with Fayose politically, must they suffer the innocent government workers?”
“Two weeks ago, some top functionaries of the APC in Ekiti State met in Abuja where it was decided that renew efforts should be made to cripple the State. It was agreed that the federal government must be made to stop all intervention funds to Ekiti State while the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) should be used to cripple the finances of contractors handling government legacy projects.”
“The game plan is that the moment workers do not receive their salary, they will hate me and my party, the PDP and this they believe will translate to votes for them in 2018.”
“This new onslaught against Ekiti State and its people started with the stoppage of the State January allocation and statutory budget support fund.”
“While all states in Nigeria received their full allocation from the federation account last month, the budget support fund was not released to Ekiti State thereby making it impossible for the state to meet its financial obligations, most especially the payment of salaries.”
“Three weeks after Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) meeting, they have refused to tell us why they denied Ekiti State of the statutory allocation, and our letter to the Minister of Finance was ignored.”
“In another drama, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) is now harassing major contractors handling Ekiti State Government projects, with a view to making sure that the projects are abandoned just because of 2018 election.”
“Obviously, these APC leaders in Ekiti State and their collaborators in Abuja fear that the completion of our ongoing legacy projects like the Overhead Bridge, Oja Oba Market, High Court Complex, Governor Office, Roads construction, among others, will further endear our party, the PDP to the people who will be positively affected.”
“One wonders why the APC will desire that Ekiti people suffer just because of desperation for power.”
“To prevent these projects from being completed, we have it on good authority that accounts of contractors handling major projects are to be frozen, thus prevent completion of the projects in record time.”
“It is so sad that anyone in his or her right senses will want to prevent workers from being paid and projects from being completed just because of their desperation to wrestle power from me, having failed in all theor previous attempts.”
“Interestingly, this same EFCC that is always in a hurry to harass my government has refused to act on several petitions submitted to it on the wanton looting of the State treasury by the immediate past APC government of Dr Kayode Fayemi.”
“However, notwithstanding this new evil plot against the government and people of Ekiti State, I will remain undaunted, believing strongly that God will again overcome this evil-machination. Definitely, this too shall pass.”
“As much as I believe in the fight against corruption, it must not be political and it must be done within the ambit of the law. The EFCC must be prosecutor and not persecutor.”
The post Fayose alleges plots by APC to seize Ekiti Fed allocation, make him lose 2018 election appeared first on Vanguard News.
Being an elite rower at this level, it takes a lot of hard work. We train twice a day. We get one day off a week. It's very long hours, the travelling too, from training. We all get on really, really well. Yeah, we all support each other, as it can sometimes be difficult. But it's very, very rewarding as well.
Here in this club, I think we do a really good job of making the two teams pretty much identical. We work off of almost the exact same training programme. We use the same physiologist, we use the same facilities. It's moving towards a place where the two clubs are pretty much different only in name.
So the change in 2015 when the women moved onto the tideway, it was hugely influential for me, that was my first year I was in Oxford. And I'd never really heard of a boat race before I came here, so to watch such a big thing that the women were moving onto the tideway with the men, that really influenced my decision to come and give it a go. And since then, I think the sport's only grown.
I think we get so much more public recognition for how hard these women are all working, because the women in the 2014 and previous crews put in just as many hours and worked just as hard. But now people get to actually see what that hard work looks like, which is really exciting.
David Snow and Sande George of the American Planning Association discussed California Environmental Quality Act reform Tuesday night at the APA California Chapter's annual conference at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort in Santa Barbara.
The four-day conference featured 75 conference sessions, nationally renowned keynote speakers, mobile workshops and more than 50 exhibits.
The Cal Chapter APA's Legislative Update session focused on the Enhanced CEQA Action Team, a collaboration of the Association of Environmental Professionals and the APA chapter that developed regulatory changes to enhance CEQA's efficiency. CEQA is a statute that requires public agencies to identify a project's environmental impacts.
The ECAT proposed five reforms to improve efficiency: eliminating disruptive late input to the Environmental Review Process, modifying ineffective infill project streamlining provisions, improving the defensibility of thorough negative declarations, eliminating redundancy by improving tiering provisions and improving cumulative impact analysis.
“I'm looking forward to a robust and comprehensive review of CEQA and what needs to be reformed rather than project-specific issues,” said Snow, the APA's vice president of legislation.
He said the reforms ECAT proposed will maintain CEQA's original intent and structure but speed up the process.
“You have the development community who is looking to reduce requirements by weakening CEQA because of litigation requirements, and on the other end you have environmentalists who want the most protective regime,” he said. “But this isn't the type of situation where you throw the whole thing out.”
Everyone must understand that more process doesn't equal more protection, said George, the APA's executive director and lobbyist.
“What I think everyone is looking for is shortening the amount of time it takes, certainly for cities and counties it's (shortening the) process,” she said. “Given some of the things you do have to go through, you could streamline the process and get to the meat of the issue and not deal with extraneous matters that don't have to do with end product.”
The secretary of resources will review the amendments and revise CEQA guidelines by the end of the year.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
BROOKSVILLE — The annual meeting of the Bagaduce Watershed Association will be held on Tuesday, Aug. 22, at 7 p.m. at the Reversing Falls Sanctuary, 818 Bagaduce Road in Brooksville.
Robin Alden, executive director of the Maine Center for Coastal Fisheries, will speak on the topic “Local Ecology, Local Stewardship: What Climate Change is Teaching Us About Fisheries.”
All are welcome to attend.
The Bagaduce Watershed is comprised of the Bagaduce River and associated uplands of the towns of Penobscot, Brooksville, Sedgwick and Castine. The mudflats, coves, tidal creeks and estuaries provide abundant commercially harvestable fishing grounds, recreational opportunities and vital wintering, breeding and feeding habitat for migratory and wading birds, waterfowl and other wildlife.
The Bagaduce River has been designated a Focus Area of Statewide Ecological Significance whose tidal resources contribute to regional biodiversity. The mission of the Bagaduce Watershed Association is to support and sustain the environmental, economic and social health of this watershed.
For more information, contact [email protected] or call 326-4834.
Sales for the 1080p and 720p model Spycrushers spy pen camera increase after positive customer feedback and news coverage.
“We appreciate how news of our spy pen camera products has spread throughout the country and overseas. Our sales across all our pen camera models have increased. We know that it is because of the outstanding news coverage and overwhelmingly positive customer feedback that has gotten us to this point,” said Ryan Anderson, President of SpyCrushers.
A pen camera, as in the case of a SpyCrushers pen camera, is a real writing executive style pen that has a secret hidden camera inside that records video, audio and takes pictures without being detected. It is a covert spying and surveillance recording device used by individuals who have a need or desire for a spy camera.
SpyCrushers President, Ryan Anderson recently spoke to a group of attendees during a press conference regarding the success of their spy pen camera line of products.
“We offer a range of spy pen cameras. We currently offer four models that range in storage size and functionality. We have a 4GB, 8GB and two 16GB storage size spy pen models. Our biggest selling spy cameras are our 16GB spy pen 1080p and 720p models,” said Anderson.
According to Anderson, the SpyCrushers 16GB 1080p Spy Pen Camera records in 1080p HD video. Takes high resolution pictures, has an audio only recording feature and can be used as a webcam. The 16GB 720p spy pen has the same features and functionality as the 1080p pen camera, but records in 720p HD video instead of 1080p.
The 1080p pen camera is available on the Spycrushers website at a $69.97 retail price. The 720p spy pen camera is also available on the Spycrushers website and is offered at $49.97.
“We have very affordable pricing for our pen cameras. We often hold sales and special discounted offers through our distribution partners like Amazon and Groupon ,” said Anderson.
Anderson went on to say that through their company's social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest the company makes past and potential customers aware of the which sales channel the best price can be found on any given day.
Currently Spycrushers spy camera products can be found for sale online on Amazon , Groupon, Ebay and Spycrushers ecommerce sites. Amazon, Ebay and Groupon shoppers can find Spycrushers products when using the search word spycrushers inside any open search bar found on any of the sites named.
About SpyCrushers
SpyCrushers brand and line of products are owned and operated by Crushers Inc. Crushers, Inc. is a manufacturer and retailer of consumer goods and electronics.
Contact:
Ericka Evans
Company: SpyCrushers
Address: Geneva, IL
Phone: 317-660-1338
Email: pr@spycrushers.com
Website: http://www.spycrushers.com
Global Remote Infrastructure Management Research Report: by Type (Database Management, Storage Management, Server Management, Network & Communication Management, Desktop management, Application management & Others) and by Deployment(Cloud and On-premises) – Forecast till 2023
Market Scenario
Remote infrastructure management represents the management of infrastructure services of the organization including mobile support & services from different parts of the country. The services generally include networks, email systems, ERP system level support (SAP basis support), technical support and mainframe technical support, desktops/laptops and related peripherals, data center, and database administration.
Remote infrastructure management enables the business to reduce the risk from major network failures, enhances the infrastructure and perform 24X7 hands-on monitoring. However, the remote infrastructure management is implemented into different verticals such as banking and financial services and Insurance (BFSI), IT & telecommunication, media and communication, healthcare, and retail & e-commerce, and many more.
Additionally, protecting a server is the major concern for business organizations, and most of the organizations located their servers at a distant location and function from various locations. In such cases, remote infrastructure management handles their servers, patch management, remote server administration, server audits, upgradation, and performance monitoring and perform their routine repair and maintenance.
Moreover, the remote infrastructure management is categorized into large enterprises and small & medium enterprises. The large enterprises are presumed to grow in emerging economies such as India, Republic of Korea and China which tends to have the greater demand for remote infrastructure management owing to enhanced investment from the advanced economies.
With the constant innovation in IT architecture and remote management servers, change in the preference of the consumer and abundance of technical expertise in the IT domain are driving the remote infrastructure management market.
On the other hand, the security concerns and reluctance of SMBs to invest in IT infrastructure are presumed to be restraining factors for the remote infrastructure management market.
The Global Remote Infrastructure Management Market, 2017-2023 (USD Billion)
The global remote infrastructure management is expected to reach USD 35 billion by 2023 growing at 11% CAGR over the forecast period 2017-2023.
Key Players:
The top players of the remote infrastructure management market are Nityo Infotech (U.S.), Locuz technologies (U.S), Ctrls Datacenters (India), Fujitsu (Japan), Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) (India), Capgemini (France), and HCL (India).
Recently, Tata Consultancy Services had provided the remote infrastructure management services to Bombardier Transportation data centers based in Germany. TCS services of remote infrastructure management provided managed services, storage, network & security services to the data centers.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5290
Segmentation:
The remote infrastructure management is differentiated by type, deployment, organization size and applications.
Based on the type, the remote infrastructure management is sub-segmented into database management, storage management, server management, network & communication management, desktop management, application management, and others. Furthermore, deployment remote infrastructure management segment is sub-segmented into on-premises and on the cloud.
On the basis of the size of the organization, the remote infrastructure is sub-segmented into small & medium enterprises and large enterprises.
Application remote infrastructure management segment is further divided into banking, financial services, and Insurance (BFSI), retail & e-commerce, healthcare, transportation, IT & telecommunication, media & entertainment, manufacturing, government & defense, and others.
Regional Analysis:
Geographically, the remote infrastructure management is segmented into five different regions namely North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Latin America.
North America is presumed to be the dominating region in the global remote infrastructure management market. The U.S is the leading country in this region. Increased growth of the digitalization and surging demand for outsourcing services are the major drivers of the remote infrastructure management market over the forecast period. The Asia Pacific and Europe are anticipated to have a significant growth in remote infrastructure management over the forecast period. India is expected to be the brightest spot in the Asia Pacific region owing to big giants such as TCS and HCL, which possess the large pool of engineers and technicians employed in IT infrastructure.
Get Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/remote-infrastructure-management-market-5290
Target Audience:
• Research Firms.
• Government Agencies
• Networking companies
• RIM providers
• Data center providers
• Cloud Service Providers (CSPs)
• Internet Service Providers (ISPs)
• Telecom service providers
• Value-Added Resellers (VARs)
• Hosting vendors
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Five years to the day that journalist Austin Tice went missing covering the civil war in Syria, McClatchy Co. raised a banner Monday outside its corporate headquarters at The Sacramento Bee to honor the kidnapped newsman and draw attention to his plight.
The banner, with a photo of Tice superimposed over the American flag, reads, “American Journalist Austin Tice” and notes that he has been “captive in Syria since August 2012.”
“Now is the time to bring him safely home,” the banner states, carrying the hashtag, #FreeAustinTice.”
“We, across McClatchy, are thinking about Austin today and every day,” said McClatchy President and CEO Craig Forman, who marked the anniversary in The Bee's courtyard before an audience of employees and Sacramento-area television reporters.
Forman called Tice's disappearance “an unjust and senseless detention in Syria” and called on federal leaders and his captors to work on his release.
“There was no reason for his detention and there's none now,” Forman said.
Tice, who turned 36 on Friday, is believed to have gotten into a car to head toward Lebanon when he went missing.
He has not been seen since, except for the release of a 43-second video five weeks after his disappearance that was titled “Austin Tice is alive” and showed him being held by a group of armed men.
Tice, a native Texan and former captain in the U.S. Marine Corps, went to Syria as an independent journalist in May 2012, before his final year of studies at Georgetown Law School.
He was covering events in Syria for McClatchy, The Washington Post and other news organizations.
Forman noted that his parents Marc and Debra Tice have maintained efforts to win his release. His family has created a website at austinticefamily.com to advocate for his release and draw attention to his case.
Sounds like our final return to Westeros will be well worth the wait
The wait for Game of Thrones' eighth and final season rumbles on, but there's one thing keeping us going through these difficult times – the cast of the HBO series making vague comments about what to expect, without actually giving any sense of what will happen or to whom.
Advertisement
And now Emilia Clarke has joined the chorus of Westerosi voices promising non-specific things to come, with the British actor (who's currently starring as Qi'Ra in Solo: A Star Wars story) describing Game of Thrones' final season as “heartbreaking, awesome, and tense,” when asked about the topic by RadioTimes.com.
Yeah, hook those indistinct hedgings straight to my veins.
“I'm three quarters of the way through filming it, so that's what I'm feeling right now!” Clarke added, before wondering if the words she'd chosen would actually better describe her own state of mind as opposed to the final episodes themselves.
“Three words about how I'm feeling about the end of Game of Thrones rather than the actual season itself?”
But will season 8 actually live up to expectations? To that question, Clarke was even more circumspect.
“I hope so – we'll see,” she told us.
Based on what she's said (in a vague way, of course) about what's next for Daenerys elsewhere, we're betting it'll have fans on the edge of their seats regardless. Until, then, well – we'll always have the ambiguous hints!
Advertisement
Game of Thrones returns to HBO and Sky Atlantic in 2019
The first ever global business convention in Mizoram –The Magnetic Mizoram Investors Summit organized by the Government of Mizoram and its state partners Innovations India garnered immense response from the investors.
Pacts worth Rs 2,100 crores were signed in Solar Energy & Hospitality sectors. Speaking at the closing ceremony of a two day summit, Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla said, “The signing of pacts between the Mizoram Government and private companies for Rs 2,100 crore investments in Mizoram was an indication of the success of the summit.”
Rs. 600 crore projects for generating solar energy was signed between the Mizoram Government and Sungevity Enterprises, while Rs. 1,500 crore multifaceted hospitality project for creation of a Tourism destination and entertainment zone in Mizoram was signed between the Mizoram Government and Hospitality Doctor.
While expressing hope that both the state government and investors would benefit from the summit, Lal Thanhawla said that Mizoram is walking towards the path of development and measures are being underway to improve connectivity in the state to attract more investors.
He further stated that Mizoram would soon become an ideal place for investment as it will be a gateway and hub for border trade between India and South Asian countries. He also thanked all the delegates from different parts of India and abroad, who attended the two day summit in Aizawl.
The two day Magnetic Mizoram Investors Summit held at the picturesque Tourist Complex Convention Centre at Berawtlang on the outskirts of Aizawl was supported by State Bank of India, Airtel, NDTV Goodtimes, INDIA POST, ICFAI University, Leading Edge Adventures, IIM Kolkata, US India Strategic Partnership Forum and was attended by around 1,000 people including Investors & Industry leaders from India and abroad, Diplomats, Representatives of states and government, Senior policymakers, Leaders from the corporate world, Heads of International Institutions, policymakers, Academicians and Local Entrepreneurs.
The summit also marked the presence of Home Minister Sh.R. Lalzirliana, Finance Minister Sh. Lal Sawta, Industry & Commerce Minister Sh. H. Rohluna, Secretary Ministry of DoNER Sh. Naveen Verma, OSD(states) Ministry of External Affairs Sh. MLK Raja as well as almost all top bureaucrats of Mizoram.
Captain Rahul Bali, CEO of Magnetic Mizoram Investors Summit said, “It's indeed very heartening to see the overwhelming response and participation at this ambitious endeavor of ours. The convergence of so many Industry leaders from across the Business world testifies that Mizoram is the new hub for business and investments. The Summit has provided us with a strong impetus on our way to development ”
A total of 6 technical sessions and panel discussions by distinguished panelists with active participation of delegates from India and various countries like Germany, Russia, Poland and Singapore were conducted during the two-day summit that became a platform for deliberation on investments, new projects and to promote business cooperation across various sectors of trade and industry in Mizoram.
Iran has detained 21 crew members of three fishing boats in the Persian Gulf for illegally entering the country's territorial waters.
The coastguard commander for Iran's southern Kish Island, Colonel Rahim Jahanbakhsh, said on Monday that the dhows, belonging to the Arab littoral states of the Persian Gulf, had been seized after trespassing on the Islamic Republic's territorial waters and fishing rare and endangered species.
He added that the vessels had illegally sailed 12 kilometers into southern Iranian territorial waters and were fishing, in particular for a rare shark species.
He said the fishermen had been handed over to judicial officials and would be dealt with in accordance with the Islamic Republic's laws with respect to environment protection.
The Iranian maritime official further added that the country detained 12 foreign boats that had illegally entered its territorial waters for fishing purposes in recent months and said all their crew members are currently in detention based on judicial orders.
Jahanbakhsh said Iran closely monitors all movements in its territorial waters, particularly in the Persian Gulf, in a bid to preserve marine life and at the same time ensure security of the country's sea borders.
Under Iranian law, fishing for rare marine creatures carries hefty cash fines.
Back in August, Iranian Defense Minister Brigadier General Hossein Dehqan stated that the Islamic Republic's naval forces were monitoring all movements in the Persian Gulf and would confront any vessels intruding into the country's territorial waters.
"If any foreign vessel enters our waters, we will give them a warning. If it is an act of aggression, we will confront them," Dehqan said.
By Kabir Dankatsina
BIRNIN KEBBI—Kebbi State Government has said it had settled pensioners with N79 million of N5.9 billion Paris Club refunds it received from the Federal Government.
At a briefing in Birnin Kebbi, Commissioner for Finance, Ibrahim Augie, said N1.5 billion was deducted every month by the state for the payment of monthly salaries to 19,133 civil servants out of the N2.7 billion it received from the federation account.
He said: “We received the first tranche and instructions by the Federal Government are to use it to settle salary arrears and for infrastructural development. So, essentially, the first tranche went to gratuity and pension arrears. The other half went to infrastructural development and this current one is to be spent the same way.”
Augie further disclosed that the state government recovered about N56 billion from over 1,000 dormant accounts of MDs through the implementation of TSA accounts, saying the state IGR has increased from N270 million to N800 million.
By Soni Daniel, Northern Region Editor
department of State Services, DSS, yesterday, released the names and particulars of some notorious criminals arrested in parts of the country in relation to illegal supply of arms to robbers, kidnappers and other criminal elements across the country.
The service, in a statement by Tony Opuiyo and made available to Vanguard said the arrest of the masterminds and recovery of the deadly weapons were made possible through what it called ‘a nationwide sweep' that lasted 10 days.
The agency said most of the gunrunners, who had been on its wanted list for several years, were linked to violent activities which included armed banditry and kidnapping.
The sweep began on March 13, at about 12:20p.m., with the arrest of one John Abbey, a suspected arms dealer, in Wukari, Taraba State, who had been on the agency's wanted list for over 10 years over arms and ammunition trade.
The statement indicated that Abbey, also known as Jonah Idi, was arrested alongside his alleged driver, Agyo Saviour, a.k.a Dan-Wase.
He allegedly supplied arms to criminal groups in Bayelsa, Ebonyi, Rivers, Imo, Anambra, Plateau, Nasarawa, Benue and Taraba, working closely with Terwase Akwaza, a.k.a. Ghana, to terrorise residents in Benue State.
The DSS linked Abbey to a movement of arms and ammunition from Konduga, Borno State, to Taraba State, adding that Mr. Saviour was the driver used in the illegal transfer.
The statement said: “Indications are that he sources arms from the Republic of Cameroon and parts of the North-East of Nigeria.”
Abbey's arrest came barely days after DSS nabbed one Sesugh Aondoseer, another suspected member of the Ghana's gang.
Aondoser, who was arrested on March 7 around 12:23a.m. near the International Market along George Akume Road in Makurdi, the Benue State capital, was accused of masterminding “some kidnap and robbery operations in Katsina Ala-Ukum and Gboko-Makurdi axis of the state.
He was also linked to attacks in Takum, Taraba State.
In a similar operation on March 15, 2018, around 5p.m., operatives arrested a suspected kidnapper, Lawal Ibrahim, at a hotel along Bauchi Road, Jos North Local Government Area in Plateau State.
Ibrahim, a.k.a. Alhaji Anwalu, was arrested alongside Ado Saleh and Bayero Adamu, some of the men suspected to be members of his kidnap-for-ransom syndicate.
On Saturday, Democratic Sens. Chuck Schumer and Bernie Sanders called for nationwide protests to stop Republicans from repealing the Affordable Care Act.
The trigger event was Friday's confirmation of Dr. Tom Price as President Trump's secretary of health and human services. Price is tasked fulfilling Trump's promise to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
Already, protests against repeal are disrupting town halls and making headlines. But the nation won't be fooled by demonstrators carrying signs. The silent majority — mostly working people — have been clobbered by the health law. They won't be taking to the streets. They made their views known on Election Day.
Schumer and Sanders talk nonstop about the 20 million covered by the health-care reform law (who will likely be covered by a GOP replacement as well). Democrats ignore the 156 million people with on-the-job coverage who are paying higher deductibles and taking home less pay because of ObamaCare. That's half the nation.
Not to mention the millions who had their employer-provided coverage canceled, had their hours cut or lost their job altogether.
What should Price and GOP lawmakers focus on? The public wants lower out-of-pocket costs, according to the latest Kaiser Health poll. ObamaCare has pushed up deductibles for people who get coverage through their employer by at least 50 percent.
The law forces all but the smallest employers to provide a benefit package far costlier than most pre-ACA coverage. It also hits employers with new taxes, and these employers are passing these costs onto workers, raising their out-of-pocket costs.
In New York, 49 percent of manufacturers are increasing their workers' deductibles because of ObamaCare, reports the New York Federal Reserve.
GOP lawmakers aiming to “replace” ObamaCare must not repeat the mistake of imposing a Washington-designed benefit package on employers. More flexibility for employers means more workers covered at a lower cost. Mandates end up taking money out of workers' pockets.
Worries about the “Cadillac” tax are also pushing up out-of-pocket costs. The GOP must repeal this tax.
Across the country, union workers are getting a raw deal in their new contracts because a 40 percent tax on generous health-care plans is supposed to take effect in 2020. Contracts being negotiated now are imposing higher copays and deductibles to make health plans less generous and dodge the tax.
President Barack Obama wanted to penalize “fancy plans that end up driving costs.” But not just fancy people have these plans. The GOP should avoid this approach like the kiss of death.
Republicans need to emphasize that repeal is a jobs program. ObamaCare has made looking for a job harder. In New York, service and manufacturing companies are cutting back on hires because of the ACA, according to the New York Fed.
Without repeal, ObamaCare will cost the nation 2 million full-time jobs by 2025, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Before Congress passed ObamaCare, the CBO warned it would reduce the workforce. Democrats ignored the warning.
As many as 1 million low-wage workers in low-margin industries — retail, hotel and food services — have had their hours cut because their employers needed to skirt the ObamaCare mandate. Repeal will allow these industries to get back in the hiring business.
The evidence is overwhelming: Good riddance to the employer mandate. Only Washington could design a mandate that results in a projected 8 million fewer people having on-the-job coverage by 2018.
If done right, repeal will help forge a new Republican coalition with labor. The Democratic Party has stopped listening to workers' concerns.
There's one caveat for GOP lawmakers. House Republicans want to cap the tax exemption on employer-provided health plans. That means workers with generous plans will get hit with a new tax — a lighter version of the Cadillac tax. It's not on President Trump's agenda. He promised tax cuts, not hikes.
Worse, the cap would betray union workers who just gave Trump his remarkable victory.
Betsy McCaughey is a senior fellow at the London Center for Policy Research.
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief, Vision, Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
Wind Turbine Gear Oil Market: Overview
Wind turbines have been used in one form or another since the last 7,000 years. The primary function of the gear oil for rolling bearings in a wind turbine is to prevent or reduce contact between rolling and sliding surfaces. As a result, friction and wear are kept to a low level. Gear oil has the following functions: corrosion protection, heat dissipation from the bearing, flushing out of wear particles and contaminants (recirculating oil lubrication with filtration of the oil), and support for the sealing effect of bearing seals (grease collar and pneumatic oil lubrication). Surfaces moving relative to each other are separated completely or almost completely by a lubricant film. This film is called gear oil.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/wind-turbine-gear-oil-market.html
Hydrodynamic lubrication gear oil is preferred for wind turbines with power rating of 0.75 MW to 2.5 MW. This lubricant is conveyed into the narrowing lubrication gap by the motion of the contact surfaces relative to each other. Due to the extremely high pressure in the immediate contact zone, the lubricant here has extremely high viscosity for a short period and facilitates separation of the contact surfaces.
Development of advanced wind turbines in the 4 MW to 5 MW capacity range is under testing phase. The gear box and drive systems of these prototypes demand use of Elastohydrodynamic (EHD) lubrication.
Wind Turbine Gear Oil: Market Dynamics and Trends
Most manufacturers of wind turbine gearbox have compiled or are in the process of compiling new lubrication specifications. These specifications are more stringent than those for industrial gear applications, and more accurately reflect true operating conditions, including low-temperature conditions. Performance expectations for lubricants used in offshore wind turbines are higher due to the demand for extended life.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21575
New trends include FAG FE 8 bearing test (Fatigue test) which is required by all gear box manufacturers, move toward synthetic formulations (PAO/ester based – Poly Alfa Olefin and PAG-based – Polyalkylene Glycol), new oil compatibility specifications for paints-lacquers-sealants and bearing materials, and new extended lifecycle seal tests for static and dynamic seals.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
The Niger House of Assembly on Monday pledged to enact laws that would ensure an environment conducive to woo investors to the state.
The Speaker of the Assembly, Alhaji Ahmed Marafa, made the pledge in Minna during the 2017 Niger State Investment Summit which had as its theme: “Impact Investing for Advancing Agricultural Economy and Innovation.”
Marafa said there were enormous investment opportunities in Niger, adding that it was time to transform “our resources and knowledge to positive action”.
“The investment opportunities in our state are enormous as we account for 10 per cent of Nigeria's land mass.
“We are committed to passing legislation that would allow investors harness our huge potentials for maximum growth and development of the state.
“This summit could not have come at a better time as the state government strives to uplift the living standard of its populace,” he added.
He said the assembly would play its part in driving the investment promotion strategy of the state, noting that it was close to passing a bill to set up an investment agency in the state.
Also, the Commissioner of Investment, Commerce and Industry, Mrs Ramatu Yar'adua, said Niger had the potentials to become a top investment destination in the country.
She said this year's summit focused on agricultural business, given that the sector was key to moving the country out of recession.
Newsmen report that the aim of the summit, which attracted economic experts, manufacturers, industrialists as well as some state governors and ministers, is to position the state as an investment hub.
NAN
Local jazzy group 'Tight Like That' is on a roll. While Tight Like That group founders, musicians Lynnea Godfriaux and Brad Pregeant, have been focused on teaching music in East Grand Schools, they suddenly found themselves receiving offers for original music compositions from beyond the mountainous horizon. Fortunately, they explain, they can accept these offers while remaining here in their beloved home of Grand County.
First came an inquiry from Louisiana screenwriter and actor Hoyt Chavers to include song compositions from their album 'In Black and White' in a Chavers film project. He was drawn to their album for its New Orleans-themed songs and its original sultry, jazzy sound, which are also themes for his movie script. He has contacted them twice about the project and they are sending him more music info for the project. Whatever this produces, they say the offer is exciting.
Then came an offer from Colorado University-Denver band director, Eric Staffeldt, to arrange Lynnea's song 'New Orleans Revival (Ain't Nothin' Broke That We Can't Fix)' from their album 'Keep On Singin' for the horns in the university band. He says he likes the positive message and plans to fly in a famous trumpeter from San Francisco, Bob Schulz, to be included in the performance and recording, along with Brad and Lynnea and the university band.
On top of that came an offer from Chicago jazz vocalist Mike Ferro to buy an arrangement of the title song from 'Keep On Singin' for a jazz gospel group he leads. He wants all the details for the song in a carefully notated arrangement, including all of the improvised vocals and scat parts. "Anything for the craft!" Lynnea laughs, adding, "Who needs sleep?"
Tight Like That's founding couple met in New Orleans when a mutual friend put them together in a band there. Brad and Lynnea played festivals, cruise ships, New Orleans Famous Door, Tipitina's, New York's Café Brazil and more, until health issues for Lynnea suddenly arose, turning their lives upside down and causing a completely new life map to be drawn. They found their way to Grand Lake in 1998 on a neurologist's recommendation for a cooler climate, and the cool air and elevation so far have been the health revival they sought.
Now they feel fortunate to teach music in the East Grand schools – a job they say is harmonious in large part due to the outstanding faculty, administration and staff. "And there is never a dull moment," they add. "The students have loads of energy, creativity, definitely can be a handful, and it's totally worth it! To see the students grow and expand their potential is very rewarding."
Recommended Stories For You
The music department in East Grand Schools has also been met with good fortune, thanks especially to local donors. After the two reached out to individuals and organizations locally (and around the nation) for contributions, the music department has been augmented by the generosity of local contributors to the program.
The Waldron family recently sold their Timber House Lodge and generously donated their grand piano to the schools. The music department has also received their thirty-third musical instrument donation. Local civic organizations have awarded the music programs with grants. The two also have donated some of their own instruments and locals have been coming forward to donate as well. And the program continues to grow.
Brad and Lynnea extended big thanks to East Grand Education Foundation, Granby Rotary, Grand Lake Rotary, Fraser River Valley Lions Club, Mountain Parks Electric, Mountain Family Center, Blue Star Connection, and Independent Sports Club, as well as many individual donors.
The individual donors Brad and Lynnea extend thanks to include: TLT drummer Patrick Brower, Ken & Marti Lund, Sally DiSciullo, Brenda and the late Rich Graff, Chris Thorne, the late Steve Cormey, the late John Catt, Rachael Long, Joe Royakkers, Ron Blackwelder, John Gilkey, Frank Mannino Foundation, Isaac Leystra, Tana Godfriaux, Dan Shapera, Rev. Sammie Maxwell, Allyson Morrow, Candy O'Connor, Kathy Craig, and Kelly Yunker.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Business urges guarantee for EU employees
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
US retail sales rose more than forecast last month in a broad-based advance that indicates the consumer is well-positioned to propel the economy in early 2017.
The 0.4 per cent advance in January followed a 1 per cent gain in the prior month that was larger than previously reported, a commerce department report showed on Wednesday. Excluding a decline at car dealers, sales increased the most in four months.
Steady hiring, a modest improvement in wage growth and discounting are keeping consumers spending, providing a solid start to the first quarter. Household purchases, which account for about 70 percent of the economy, are projected to drive growth while rising business optimism also suggests a pickup in investment.
Fundamentals
“We will see decent retail sales in coming months,” Ryan Sweet, a senior economist at Moody's Analytics , said before the report. “The job market is tight. The fundamentals continue to be very supportive. The story for 2017 will again be one of the consumer driving the economy.”
Estimates for sales ranged from a 0.2 per cent decline to a 0.5 per cent advance. The December reading was previously reported as a 0.6 per cent rise.
Ten of 13 major categories showed a pickup in the value of sales last month, led by merchants of electronics and appliances, sporting goods and clothing, according to the report.
Retail sales excluding automobiles and gasoline service stations increased 0.7 per cent, exceeding projections and the biggest gain since April.
Automobile dealers' sales fell 1.4 per cent after a 3.2 per cent surge the previous month.
Industry data earlier this month showed the pace of car sales cooled in January. Purchases of cars and light trucks grew at a 17.5 million annualised rate, the weakest since August, according to Ward's Automotive Group. A month earlier, vehicle purchases grew at the fastest pace since mid-2005.
ADVERTISEMENT
Receipts
Receipts at gasoline stations rose 2.3 per cent. The commerce department's retail sales data aren't adjusted for prices, so higher fuel costs boosted filling-station results.
The commerce department's retail figures that are used to calculate gross domestic product and which exclude categories such as food services, auto dealers, home-improvement stores and service stations, stayed strong. The so-called retail control group's sales rose 0.4 per cent for a second month.
Purchases of electronics and appliances advanced 1.6 percent in January, the most since June, 2015.
Purchases of sporting goods climbed 1.8 per cent, the biggest advance since July 2015. Clothing retailers had a 1 per cent increase in receipts, the most since February of last year.
- Bloomberg
The owner of a Santa-Barbara-based environmental consulting firm pleaded guilty to overbilling the State Water Resources Control Board, and will have to repay $1.6 million to the Underground Storage Tank Cleanup Fund.
Kurt Hayden, 54, took a plea agreement to felony charges, and was sentenced to pay back the funds he overbilled, according to the agreement.
He also will serve 180 days in Santa Barbara County Jail, serve three years of probation, and surrender his professional licenses, so he will not continue doing environmental remediation work.
Charges against his wife, Julie Hayden, were dismissed as part of the plea agreement.
The water board's cleanup fund comes from a 2-cent-per-gallon gasoline tax that reimburses for cleanups at underground petroleum storage tank facilities.
The Haydens, owners of Hayden Environmental, Inc., were accused of overbilling the state for time, vehicles and equipment when they applied for reimbursements.
They were both charged with conspiracy to commit a crime and felony grand theft by the Office of the Attorney General after a 2008 audit of three sites they billed.
The state had also filed a civil complaint against the pair for damages, but it was dismissed as part of the plea agreement.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
According to the study “Asia Below-Grade Waterproofing Industry Situation and Prospects Research report”, below-grade waterproofing market in Asia consists of a large number of vendors and is highly-fragmented. All the leading vendors are increasingly focusing on creating strong brand names, offering well-established products, and exhibit long-term reliability. The vendors are increasingly competing against each other based on factors such as price, features, and product quality. The leading vendors are BASF SE, Carlisle Companies, GCP Applied Technologies, MAPEI S.p.A, Mineral Technologies, RPM International and Sika AG.
Below-grade waterproofing materials are subject to stringent water conditions that are typically more severe than any other waterproofing materials. Construction structure elements of below-grade are exposed to hydrostatic pressure from ground water tables that rise significantly during heavy rainfall. These structures are protected from the significant damage using below-grade waterproofing products. Asia's increasing growth in construction sector coupled with developing economies, increasing global investments, high focus on the protection of buildings and infrastructures from corrosion and other weather conditions, and increasing demand for energy efficient building are the major growth drivers of the below-grade waterproofing market.
Asia is witnessing a growing market for vegetative roofing that will drive the growth prospects for below-grade waterproofing market in the region. Vegetative roofs are also known as green roofs with various components such as structural roof, root barrier, a waterproofing membrane, drainage system, a lightweight growing medium, filter layer and plants. The installation of green roofs with the incorporation of below-grade waterproofing membranes and other components offer benefits such as retention and filtering of rainwater, manage storm water, increasing the life of the roof by 2-3 times, lowering heating and cooling costs, preserving habitat in an urban environment, and improving the aesthetic views of buildings. The major trend in the below-grade waterproofing market is the increasing use of crystalline waterproofing membranes with advanced technology. Crystalline below-grade waterproofing membranes reduced cracking, help in self-sealing, and provides a robust defense against the corrosion of reinforcing steel that drives the below-grade waterproofing market in Asia.
Below-grade waterproofing market in Asia is categorized based on types such as polymers, bitumen, bentonite and rubberized asphalt. Polymer below-grade waterproofing segment is expected to witness a constant growth over the next few years. High synthetic polymer is produced to support the rising population and urbanization. High-performance below-grade waterproofing system is introduced so as to shift from bitumen to synthetic polymers which will witness a drastic growth over the next few years. The varying below-grade waterproofing products are used in commercial building, residential building and public infrastructures. Increasing construction activities of high rise buildings coupled with increasing preference of foundations and basements are the major growth drivers of the commercial building segment in Asia. Based on the membrane type, Asia's below-grade waterproofing market is segmented into sheet-based and liquid-coated. Sheet-based membrane will witness a robust growth due to the increasing usage of breathable waterproofing membranes and environmentally safe products will remain a major concern in the future. Below-grade waterproofing market is segmented based on position type such as positive side, negative side and blind side. The positive side will remain a dominant segment due to its zero property line application.
The continuing growth in construction and infrastructure sector in Asian economies such as China and India, are encouraging the growth for below-grade waterproofing systems. Below-grade waterproofing is used in prevention of seepage, leakage caused by water and moisture. Rise in industrialization and urbanization has encouraged the growth of below-grade waterproofing industry, which is likely to remain strong due to new constructions and refurbishment of existing buildings. The increasing costs of raw materials and surge in labour wages is expected to drive the for below-grade waterproofing market in the next few years.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/asia-below-grade-waterproofing-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/145696-101.html
Related Reports:
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/north-america-below-grade-waterproofing-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/146374-101.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/china-below-grade-waterproofing-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/146206-101.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
I believe that each therapist brings to the table his or her own style and insights that make them unique. Some therapists I have worked with are tough and don't like to hear “no” for an answer. Some therapists use a very structured approach with workbooks and daily homework assignments. Others are empathic and go at a pace at which the client wants to work. I find that I utilize all of the above with my own perspective and creativity.
It's important from the start to really get to know your clients' strengths and struggles and what they are willing to tolerate in therapy. Is your client committed to working on reducing the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder, or is he or she being pushed into therapy by a parent, for instance? Motivation is a huge factor in treatment outcomes.
If clients truly understand that the lives they are living are not their own but OCD's, then we have a nice inroad into getting the clients motivated to take back their lives. Some clients don't believe that OCD is really such a problem in their lives, but possibly their parents do. What this could tell me is that there may be resistance, and possibly the client will try but not fully commit to getting better.
Each client is an individual with his or her own reasons for coming to therapy. It is my job to build trust and hopefully open communication early in the therapy process. I share some stories about my journey with OCD early on and gauge how they react and take in this information. I ask many open-ended questions about what they want to get out of therapy. I want to know what OCD has taken from their life. I even want to know if there is anything about OCD that they might like as a reason for them to hold onto the symptoms.
Believe it or not, some clients find a certain amount of comfort in their compulsions. Others can't stand living with OCD anymore and will do whatever it takes to overcome the disorder. I want to know how willing they are to engage in Exposure and Response Prevention and their willingness to stay with uncomfortable thoughts and feelings. Are they in treatment for themselves, or are they just trying to placate their loved ones?
I believe that the most important aspect of the therapy relationship is an ability to explain OCD in a way that makes sense to the client. I like to explain the fact that OCD is a brain disorder that is treatable, but that the more we engage OCD, the more powerful it becomes. On the flip side, the more we are willing to accept obsessions as misinterpretations that increase our anxiety, the more likely you will be to resist a compulsion. In other words, knowledge of how the OCD brain works can help clients step up to the challenge because they now know what they are up against. As they say, knowledge is power. The less we give into what OCD wants us to do, the less power it has over us.
I give examples of my OCD-specific symptoms from decades of living with OCD and how I overcame the need to ritualize even though it felt truly agonizing at times. I remind my clients that with everything that OCD throws at you, it can in no way hurt you. It can only make you feel uncertainty, distress and anxiety. Whatever thoughts you may be having are coming from a misfired message that leaves us feeling exposed or in a state of high alert.
OCD plays a pretty smart game. It finds its way into our minds when we are feeling vulnerable. Our fight or flight response to thoughts makes us feel that something needs to be done or it will only get worse. Part of the battle knows that this thought can be challenged, and that means accepting that an adrenaline rush is no more dangerous than a stubbed toe.
If a client comes in for the first time and tells me that they can't touch doorknobs because of contamination fears, I will have them holding a doorknob by the end of the session so that they will leave having done something they have been afraid to do for months or even years.
When I work with clients who have perfectionist tendencies such as symmetry and order difficulties, I will rearrange my office by tilting artwork, pushing the tissue box halfway over the edge of the table and making other areas of the office look imperfect. They will enter the office, and there will often be an increase in their anxiety. We will sit down and discuss what this feels like and what the OCD wants the client to do.
The client will often say that they don't like things out of order because it feels strange. I remind them that the OCD is telling them that this feels strange, but that they have a choice. I give them a choice to move things back into place with the caveat that if they do, they are giving validity to OCD's demands. When they stay with the discomfort of sitting in this imperfect room without engaging the OCD, I want to know their subjective units of distress score (SUDS) from 1 to 10. Often at the beginning they will share that the anxiety might be at an 8 or 9, for instance. As we discuss the cycle of OCD and how it seeks to keep you anxious from feelings of uncertainty and doubt, we revisit that SUDS score throughout the session. By the end, it is rare for their anxiety to have gone up, and often they will see the numbers come down.
At this point I get to discuss habituation (the process of feeling your anxiety come down on its own without needing to engage in rituals). When they experience this for the first time, they are often puzzled and surprised that they went through a whole one-hour session without ritualizing. This doesn't mean they will go home and seize to ritualize. It means that a seed has been planted to show the client that OCD is effective only if you continue to play its game.
— Jonathan Lukas MFT is a psychotherapist specializing in cognitive behavioral therapy. He is in private practice and runs The OCD Treatment Center of Santa Barbara, working with adolescents and adults with anxiety disorders. Click here for more information or call 805.453.2347.
South African minister of mineral resources Mosebenzi Zwani has announced government's new position on mine ownership in the country, saying that 30% of all mines need to be black-owned.
The minister made the announcement at a policy meeting on Thursday.
According to Bloomberg, Zwane said that the new policy was that prospecting rights must also have 50% black control and the Mining Charter will channel a minimum of 1% of mine turnover to local communities.
Late on Wednesday, the South African Chamber of Mines declined an invitation to attend a last-minute meeting that was to be held before the announcement.
The body said that it viewed the review of the mining rules as a flawed process, and would not be co-opted into participating in and providing support to the department of mineral resources' agenda.
The chamber believes that government had failed to engage properly with stakeholders about the contents of the charter.
A draft version of the charter which was released in April 2016 said all local assets must be 26% owned, irrespective of deals done to increase ownership in the past.
Read: Mining minster Zwane joins Zuma and van Rooyen bid to block state capture report
Edo State Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has called for synergy and partnerships among relevant stakeholders to check the consumption and reduce the health and other associated risks, especially cardiovascular diseases.
The governor said this in commemoration of the World No Tobacco Day marked by the World Health Organisation (WHO) and other organs to raise awareness and check the consumption of tobacco.
The governor proposed that collaborations should be built among health workers, civil society organisations and relevant Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs) to raise awareness and sensitise the people on the dangers of tobacco consumption.
“Much as tobacco companies are in legitimate business and have adopted health messaging to call attention to the associated risks of use of their products. As a government, we want to ensure that the people are better served with information on the cardiovascular dangers associated with its usage. Efforts should be made to sensitise people on the dangers of second-hand smoking, which also exposes people to similar dangers faced by active smokers.”
He said the state government is pursing health policies such as the state-wide health insurance scheme, increasing the number of primary healthcare centers and improving the investment climate to attract investors, including private healthcare firms.
He said that this year's theme for the day, ‘Tobacco and Heart Disease,' provides a platform to interrogate the implications of tobacco use and cardiovascular conditions, noting that stakeholders are being mobilised to spread the word on the dangers of tobacco consumption and the imperative to reduce its use.
According to the World Health Organisation, “World No Tobacco Day 2018 will focus on the impact tobacco has on the cardiovascular health of people worldwide. Tobacco use is an important risk factor for the development of coronary heart disease, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease.
Despite the known harms of tobacco to heart health and the availability of solutions to reduce related death and disease, knowledge among large sections of the public that tobacco is one of the leading causes of cardiovascular disease is low.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion rate Sam Field so highly they will only loan the talented young midfielder to a Championship club.
The 19-year-old, described by Tony Pulis as "gifted as any footballer I've seen at that age", made his tenth first team appearance in Saturday's 1-0 win over Bournemouth.
Pulis is eager for Field and the club's other top youngsters to go out on loan, but is holding off until more players are added to the senior squad.
Albion favourite Darren Moore is heavily involved in the club's loan policy in his role as professional development phase coach.
And Moore, who made over 100 appearances as an Albion player, says a very specific pathway is being laid out to help Field to continue his development.
"If he goes out on loan we want him to go to a Championship club," he said.
"He played on Saturday which showed the faith the gaffer has in him.
"He's got interest from several Championship clubs which is great for Sam.
"But at the same time he's been playing with the first team and we can't let him go if we don't have enough players."
Field, a product of Albion's Late Developers project, has had offers from Derby County, Norwich City, Barnsley and Sheffield Wednesday.
There are plans for Rekeem Harper, who replaced Field as a substitute on Saturday, Jonathan Leko, Kane Wilson and Tyler Roberts to all leave the club on a short-term basis.
Of that quartet, Roberts is the only one to have been out on loan, having enjoyed spells with Oxford United and Shrewsbury Town in League One last term.
"League One and the Championship is the level we are looking at for them," Moore added.
"It just shows the great work the academy has been doing to produce players attracting so much interest.
"There are many players that have come through the West Brom youth system playing in the Football League.
"The likes of Kemar Roofe, Chris Wood and Sam Mantom.
"And at Premier League level there's obviously Saido Berahino and Izzy Brown, who has got his chance at Brighton.
"On Saturday we had two scholars involved in the game and another two on the bench.
"From an academy point of view we're very pleased to be helping the club by producing players good enough for first team football and that's what we'll continue to strive for."
Montecito mainstay to explore the community from 'the inside out' with a focus on shopping, eating, exercise and philanthropy
Judy Foreman has told the stories of some amazing individuals and groups over the years, an opportunity the longtime Montecito resident has cherished so much that she's decided to return to writing.
This time the seasoned local lifestyles columnist will regale Noozhawk readers with a weekly column, 93108 Style, which kicks off Monday.
Known for producing prose in her own personable, conversational manner, Foreman has more than 15 years of experience writing about all aspects of the Santa Barbara and Montecito lifestyles for the Montecito Journal, Santa Barbara Magazine and the Santa Barbara News-Press.
Foreman most recently enjoyed a short stint as an editor, partner and lifestyle/features columnist at the short-lived Montecito Messenger, which ceased publishing last year.
“I always say that I work from the inside out,” Foreman said recently, noting her knowledge of local, engaging communities. “I made so many wonderful friends. It was wonderful listening to people's stories.”
She said her Noozhawk column will focus on “the business of lifestyle” and activities at the core of a community: shopping, eating, exercising and giving — as in philanthropy. She also plans to write about other local happenings, including new businesses and nonprofit and charity events.
Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen says Foreman's lifestyle coverage will add another dimension to the fast-growing news site.
“Judy's one of those people who always seems to be ahead of the news,” he said. “We think our readers will be interested in what she knows and what she's hearing, and that they'll often discover new things about their community in her columns.”
Foreman has been involved with a number of nonprofit organizations since moving to the Central Coast from Chicago in 1988, including work with the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation, Montecito Union Educational Foundation, the Women's Division of the Jewish Federation of Greater Santa Barbara and others.
Her three grown children — Julia Meyer, 31; Robby, 27; and Lizzy, 21 — all grew up in Montecito and attended local schools.
After developing her own trusted brand throughout the years, Foreman said she's eager to observe, interact and reconnect with readers and anyone else who'd like to share their story.
“I've had a wonderful life here,” she said. “I want to keep going to events. I want to keep working. I want to stay involved.”
Click here for Judy Foreman's column. She can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. He believes that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," he says. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about his sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped his challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed his radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so she feels somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like her would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Solar Pump Inverter Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report ABB, Hitachi, Voltronic Power, Schneider Electric, GRUNDFOS, B&B Power, Sollatek, Solar Tech, Gozuk, MNE, Volta can, Hober.
The report begins with introducing the global Solar Pump Inverter market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Solar Pump Inverter report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-solar-pump-inverter-market/5932/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Solar Pump Inverter Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single Purpose, Multipurpose.
Solar Pump Inverter Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Commercial Use, Home Use.
Key points in the Solar Pump Inverter Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-solar-pump-inverter-market/5932/#inquiry
From all of this Solar Pump Inverter market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Solar Pump Inverter market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Solar Pump Inverter distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Philips on Tuesday became the first monitor manufacturer to announce a display carrying VESA's DisplayHDR 1000 certification.
The Philips Momentum 43-inch 4K HDR Quantum Dot Monitor (436M6VBPAB) features a diagonal screen size of 42.51 inches and a 4K UHD resolution of 3,840 x 2,160 pixels @ 60Hz (16:9 aspect ratio, 103.64 PPI). It boasts a 4ms gray-to-gray response time, a contrast ratio of 4,000:1 and 178-degree viewing angles.
DisplayHDR from VESA is the industry's first fully open standard specifying HDR quality and stretches across three performance tiers – DisplayHDR 400, DisplayHDR 600 and DisplayHDR 1000 – that correlate to luminance. Philips' latest offers a peak brightness of 1,000 cd/m² (the typical brightness is rated at 720 nits) and is said to offer a wider range of more accurate colors – especially dark reds and greens – that remain crisp and clear even in bright environments.
The Philips Momentum 43-inch also utilizes Ambiglow, a background lighting technology that you've probably seen offered on televisions in recent years. According to Philips, it uses a “fast internal processor” to analyze incoming image content and adjusts the color and brightness of the background glow accordingly.
Connectivity-wise, you're looking at one HDMI 2.0 port, a DisplayPort 1.2 port and a mini DisplaPort 1.2 port as well as a USB Type-C connection and two USB 3.0 ports.
The Philips Momentum 43-inch 4K HDR Quantum Dot Monitor is scheduled to arrive sometime this summer priced at $999.99.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said Sunday that women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard, even if it involves President Donald Trump.
“I know that he was elected, but women should always feel comfortable coming forward. And we should all be willing to listen to them,” Nikki Haley said on CBS' “Face the Nation.”
Trump, a Republican, won the White House last year despite the election season release of a 2005 “Access Hollywood” tape in which he described grabbing women's private parts, followed by accusations by several women of aggressive sexual misconduct. Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has since reiterated the White House's position that the women who accused Trump of sexual harassment are lying.
On Sunday, Haley, who was the first female governor of South Carolina, praised the courage of women who have raised complaints of harassment in various industries, including government and Hollywood, saying they will “bring a conscience to the situation.”
“Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with, and I think we heard them prior to the election,” said Haley, a Republican. “I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
Asked whether Trump's election settled the issue, Haley said it was “for the people to decide.”
The wave of allegations has brought down powerful figures, including the resignations last week of Rep. John Conyers Jr., D-Mich., Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., and Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
London – The University of Liverpool announced Wednesday it had received approval from the Department of Education to establish a specialist maths school to provide world-leading maths education for young people with a passion for mathematics.
Government ministers hailed the announcement that the new mathematics school would be the first of its kind in northern England and only the third in the country following the opening of similar schools at King's College London and the University of Exeter.
The new school, aimed at pre-university age students, will also look to address the gender imbalance that exists in the study of further mathematics.
Minister for the School System, Lord Theodore Agnew, said: “We want more leading universities to open maths schools and offer broader outreach in their region.
“This will give even more young people the opportunity to excel in maths, providing them with the knowledge and skills for future success.”
Agnew said the University of Liverpool, which is creating the new school, will be known as the University of Liverpool Mathematics College (ULMC) and will open in 2020.
The announcement came on the day the British Parliament hosted an event at Westminster for northern universities.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury Liz Truss said: “We are hosting northern universities in parliament because we know fewer students in the north of England study maths compared with the south, and we want to change this.”
“Maths powers our economy. Studying it to A level and beyond could add around 10 percent to the future earnings of students, putting more money in their pocket and giving them more job opportunities.”
In addition to giving gifted mathematicians the chance to boost their skills and learn from some of the best minds in the country, the school will also provide professional development programs for maths teachers throughout the region.
Prof. Janet Beer, vice-chancellor of the University of Liverpool, said: “In today's global economy it is essential that the UK develops the potential of our most able maths students and this initiative will help respond to that challenge.”
A spokesperson at the University of Liverpool said: “Maths is one of the most in-demand skills in the labor market and the Royal Society has outlined maths as the key skill required by employers by 2030.
“It is also already the most popular subject at A level, with almost over 84,000 pupils choosing to study it. This is an increase of 20 percent since 2010.” (Xinhua/NAN)
Sodium Amide Market: Growing Demand From The Textiles And Pharmaceuticals Industries Is Projected To Drive The Market Growth
Sodium Amide Market Segmentation:
The global sodium amide market is segmented on the basis of applications, end use industry, and region. On the basis of the applications, the market is divided into catalyst, dyes, deprotonating agent, dehydrating agent, and others. The sodium amide is used as a catalyst in synthesis of sodium cyanide and hydrazine. They are further used in the gold extraction and rocket fuel respectively. The synthetically produced indigo dye from sodium amide is the purest form of indigotin with fewer impurities than the natural indigo, which is driving the market growth to some extent.
Based on the end-use industry, the sodium amide market is segmented into the textile industry, pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals, and others. The textile industry is dominating the market due to rapidly growing demand, limited product range, and subject to rapid obsolescence. Apart from the textiles industry, sodium amide is used as an initiator in most of the pharmaceuticals production. It is one of the prominent ingredients in pesticides and insecticides. The change in agricultural land use pattern demands fertilizer usage for increased productivity and better crop yield, which gives rise to the sodium amide market.
Sodium Amide Competitive Analysis
BASF SE (Germany), Chemos GmbH (Germany), Synbtharo Fine Chemicals GmbH (Germany), Hangzhou Dayangchem (China), Kinbester (China), KHBoddin GmbH (Germany), Natrizen Chemical Pvt Ltd (India), Nansense Labs Ltd (India), Jinxiang Chemical Factory (China) and Hongze Xinxing Chem Co. Ltd (China) among others.
Get a Sample Copy of this Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5590
Sodium Amide Regional Analysis
The global sodium amide market is studied for five major regions: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Within the Asia Pacific, China and India account for a notable share of sodium amide consumption due to rapidly growing dyes and textile industries. Followed by the Asia Pacific, North America and Europe have significant consumption of sodium amide in the coloring of jeans and denim. The growing population plays a key factor in the rising demands for textiles, resulting in the growth of the sodium amide market.
Full report on Sodium Amide Market report spread across 137 pages, profiling 20 companies and supported with tables and figures available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/sodium-amide-market-5590
Market Overview:
Sodium amide is an aggressively reactive inorganic compound. It is used primarily in the dye preparation, organic synthesis and in deprotonating of alkynes, weak acids, esters, and ketones. It is also used as a catalyst in synthesis of hydrazine and sodium cyanide. Hydrazine is used as a part of rocket fuel in space exploration, gun propellants and as a precursor to most of the pharmaceuticals, pesticides, and insecticides. Sodium amide is majorly used for the production of indigo dye, which is used in textile coloring. The global textile and apparel market size is likely to reach USD 2.6 trillion by 2025. However, the handling difficulty, extreme reactivity, and environmental hazards are likely to restrain the market growth over the review period.
Intended Audience
Sodium amide market manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of Sodium amide market
Production Process Industries
Potential Investors
Raw Material Suppliers
Nationalized Laboratory
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
A second Liverpool hospital is co-operating with a police inquiry into the deaths of 17 babies at the Countess of Chester Hospital's neonatal unit.
Lucy Letby (28) continues to be questioned in custody on suspicion of the murder of eight babies and the attempted murder of six other infants.
Officers arrived at the nurse's home in Chester on Tuesday and several hours later police announced a female healthcare professional had been arrested as part of the “highly complex and very sensitive investigation”.
Police are said to have arrived at Ms Letby's home at around 6am, while officers were also seen at her parents' property in Hereford later on Tuesday.
It is understood that Ms Letby worked at the Countess of Chester after she graduated as a children's nurse from the University of Chester in 2011 and went on to complete a work placement at Liverpool Women's Hospital as part of extra training.
On Wednesday, Liverpool Women's NHS Foundation Trust said in a statement: “A healthcare worker currently involved in a police investigation undertook placements at Liverpool Women's during their training.
“We are co-operating with police as part of their investigation which includes a routine review of patients cared for on our neonatal unit during the time of these placements.
“There is currently no suggestion that any patients at Liverpool Women's came to any harm in relation to this investigation.”
A blue tent erected by police remained outside the front of Ms Letby's property in Blacon, with a uniformed officer stationed nearby.
Detectives launched an investigation into infant deaths at the hospital in May last year, initially looking at the deaths of 15 babies between June 2015 and June 2016.
On Tuesday police said the investigation had widened to include 17 deaths and 15 non-fatal collapses of babies between March 2015 and July 2016.
Sensitive investigation
Det Insp Paul Hughes said the arrest was a “significant step forward” in what was a “highly complex and very sensitive investigation”.
He added that the investigation was “very much active and ongoing” and that parents of all the babies were being updated on the inquiry and supported by trained officers.
Police did not confirm the identity of the arrested health worker.
The Countess of Chester Hospital carried out a number of independent expert medical reviews into the deaths before calling in police.
Medical director Ian Harvey said officials were continuing to support officers with their investigation.
He said: “Asking the police to look into this was not something we did lightly, but we need to do everything we can to understand what has happened here and get the answers we and the families so desperately want.”
Mr Harvey added that the hospital is “confident the unit is safe to continue in its current form”.
A report published in July 2016 by the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (RCPCH) found significant gaps in medical and nursing rotas and insufficient staffing for the provision of longer-term, high-dependency and some intensive care.
The report said paediatric consultants had been concerned since June 2015 about a higher than usual number of deaths on the ward, several of which were “unexplained” or “unexpected”.
In a 2013 newspaper interview with the Chester and District Standard, Ms Letby said she cared for babies requiring various levels of support.
She had worked at the unit as a student nurse during three years of training before qualifying as a children's nurse at the University of Chester in 2011.
She said she started working at the unit after graduating. – PA
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA-The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to perish the thought of staying in the Presidency beyond 2019, saying they have been rejected by Nigerians.
The PDP in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, on Monday, said the President already knows he has failed adding that such accounts for his inability to make up his mind yet on whether or not he would seek a second term in office.
The party said President Buhari's media adviser, Femi Adesina, only confirmed the obvious when he announced the apprehensions being entertained by the President over the 2019 race, adding that he, (President Buhari) must have appropriately assessed and rated his stewardship as a failure.
“It is instructive to note that the Presidency's comment is coming after the intimidating PDP mega rally in Dutse, Jigawa state, which sent a clear signal to President Buhari and the APC.
“If President Buhari had done well in office; if his government had not wrecked our economy; if his government had not damaged our national unity, resulting in the daily bloodletting in our country; if his administration had not betrayed the people and failed in delivering even the littlest of his campaign promises, President Buhari would not be afraid of any opponent ahead of elections as stated by his media aide.
“From Mr. Adesina's comment, it is clear that the President is fully aware that he has become grossly unpopular and cannot command any electoral value. Both the President and his party must therefore instruct themselves appropriately and completely bury the thought of staying in office beyond May 2019.
“We charge the APC and the President to note that its resort to sponsoring fifth columnists on smear campaigns against our repositioned and reinvigorated party has become of no effect as our members and supporters in all the states and the six geo-political zones across the nation are now, more than ever before, firmly united under the new leadership of the party to vanquish the APC in the 2019 general elections,” the statement read in part.
Slay The Spire is one of Steam's latest Early Access gems thanks to its polished combination of roguelike dungeon crawling and traditional card game mechanics. The game's quite challenging at first, but some players have already been discovering special combos that allow them to rip through the game with ease.
Twitch streamer RiskyCB is one of those people and he recently uploaded a highlights video of his exploits to YouTube that was spotted by Rock Paper Shotgun. In it he works at shrinking his deck down to only two cards which synergize to enable a deadly combo from the very first turn in any fight.
Usually during a playthrough of Slay The Spire the point is to slowly build up a strong collection of new cards gained after winning battles. RiskyCB
though focused heavily on dumping starting cards, something you can pay merchants for as well as accomplish with various abilities and items. Late into his playthrough this allowed him to employ a deck with literally only two cards: Flash of Steel and Duel Wield.
The first is zero-cost, deals six damage, and allows you to draw another card. The second makes copies of the other cards in your hand. From there RiskyCB is able to get into an infinite combo where he just cycles through Flash of Steel endlessly until whatever he's fighting is dead. The combo is broken, clearly, but requires so much effort and luck to arrive there (stripping your deck down to just two cards is incredibly difficult).
Since the game's still in Early Access it'll be up to the developers how they decide to balance strategies like this, but since it's a single-player RPG it's fun to see all of the unique ways players find to break the game and completely overpower its bosses. I've been playing a lot of Slay The Spire and can't recommend it enough.
[Source: YouTube via RPS]
SUNRISE, FLA. (WSVN) - Florida Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz hosted a gun safety rountable discussion in Sunrise, Monday morning.
Wasserman Schultz brought together Sybrina Fulton, the mother of Trayvon Martin, Marjory Stoneman Douglas High students, elected officials, community and faith leaders and gun safety advocates.
The discussion centered around how to keep assault-style weapons off South Florida streets.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
President Donald Trump said he'll hold a news conference in about a month on drug prices, and his health secretary said the administration will seek discounts from “middlemen” in the industry.
“We pay as a country so much more for drugs because of the drug lobbies and other reasons, and the complexity of distribution which is basically another term for saying, ‘how do we get more money,”' Trump said during a speech on the opioid epidemic in New Hampshire. “And if you compare our drug prices to other countries in the world, in some cases it's many times higher for the exact same pill or whatever it is in the exact same package made in the exact same plant.”
“We're going to change that,” he said. “Watch what's going to happen.”
He called Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar to the stage to briefly discuss the administration's plan. Azar didn't elaborate on which “middlemen” the government will target, but drugmakers have blamed pharmacy benefit managers, who handle medicine claims for insurers and employers, for increasing prices.
By Rick Noack | Washington Post
BERLIN – Katrin Behr was only 4 years old when her life was turned upside down forever.
“They came early in the morning and took away my mom,” Behr recalls of that fateful day in 1972 in East Germany, when she became the victim of a large-scale, secretive socialist scheme to separate children from parents considered politically defiant. Her mother's crime? She wanted to flee the repressive socialist country into U.S.-protected West Germany.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Like tens of thousands of others, Behr was later adopted by families considered more regime-compliant. It took almost three decades for her to be able to tell her story.
“In 1989, the Wall finally came down and truth saw the light of the day,” she wrote in her autobiography.
Even today, almost 30 years after the end of socialist reign in Germany, some daughters and sons still search for the mothers who were forced to leave them behind – a quest that can end in tearful reunions or lifelong uncertainty. In many cases, the early family separations have manifested themselves in trauma not only for the grown children, but also their parents.
While the socialist regime painstakingly tried to hide its practices for decades, ironically it's now the Soviet Union's former archrival, the United States, that is facing criticism for a scheme some say could have the same devastating effect on thousands of children.
President Donald Trump himself has criticized the practice, tweeting Saturday that it would be necessary to “put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there [sic] parents once they cross the Border into the U.S.” He did not say, however, that his own government is responsible for implementing the policy.
In the United States, family separations are rising mostly because of a “zero tolerance” policy that Attorney General Jeff Sessions implemented this year. “If you're smuggling a child, then we're going to prosecute you, and that child will be separated from you, probably, as required by law. If you don't want your child separated, then don't bring them across the border illegally. It's not our fault that somebody does that,” Sessions said in April.
The practice made renewed headlines in recent days after it was suggested that the Department of Health and Human Services had lost track of nearly 1,500 immigrant children placed with sponsors in the United States – even though that characterization turned out to be incorrect.
In a now-unified Germany, forced adoptions have become synonymous with the state terrorism and injustice that was rampant in the formerly socialist East, known as the GDR. Reached by phone Wednesday and told about the U.S. controversy, Behr, 50, drew a direct comparison between her experience and the fate of children now being separated from their parents in the United States.
“Of course when I hear of this, I immediately think of my own upbringing. Witnessing the arrest of my mom and being separated from her at that age caused a lifelong trauma for me,” said Behr, who lives in Berlin and is involved in research projects about childhood trauma caused by family separation during the GDR.
“Even when they're babies, children notice what's happening and it shapes their mindsets. Separating parents from their children is inhuman and in Germany, the long-term repercussions are only emerging now. They may still manifest themselves in 50 or 60 years because the trauma is passed on to subsequent generations, according to our research,” Behr said.
Children who were separated from their parents for political reasons are today 50 percent more likely to be affected by anxiety, a study by German psychologists published in 2012 indicates. One out of every two separated children they interviewed suffered from one or more psychological disorders.
“Victims who feel defenseless often start blaming themselves. Through self-recrimination, children who were forcibly separated from their parents later often find sort of an anchor and a way to deal with their past,” said Stefan Trobisch-Lütge, the director of Gegenwind, a nongovernmental organization that supports victims of the former socialist regime's crimes.
Similar schemes were in place elsewhere in Europe and across the world, including in Australia, Canada and Ireland. The United States also separated some Native American families and allowed white parents to adopt the children. Those practices were stopped almost half a century ago and the extent of the scheme back than was limited, making large-scale research on its longer-term effects difficult.
But the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 subsequently paved the way for particularly unsparing investigations of the practices of a socialist regime that was in large part overthrown by its own people. Some of those studies have been published, while others are still underway, said forced adoption victim Behr.
Related Articles Trump, critics trade angry immigration charges, falsehoods
Liberal activists' misleading tweets of border photos provoke Trump
Undocumented immigrant who saved toddler is French national hero
Did the U.S. lose track of 1,475 immigrant children last year?
Bay Area school, under fire over foreign students, gets warning When Behr finally met her mother again, she was 23. Almost two decades had passed since her forced adoption, but the joy of reunion was soon overshadowed.
“That day I realized how much we had involuntarily grown apart,” she said. That divide has persisted ever since.
SMi Group Reports: The official agenda for the 8th annual Social Media in the Defence and Military Sector conference, which is taking place on the 28th and 29th November 2018 in London, UK, has been released.
After 7 successful years, SMi is proud to announce the return of the Social Media in the Defence and Military Sector conference to London, UK on the 28thand 29th November 2018. This year's event will discuss digital military campaign effectiveness and awareness through social media, attracting a global audience of government officials, social media management software experts, academics and expert military officials.
The two-day event will explore how social media has transformed into an increasingly vital tool for the Armed Forces in the 21st Century. Social media is no longer exclusively reserved for reaching out to a wider and younger audience globally for recruitment and information purposes, it has now evolved into a new front in warfare.
What military servicemen post online can be crucial to winning the hearts and minds of local populations, weakening the enemy's narrative, and can be used as an instrument in the proliferation of cyber warfare. This year's two-day conference will focus on cyber defence, operational use of social media, individual nations' and organisations' social media campaigns, open-source intelligence gathering, and much more.
This year's expert speaker line-up includes:
• Brigadier General Hans Damen, Leader Taskforce Logistics, Dutch Ministry of Defence
• Colonel Joseph Tan, Director, Nexus, Ministry of Defence, Singapore
• Colonel Julio Garcia Lodeiro, Chief of Army Public Affairs Office, Office of the Chief of Staff of the Spanish Army
• Squadron Leader Tim Barlow, Head of Digital Communications, Royal Air Force
• Major Nina Raduha, Civil Military Interaction and Cooperation, Slovenian Armed Forces
• Dr. Abdullahi Tasiu Abubakar, Lecturer in Journalism, City University London
• Mr. Anthony O'Bryant, Deputy Army Digital Media Division, US Army
• Mr. Benjamin Heap, Senior Expert, NATO STRATCOM Centre of Excellence
• Mr. Nicolas Clark, UK Communications Manager, Saab AB
• Plus many more…
In addition to the two-day conference, attendees can also participate in two highly-focused, interactive pre-conference workshops on the 27th November 2018, to further expand the breadth of knowledge they will gain at this year's event.
The morning workshop will be led by Joanna Timmermann, a Director at Kinetic Thinking, who will give participants a detailed overview of “The Goal of Behavioural Change: Best Practice Thoughts for Defence Campaigns”.
The afternoon workshop leader will be Captain Paddy Molloy, a press officer in the public relations branch of the Irish Defence Forces, who will discuss “The Use of Social Media in Military Recruitment”.
2018 Event Highlights:
• The only event for defence experts to discuss the use of social media in operations
• Network with military and industry campaign planners for strategic communication
• Explore how to best increase reach and audience engagement
• Key topics include: open-source intelligence gathering, cyber warfare, C2, operational use of social media, campaign effectiveness and more
The latest conference brochure is now available to download on the event website, where you can also register online: www.militarysocialmedia.com/PR1
Interested in sponsoring, exhibiting or speaking at this event?
Contact Sadia Malick, Director, on +44 (0)20 7827 6748 or email smalick ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk
For media enquiries, contact Simi Sapal on +44 (0) 20 7827 6000 or ssapal ( @ ) smi-online dot co dot uk
Social Media in the Defence and Military Sector
28th – 29th November 2018
Holiday Inn Kensington Forum, 97 Cromwell Road, London, UK
www.militarysocialmedia.com/PR1
Follow us ( @ ) SMigroupdefence
Tag us #milsocialmedia
About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward-thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk
A PR BY 1888pressrelease
Does anyone seriously believe that the reason we have high unemployment in America is because we have a substandard infrastructure?
Apparently the politicians in Washington believe that is so because they are trying to make a case for massive infrastructure spending in order to “create jobs” and to “prepare our economy for the 21st century.” I was watching that fountain of conventional wisdom, Fareed Zakaria, tonight and he seems to buy into this proposition. He interviewed Sen. Kay Baily Hutchison about her proposal for an infrastructure bank: The Kerry-Hutchison Bipartisan Infrastructure Bank also known as the BUILD Act. It won't cost the taxpayers any money, she says, because it is a one-time, $10 billion funding of this bank that will lend money for projects.
As she says on her website: “The idea of a national infrastructure bank is an innovative way to leverage private-public partnerships and maximize private funding to address our water, transportation and energy infrastructure needs. In our current fiscal situation, we must be creative in meeting the needs of our country and spurring economic development and job growth, while protecting taxpayers from new federal spending as much as possible.”
This is viewed as a “sensible and business-like approach” to solving this “problem.”
When anyone does reporting on this topic you see shots of China's high-speed trains zooming along as well as Brazil's new super port that will be “the road to China.” We don't need any of these things because we have an excellent infrastructure despite what the “experts” say. Most of these experts want to cash in on this spending boondoggle.
Let me be clear: Not one new job will be created by this infrastructure bank.
The truth is, we don't need it. Our freeways, trucks, railroads and aircraft do just fine get around delivering people and goods. I'm not arguing that some things need repair, but that is minor compared to what this Infrastructure Bank envisions. As we all know, like all things run by government, they have let some of our bridges, roads and schools go into disrepair because they manage it incompetently. While I am sure some kids go to run-down government schools, it's not the buildings that are the problem, it's the unions.
I haven't heard that our water supply is unsafe or that anyone has been poisoned by drinking out of the tap (spare me the occasional example, please). Our ports are fine despite the longshoremen's union. We don't need high-speed trains because they are expensive and inefficient and people will fly instead. Please see Bob Poole's work at the Reason Foundation if you need confirmation of this fact or on any matter dealing with public transportation.
Here are some things to think about when the politicians spout this nonsense:
» 1. Jobs aren't created by government. That is not to say that government employees or contractors do not work; they do. What it means is that government does not create wealth-creating jobs that are self-sustaining as would a private business. This should be fairly simple to understand. Taxes fund government operations. Only the private sector creates wealth that pay taxes. We can have an argument about whether or not government should provide much of the services that it does. For example, we know that private schools do a far better job at providing an education because they are not controlled by unions who control politicians. But, that is not the topic here.
» 2. Government spending known as fiscal stimulus, or Keynesian stimulus, as a cure for unemployment is another matter. The idea here is that since consumers aren't spending all we need to do to revive the economy is to start spending somewhere in the economy and magically things will revive and take off. Unfortunately, such stimulus never works to “jump start” the economy. It never has and never will. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 pushed $840 billion into the economy under this theory, and it failed.
No one (especially our politicians) asks where the money comes from to stimulate the economy. It comes from us, whether through taxes today or taxes tomorrow. And, the more you take out of the private economy, the less capital is available for businesses to create real jobs. Politicians never seem to see this.
Right now, the Keynesians are pushing on a string with this idea. Until we clean up all the excess houses, commercial real estate and related debt, no amount of spending or tax cuts will work.
» 3. Then there is the “quality” issue. Assuming that such infrastructure spending worked, the projects chosen are those favored by government politicians and bureaucrats, and we know how well they do compete with the private sector. Need I mention the $535 million government loan guarantee to the soon-to-be bankrupt Solyndra? These folks shouldn't be handing out your money; they don't know what they are doing.
Solyndra may be the tip of the iceberg. This selection below is just the first four contracts on the Recovery Act web site that you can bid for. (If you wish to see all of them, go here or here.)
As you can see, as with most of these Recovery Act contracts, it is just another way to pay for things the government needs or want. Nothing here will create real jobs, the kind that will be market-based taxpaying jobs. It's a waste of your money.
» 4. Union workers will be employed for these construction projects since they are all federal contracts and that requires union workers. No big issue here; we all understand this is a payoff to the Democratic Party base.
» 5. Then there is Japan. They spent trillions of dollars on fiscal stimulus for much of the same things that are proposed by the Infrastructure Bank. It was all a huge waste of money there and the result was 20 years of sluggishness and the highest debt to GDP of any industrialized nation (225 percent; we are at 100 percent). Their economy is still in the doldrums and they stupidly push for even more such stimulus spending. We are going Japanese with all this spending but with a twist: We have inflation, and we will have more inflation from quantitative easing and more spending.
The Infrastructure Bank is a hoax. Kill it now before it grows.
— Jeff Harding is a principal of Montecito Realty Investors LLC. A student of economics, he has a strong affinity for free-market economics. This commentary originally appeared on his blog, The Daily Capitalist.
Healthcare robots are a blend of medicine and technology. These robots aid surgeons in performing surgeries with almost perfect precision. These are considered as an alternative method to minimal invasive surgeries. In the recent past, considerable development has been achieved in the global healthcare robots market as robotics is being increasingly adapted by the medicine industry to augment healthcare workers including therapists, though this can never be an alternate for humans, nor can they perform autonomously owing to patient safety concerns. However they help doctors to considerably leverage their analytical and decision-making skills, while extending their physical abilities.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/healthcare-robots-market.html
Some of the driving forces for the global healthcare robots market are increasing automation technologies, enhancement of technological innovation, booming population growth and reduced overall mortality rates, growing disabilities in humans, acute supply shortage of medical professionals, need for improving surgical procedures, need for improving life quality for the elderly and the disabled, demographic changes, large scale global investment in the robotics market, Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of critical surgeries, government backing for the healthcare market, and the growing incidence of medication blunder deaths.
However, massivepurchasing and installing costs of healthcare robots can impede the growth in the global market. Medical robots are too expensive and need technical professions for performing operations. Moreover, reluctance to imbibe the technological change, and mechanical reliability issues are also restraining factors for the healthcare robots market. Despite this, healthcare robots have achieved global acceptance in a varied range of operations such as neurological surgery, interventional cardiological surgery and orthopedic surgery. This provides the much-needed lucrative opportunities for the healthcare robots market moving into the future.
The global healthcare robots market may be segmented on the basis of applications, type and components. On the basis of applications, the segments are neurology applications, cardiology applications, orthopedic applications, laparoscopic applications and other applications. The categories based on type of product are surgical robots, rehabilitation robots, telemedicine robots, pharmacy and hospital automation robots, non-invasive radiosurgery robots and robotic catheters. The categories on the basis of components segmentation are safety systems, locomotion systems, user interface, software platforms, power resources and visualization systems.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15050
Based on geography, the global healthcare robots market can be segmented into six regions. These are North America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. North America has been typically leading the global market for healthcare robots owing to enhanced awareness amongst the patients towards the utility of new, innovative technologies which paves the path for huge potential growth in this region. The market is projected to grow at a greater pace in the future mainly due to the high levels of initial medical investment in the U.S. North America is followed by the European region in terms of market share. Since the European government has been initiating innovative policies for improving well-being and health of the citizens, Europe is forecast to have substantial growth in the near future. The other region of robust growth in the healthcare robots market is the Asia Pacific because of fast evolving medical infrastructure. Furthermore, growing disposable income levels, technological evolution and rapidly changing lifestyle scenario are the main reasons behind the impressive growth rates in this region.
The key players in the global healthcare robots market are Hocoma, Irobot Corporation, Hansen Medical Inc, Ekso Bionics Holdings Inc, Titan Medical Inc, Accuray Inc,Intuitive Surgical Inc, MAKO Surgical Corp, ZOLL Medical Corp, Varian Medical Systems, Kirby Lester Llc, Mazor Robotics Ltd, Aurora Biomed Inc, Roche Holding AG and Biotek Instruments Inc.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
The UK's advertising watchdog has referred secondary ticketing website Viagogo to Trading Standards for its failure to make changes to misleading pricing information on its website.
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said Viagogo was continuing to mislead consumers by not being upfront and clear about additional booking fees and delivery charges added at the end of the booking process.
Viagogo also operates a site for Irish consumers, currently advertising tickets for Ireland versus New Zealand in the Autumn Internationals, and concerts by Lauryn Hill, Taylor Swift and Michael Buble.
The Geneva-based firm was one of four who were subject to ASA action in March after a clampdown on “misleading” pricing information.
StubHub, Seatwave and GetMeIn were the other three companies subject to the action against so-called “drip pricing” - where VAT, booking and delivery fees were added at the end of the booking process.
However, the ASA said Viagogo failed to meet its May 29th deadline to make the necessary changes to its website.
It added: “As of today, the ASA is not satisfied that Viagogo has brought its website in line with the advertising rules.
“The ASA made clear to Viagogo that if changes were not made it would consider imposing further sanctions, including referring them to its legal backstop power, National Trading Standards, for consideration of statutory sanctions which can involve prosecution and fines.”
ASA chief executive Guy Parker said: “Viagogo was given clear warning and handed the opportunity to play fair with consumers by removing misleading pricing information from its website; its failure to do so means it will now face the consequences.
“Where an advertiser or business is unwilling or unable to follow the advertising rules, we will act. In light of Viagogo's inability to get its house in order, we're referring it to National Trading Standards to consider appropriate action.”
The ASA earlier warned Viagao that it was “breaking UK advertising rules” by failing to make additional fees clear.
Campaign group Fanfair Alliance, who campaigned against secondary ticketing online, and the music promoters Festival Republic and Kilimanjaro Live were among those who complained to the ASA about issues including additional ticket fees.
According to the ASA, Viagogo said: “Each ticket home page contained the text ‘prices exclude booking and delivery fees (applicable by transaction)', and therefore at the first stage of the customer journey, consumers were informed that the prices displayed did not include additional booking and delivery fees.”
Digital Minister Margot James told BBC 5 Live Breakfast's Nicky Campbell: “If there's one message I could get across to your listeners here this morning, it is that there are four big choices when you can't get a ticket for an event from the primary seller - and you've got to go to a secondary site - there are four choices. Just don't choose Viagogo, they are the worst.
“I think the best thing is for people to be made aware, we can't necessarily, especially because they are based outside of the UK, there are limits to what we can do to single them out.
“They will have to comply with the law in the end, it's just the other three big companies have agreed to do so in advance, but we are taking more steps to constrain the activities of secondary ticketing sites.” – PA
Las Vegas Metro police and Clark County firefighters responded to a fire at The Drew March 1, 2018 (Kurt Rempe / FOX5).
A man is facing federal charges for starting a fire at a Las Vegas Strip property that was under construction.
Andrew Joseph Sanders, 26, was charged with one count of arson for setting building materials on fire at The Drew (formerly Fontainebleau), according to the Clark County Fire Department and a Nevada District Court release. Surveillance video caught Sanders starting the fires within a 3,000 square-foot ballroom and a separate ballroom location on March 1, 2018.
As Sanders attempted to leave the property after starting the fires, he fought with a responding CCFD firefighter, which delayed the crew's efforts to extinguish the blaze, a release said.
He was later arrested by Las Vegas Metro police officers. Investigators estimated that the fires caused $10 million in damages.
Sanders faces up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. He is scheduled to appear in court for a preliminary hearing on May 16.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
KNOXVILLE, TN (WATE) – A video on Facebook has gone viral for the message one boy has on the subject of bullying.
In the video Kimberly Jones posted on Friday, you see Keaton tearfully begin by asking, “why do they bully?”
Keaton questions how bullies can find joy by picking on others.
He goes on to describe his experience from the day, including how other kids poured milk on him and put food down his clothes.
He says he is not the sole victim of bullying at his school, and that other kids are targets too.
Keaton says people who are different shouldn't be criticized for that.
Keaton ends the video by saying “it will probably get better one day.”
More than 15 million people have viewed the video and nearly 320,000 people have shared Kimberly Jones' original Facebook post.
A number of people have stepped up for Keaton on social media, including Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker.
@DonteStallworth @Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker (@delaniewalker82) December 9, 2017
The Titans' social media manager tweeted, offering the services of Titans' offensive lineman Taylor Lewan as a bodyguard for Keaton.
I need someone to connect me with this child's family, please. I've been told he is from Knoxville. Mr. Lewan is against bullying and willing to provide his services as a bodyguard. Do your thing, Twitter! Connect us. #TitanUp pic.twitter.com/OkrQP0UTqe — Nate Bain (@natebain) December 9, 2017
Two players from the Tennessee Vols also posted support for Keaton.
Please let his mother know that we are trying to reach out. Keaton has some friends on the football team that would love to spend some time with him. https://t.co/tj1ZqDM4KD — Jarrett Guarantano✞ (@BroadwayJay2) December 9, 2017
https://twitter.com/D1fuzzymuffin17/status/939587010318266368
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle — an accident that could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the event many in the auto and technology industries were dreading but knew was inevitable.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies like the ride-hailing service compete to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it hit 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she was walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk, police said. She died at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't drawn any conclusions about who is at fault but urged people to use crosswalks. He told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as she stepped on to the street.
Neither she nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, he said.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles.
Although the Uber vehicle and its human backup could be at fault, it may turn out that there was nothing either could have done to stop the crash, he said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone.
Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Autonomous vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
“We should be concerned about automated driving,” Smith said. “We should be terrified about human driving.”
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements.
Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when his car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a “startling reminder” to members of Congress that they need to “think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
​The recently published report titled ​Global Panel Saw Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of Global Panel Saw Market considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The Global Panel Saw Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Panel Saw Market. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on Global Panel Saw Market provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on Global Panel Saw Market also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/360598
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Panel Saw Market
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Panel Saw Market
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Panel Saw Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Panel Saw
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Panel Saw
1.1.1 Definition of Panel Saw
1.1.2 Specifications of Panel Saw
1.2 Classification of Panel Saw
1.2.1 Electronic Panel Saw
1.2.2 Reciprocating Panel Saw
1.2.3 Sliding Table Saw
1.3 Applications of Panel Saw
1.3.1 Panel Furniture
1.3.2 Wood Based Panel
1.3.3 Wooden Door & Floor Board
1.3.4 Others
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Panel Saw
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Panel Saw
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Panel Saw
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Panel Saw
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Panel Saw
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Panel Saw Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Panel Saw Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Panel Saw Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Panel Saw Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Panels Saw Overall Market Overview
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Panel Saw Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Panel Saw Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Panel Saw Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Panel Saw Sales Analysis (Company Segment)
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Panel Saw Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Panel Saw Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment)
5 Panels Saw Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Panel Saw Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Panel Saw Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Panel Saw Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Panel Saw Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Panel Saw Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Panel Saw Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Panel Saw Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Panel Saw Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Panel Saw Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Panel Saw Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Panel Saw Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Panel Saw Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Panel Saw Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Panel Saw Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Panel Saw Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Panel Saw Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Panel Saw Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Panel Saw Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Panel Saw Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Panel Saw Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Panel Saw Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Panel Saw Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Panel Saw Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Panel Saw Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Panel Saw Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Panel Saw Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Panel Saw Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Panel Saw Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Panel Saw Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Panel Saw Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Panel Saw Segment Market Analysis (by Type)
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Panel Saw Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Panel Saw Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Panel Saw Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 Electronic Panel Saw of Panel Saw Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 Reciprocating Panel Saw of Panel Saw Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.3 Sliding Table Saw of Panel Saw Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Panel Saw Segment Market Analysis (by Application)
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Panel Saw Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Panel Saw Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Panel Saw Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Panel Furniture of Panel Saw Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Wood Based Panel of Panel Saw Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.3 Wooden Door & Floor Board of Panel Saw Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.4 Others of Panel Saw Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Panel Saw
8.1 HOMAG
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 HOMAG 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 HOMAG 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 Altendorf
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 Altendorf 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 Altendorf 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 Schelling
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 Schelling 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 Schelling 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 Biesse
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 Biesse 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 Biesse 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 Weinig
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 Weinig 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 Weinig 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6 Nanxing
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3 Nanxing 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4 Nanxing 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.7 SCM
8.7.1 Company Profile
8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.7.2.1 Product A
8.7.2.2 Product B
8.7.3 SCM 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.7.4 SCM 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.8 MAS
8.8.1 Company Profile
8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.8.2.1 Product A
8.8.2.2 Product B
8.8.3 MAS 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.8.4 MAS 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.9 KDT
8.9.1 Company Profile
8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.9.2.1 Product A
8.9.2.2 Product B
8.9.3 KDT 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.9.4 KDT 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.10 Giben
8.10.1 Company Profile
8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.10.2.1 Product A
8.10.2.2 Product B
8.10.3 Giben 2016 Panel Saw Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.10.4 Giben 2016 Panel Saw Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.11 Unisunx
8.12 Fulpow
8.13 TAI CHAN
8.14 Hendrick
8.15 GONGYOU
8.16 MeiJing
8.17 Hengrun Xiang
8.18 Qingdao Sanmu
8.19 Holytek
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Panel Saw Market
9.1 Global Panel Saw Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Panel Saw Market Size (Volume and Value) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Panel Saw Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Panel Saw Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Panel Saw Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Panel Saw Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Panel Saw Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Panel Saw Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Panel Saw Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Panel Saw Consumption Forecast
9.3 Panel Saw Market Trend (Product Type)
9.4 Panel Saw Market Trend (Application)
10 Panels Saw Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Panel Saw Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Panel Saw International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Panel Saw by Region
10.4 Panel Saw Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Panel Saw
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Panel Saw Market Professional Survey Report 2017
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/360598
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
TAKE THE BAIT: Previous baiting efforts by the Southern Downs Regional Council with 1080 poison have proven successful.
THE Southern Downs Regional Council will conduct the next round of 1080 baitin from tomorrow.
Aimed at reducing the numbers of wild dogs, foxes and feral pigs, the baiting program will take place over the course of three days, and cover areas from Leyburn down to Killarney.
Council identifies non-participation in the programs conducted each year as a major barrier to minimising the impacts caused by wild animals to farms and property.
They state that co-ordinated baiting with the use of 1080 is the most economically sound way to control numbers across the region.
Wild dogs can travel as far as 100km from their birthplace, and have been identified as primary hosts of hydatid, a disease which can infect domestic stock, native animals and humans as secondary hosts. The council urges people with doubts about using the baiting method to contact staff.
The SDRC baiting schedule:
WEDNESDAY
8am: Goomburra, Goomburra Hall
10am: Maryvale, North Branch Road near Cunningham Highway
11.30am: Freestone, Jack Smith Gully Road Water Reserve (windmill)
1pm: Upper Swanfels, Bill Mosely's gate 'Mooroolin', Top Swanfels Rd
THURSDAY
7am: Willowvale/Bony Mountain, Cnr Wheatvale and Lawler Rds
10am: Greymare, Greymare Hall
Noon: Karara, 'Gradenfloe', Thanes Crk Rd
3pm: Leyburn, Leyburn Forestry Rd (near police station)
FRIDAY
7am: Braeside, Coochie Rd turnoff New England Hwy
9am: Dalveen, Old Stanthorpe Rd, near 'Brooklands'
Noon: Risdon/Murray Bridge, Cnr of Derreen & Wildash School Rds
3pm: Killarney, 602, Spring Creek Rd, The Falls
Construct a creation (doesn't have to be castled) from all the collected food for Boise Rescue Mission Ministries' Can Castle Contest. Montana Dakota Utilities
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - CFN Media Group ("CannabisFN"), the leading creative agency and digital media network dedicated to legal cannabis, today announced the publication of an article and video CEO interview covering InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s ( OTCQB : IMLFF) ( CSE : IN) groundbreaking cannabinoid biosynthesis technology.
The cannabis plant has been used for centuries for its therapeutic benefits, but researchers have only recently started to understand how it works in the human body. While tetrahydrocannabinol ("THC") and cannabidiol ("CBD") may be the most studied, there are 90+ other cannabinoids in the plant that could be valuable therapeutics with a relatively well-established safety profile given the plant's history. InMed Pharmaceuticals aims to leverage its innovative biosynthesis manufacturing technology to unlock the potential of these 90+ other cannabinoids by cost-effectively, safely and scalably producing them in a laboratory setting.
The process of growing, harvesting, processing and purifying cannabinoids can be costly -- time and resource intensive with several factors impacting quality control. While extraction of THC and CBD is economically feasible since they are far more prevalent in the plant (accounting for up to 90% of the total quantity of cannabinoids that can be extracted), the less common cannabinoids are very expensive due to their scarcity. Despite their potential in treating disease, it simply isn't realistic to explore their use in pharmaceutical products due to their high cost.
Most 'medical marijuana' companies have focused on using the whole plant and/or extraction of oil mixtures, while pharmaceutical companies have focused their efforts on growing cannabis, extracting THC and CBD in their pure forms ( > 99%), and studying their effects on conditions like epilepsy and pain management. Unfortunately, these factors could be limiting the potential uses for the extensive number of cannabinoids in treating various serious medical conditions.
InMed Pharmaceuticals has taken a unique low-cost / high-yield approach to developing cannabinoid-based compounds for inclusion in their products. By utilizing the process currently employed to manufacture insulin for diabetes, the company's strategy can scalably produce a wide range of cannabinoids beyond simply THC and CBD. These cannabinoids could have broad-reaching potential, but haven't been studied extensively because they are difficult to extract from the cannabis plant at scale.
InMed is initially targeting Epidermolysis Bullosa (EB) and Glaucoma with specific cannabinoid compounds that have shown promise in early studies. EB is an orphan condition that has no currently approved treatments, which could pave the way for faster regulatory approvals and a dramatic improvement in patient quality of life. Glaucoma is the second leading cause of blindness in the developed world.
The company's manufacturing technology will provide the compounds needed to research and commercialize their internal product candidates; however, it is estimated that the market for CBD alone, as an ingredient for mixing into other products, will surpass $2B by 2020. This manufacturing capability could very well be a huge stand-alone business opportunity for InMed.
Please follow the link to see the interview with CEO Eric A. Adams and read the full article: http://www.cannabisfn.com/inmed-pharma-develops-scalable-approach-to-cannabinoid-production/
Learn how to become a CFN Media client company, brand or entrepreneur: http://www.cannabisfn.com/become-featured-company/
Download the CFN Media iOS mobile app to access the world of cannabis from the palm of your hand: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/cannabisfn/id988009247?ls=1&mt=8
Or visit our homepage and enter your mobile number under the Apple App Store logo to receive a download link text on your iPhone: http://www.cannabisfn.com
About CFN Media
CFN Media (CannabisFN), the leading creative agency and media network dedicated to legal cannabis, helps marijuana businesses attract investors, customers (B2B, B2C), capital, and media visibility. Private and public marijuana companies and brands in the US and Canada rely on CFN Media to grow and succeed.
CFN launched in June of 2013 to initially serve the growing universe of publicly traded marijuana companies across North America. Today, CFN Media is also the digital media choice for the emerging brands in the space.
Disclaimer:
Except for the historical information presented herein, matters discussed in this release contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Emerging Growth LLC, which owns CFN Media and CannabisFN.com, is not registered with any financial or securities regulatory authority, and does not provide nor claims to provide investment advice or recommendations to readers of this release. Emerging Growth LLC may from time to time have a position in the securities mentioned herein and may increase or decrease such positions without notice. For making specific investment decisions, readers should seek their own advice. Emerging Growth LLC may be compensated for its services in the form of cash-based compensation or equity securities in the companies it writes about, or a combination of the two. For full disclosure please visit: http://www.cannabisfn.com/legal-disclaimer/.
The second seed Caroline Wozniacki saw her hopes of winning a first Wimbledon title shot down by Russia's Ekaterina Makarova amid a hail of flying ants on Wednesday.
The Australian Open champion recovered from 5-1 down in the final set to level at 5-5 but could not finish the job as the world No 35 held her nerve to win 6-4 1-6 7-5 send Wozniacki tumbling out in the second round.
“I was really nervous because Caroline will never miss and you need to win the points, play the winners,” Makarova said.
“I knew that and I think I was a little hurried because I thought I needed to be more aggressive. But I am so happy that I got calm at 5-5 and did my work again. I told myself, no, you're not going to lose this match, with all those match points. I told myself that, I forgot it and started over.”
Ekaterina Makarova of Russia returns to Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark in their second-round match during the Wimbledon Championships. Photograph: Gerry Penny/EPA
In terms of ranking, this was not in the same class as the losses for Petra Kvitova, Maria Sharapova and Sloane Stephens, each of whom were beaten in the first round here by far lower-ranked opposition. Makarova is a former top 10 player who beat Wozniacki at last year's US Open and she has beaten Serena Williams and Venus Williams at grand slams before.
The left-hander led 5-1 in the first set and though Wozniacki hit back to 5-4, Makarova held on to move ahead. Wozniacki also complained about the hordes of flying ants that had invaded Court No 1, but the Dane recovered to level the match.
Makarova then romped to a 5-1 lead, only for Wozniacki to storm back again. In the second round in Melbourne this year, she trailed Jana Fett of Germany 5-1 in the decider only to come back to win and when she recovered from 5-1 down, saving four match points, to level at 5-5, it looked like she might do it again.
But Makarova recovered her poise, held serve for 6-5 and finally snatched victory on her sixth match point as she hit a backhand drive volley into the open court, setting up a third-round clash with Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic.
Seventh seed Karolina Pliskova won a battle of former world number ones as she beat Victoria Azarenka 6-3 6-3 to reach the third round at Wimbledon for the first time on Wednesday.
Big-serving Czech Pliskova reached the top of the rankings a year ago at Wimbledon despite losing in the second round – the fifth year in succession she had lasted only two matches.
From the moment Azarenka dropped serve with a loose error in the third game, Pliskova always looked likely to break that sequence against the Belarussian who is still trying to rediscover her past form after returning from having a baby.
Azarenka tried to fire herself up when she resisted some pressure to hold serve at the start of the second set.
But Pliskova broke for a 5-3 lead and was then helped by two Azarenka double faults that brought groans from the sedate crowd who had been hoping for something more exciting.
“I think I was pretty solid today, I think I was really strong on my serve which was really important,” the 26-year-old Pliskova said after walking off court.
“Very happy with my victory as it is the first time I am in the third round here. The last few years I was waiting for a good result and it still didn't come, maybe this year is the time; I am feeling great.”
She will play Romanian 28th seed Mihaela Buzarnescu next.
Seven-times champion Serena Williams moved up a gear to beat Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova 6-1 6-4 and reach the third round.
The 36-year-old American barely broke sweat in a one-sided first set but was tested by the world number 135 in the second without ever looking troubled.
While the Centre Court crowd clearly appreciated the sight of Williams in full flow they took a shine to the plucky Tomova who battled hard to make a match of it.
Even ultimate warrior Williams applauded a couple of her opponent's winners late in the second set before completing victory in 66 minutes.
The 25th seed will face the winner of the match that followed her on Centre Court between Germany's Tatjana Maria and France's Kristina Mladenovic.
“It was better than my first round and I'm happy that I'm going in the right direction,” Williams, who took her winning streak at Wimbledon to 16 matches, said on court.
Serena's sister Venus, a five-time champion, dropped her opening service game and lost the first set before finding her rhythm to beat qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru 4-6 6-0 6-1 in the second round.
The 38-year-old American brought her experience to bear from the second set to seal a comfortable win in her first meeting with the Romanian.
“It's just credit to her, she played very well and took advantage, you have to at these championships,” Venus said of Dulgheru's first-set performance.
“It's not easy to play someone you haven't played, and I'm sure she's seen me play a lot, so she was extremely competitive,” she added.
Dulgheru, world number 141, came out fighting in the deciding set, won her serve and had two break points for the second game, only for Venus to save both and hold.
Asked about her improved performance from the second set and whether it confirmed her form as she seeks a second consecutive final and sixth title, she said: “It's just about winning a match, whether it's your best [tennis] or not doesn't matter.”
WOMEN'S SINGLES 2ND RD
Ekaterina Makarova (Rus) bt (2) Caroline Wozniacki (Den) 6-4 1-6 7-5
(7) Karolina Pliskova (Cze) bt Victoria Azarenka (Blr) 6-3 6-3
(9) Venus Williams (USA) bt Alexandra Dulgheru (Rom) 4-6 6-0 6-1
(10) Madison Keys (USA) bt Luksika Kumkhum (Tha) 6-4 6-3
(20) Kiki Bertens (Ned) bt Anna Blinkova (Rus) 6-4 6-0
(25) Serena Williams (USA) bt Viktoriya Tomova (Bul) 6-1 6-4
(29) Mihaela Buzarnescu (Rom) bt Katie Swan (Brit) 6-0 6-3
Lucie Safarova (Cze) bt (32) Agnieszka Radwanska (Pol) 7-5 6-4
Yanina Wickmayer (Bel) bt Andrea Petkovic (Ger) 6-4 6-3
Donna Vekic (Cro) bt Rebecca Peterson (Swe) 7-5 6-4
Evgeniya Rodina (Rus) bt Sorana Cirstea (Rom) 1-6 6-3 6-3
Camila Giorgi (Ita) bt Madison Brengle (USA) 6-4 6-4
- Guardian services and agencies
Components of electric vehicles which are made of plastic fall under the electric vehicle plastics category. Electric vehicles usually possess metal batteries, the weight of which affects their functioning. Instead of metals, plastics and composite materials can also be used as they help reduce running costs. An electric vehicle requires relatively little servicing and no expensive exhaust systems, starter motors, fuel injection systems, radiators, and other parts. A higher quantity of plastic material is used in these vehicles than in conventional ones, owing to the inclusion of a larger battery pack, the smaller size of the internal combustion engine, and demand for lightweight materials to improve fuel efficiency. Electric vehicle plastics are the raw materials prominently used to manufacture parts and supplies.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21554
Increasing demand for electric vehicles owing to growing environmental awareness supported by innovation, government initiatives, and investments made by OEMs has resulted in a technological revolution in the global automobile industry. The need for electric vehicles propels allied sectors such as plastics, an essential material required in the manufacturing of the former. Manufacturers need lightweight materials to develop electric vehicles, which is the primary driver of the global electric vehicle plastics market. Environmental concerns are expected to increase the requirement for electric vehicles, thereby driving the electric vehicle plastics market over the forecast period. With a shift in consumer need toward automobiles which contribute to fewer greenhouse gas emissions, highly fuel-efficient electric vehicles and their variants are being manufactured by almost all major automakers owing to the improving year-on-year sales of this product, directly influencing the development of the electric vehicle plastics market. Another contributing factor is the decline in the prices of raw materials used in the manufacture of electric vehicles.
In terms of material, electric vehicle plastic is categorized into the following types: PP, PE, ABS, PE, PVC, PA, nylon 6, polycarbonate, PVB, and other engineering resins. Based on vehicle type, the market is classified into the hybrid, plug-in hybrid, and battery varieties. On the basis of application, the market is segmented into the interior, exterior, lighting & electric wiring, and under the hood divisions. Polyurethanes are a widely used material in electric vehicles, which could be attributed to the advantages they offer, such as high strength, flexibility, resistance to temperature, and radiation. Key applications of polyurethanes include seating, electric wiring, and hard plastic parts. Battery electric vehicles are a rapidly expanding segment in the electric vehicle plastics market, driven by factors such as increasing innovation, environmental concerns, and stringent emission regulations. To promote their growth, governments are introducing various tax and non-tax incentives for owners of these vehicles. This eventually supplements the growth of the plastics employed in them.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/electric-vehicle-plastics-market.html
The global electric vehicle plastic market has witnessed modest growth in 2015 and is expected to follow the same trend during the forecast period. Asia Pacific dominates the electric vehicle plastic market and has emerged as a hub for electric vehicles in recent years, with China and Japan being the leading players. Governments in APAC are also trying to provide incentives to support the demand for electric vehicles. The electric vehicle plastics market in North America and Western Europe are flourishing at a healthy rate as a result of the increasing adoption of non-polluting vehicles as a means of transportation. The markets in Latin America and Middle East & Africa are likely to experience a sluggish growth rate due to limited demand for and sales of electric vehicles, but this situation could improve in later years when the demand for fossil fuels increases.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Locals in a small north Queensland fishing town in Australia improvised with rubbish bins and hay bales to corral a 3.5m crocodile who wandered into their midst on New Year's Eve.
The crocodile kept police and residents in Karumba, on the shores of the Gulf of Carpentaria, on high alert for most of Saturday until environment department officials arrived from Cairns, about 700km away, to capture and remove the reptile.
The male saltwater crocodile was discovered sunning itself in the backyard of a local house on Karumba's waterfront Esplanade around 6am on Saturday, later moving to the property's front gate.
Police and locals “initially orchestrated a line of wheelie bins in an attempt to funnel him back towards the water but it became clear he wasn't keen to move”, police media said in a release.
Video:
A video uploaded to YouTube captured locals' disappointment when the crocodile, after taking a few tentative steps in the direction of the shoreline, performed an about face to return to his post at the house's front gate where he remained for the rest of the day.
Officers then decided to surround the crocodile with hay bales to contain him until the wildlife officials arrived from Cairns. The animal was reportedly then hoisted by forklift into a boat as the new year countdown approached on Saturday night.
The reptile remains in a local holding facility, with the environment department trying to find it a new home, such as a crocodile farm, a spokeswoman said on Monday.
A local resident, Danielle Day, told the ABC the crocodile wandered into two accommodation complexes before settling in the residential backyard.
“We've been here for nearly 10 years and we've never seen that happen, like [A CROCODILE]come up on to the road and come up to where people stay,” she said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Karumba, on the banks of the Norman river with a population of about 500, is billed as a “fishing Mecca” and the inspiration for the Red Hot Chili Peppers song Animal Bar, named after the local pub.
The Karumba crocodile was one of almost 400 removed by wildlife officers in 2016 under Queensland's largely non-lethal management plan for the protected animal.
Guardian Service
TOKYO — Japan coach Akira Nishino is relying heavily on veteran players with previous World Cup experience in his 23-man squad for the tournament.
Keisuke Honda, Shinji Kagawa and Shinji Okazaki were among almost a dozen named Thursday who represented Japan four years ago in Brazil when the country failed to advance from the group stage.
"I considered many factors," Nishino said. "These players have experience but more than that they were picked based on their performance and the balance they offer."
Nishino made his debut as Japan coach on Wednesday when his team lost to Ghana 2-0 in a friendly.
Last Week
For the second consecutive week, it took extra holes and an additional day to decide the outcome of the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines in La Jolla. Jason Day outlasted Alex Noren in a 6-hole playoff that concluded on Monday after Ryan Palmer was eliminated on the first extra hole. Noren and Palmer had to survive a marathon 18th hole when J.B. Holmes took an unbelievable seven minutes to hit his second shot at the par 5. Day looked as though he would have to withdraw after back problems plagued him throughout his opening round, but he rebounded for his first PGA Tour win since the 2016 Players Championship.
The other story of the week was the return of Tiger Woods, who despite driving difficulties, still shot 3-under par for the week and finished in a very respectable tie for 23rd place. It was the first time he'd played on the weekend in an official Tour event since the 2015 Wyndham Championship. From what I could tell, Woods looked sharper than expected around the greens and if he can start hitting fairways, arguably the best player of all-time should be able to contend for wins this season.
This Week
Waste Management Phoenix Open
Scottsdale, Arizona
The Stadium Course at TPC Scottsdale - Par 71
The par 3 16th holes at the Waste Management has taken on a life of its own, with its unique stadium environment that accommodates up to 16,000 spectators. There are 278 suites and 3,700 general admission seats in a structure that in places is three stories high. Not unlike how the island green 17th hole at TPC Sawgrass defines The Players Championship, the 16th at the Waste Management is definitely on the players' minds as they make their way through the back nine.
In addition to the raucous fans, caddies regularly engage in races to see who can reach the green first. The players themselves embrace the hole with varying degrees of enthusiasm, but some, such as Rickie Fowler encourage the boisterous behavior. In terms of total attendance, the traditional Super Bowl weekend date for the tournament results in the highest numbers on Tour, last year reaching a record 655,434 for the week. Saturday's attendance of 204,906 was also a single-day record.
History
The Phoenix Open dates back to 1932 when it was originally called the Arizona Open. After some stops and starts, the tournament has been held continuously since 1944 and at its current location since 1987. Although five of the last 10 events, including the last two, have been decided in a playoff, historically the requirement of extra holes was rare. There have been a number of blowout victories, with Johnny Miller holding the record with a 14-shot victory over Jerry Heard in 1975.
Arnold Palmer bested four players, including Jack Nicklaus, by 12 strokes in 1962, his second of three consecutive Phoenix Opens wins. In 1997, Steve Jones beat Jesper Parnevik by 11, Mark Calcavecchia shot a tournament record 256 in an 8-shot win over Rocco Mediate in 2001 and J.B. Holmes beat a quintet of players by 7 strokes on his way to a victory in 2006. In each of the last two years, Hideki Matsuyama has won in a playoff after finishing in a tie for second in 2015. In addition to those already mentioned, past winners include some of the other great players of the game: Byron Nelson, Ben Hogan, Jimmy Demaret, Billy Casper, Jack Nicklaus, and Phil Mickelson.
2018 Field
* Twenty of the top 23 finishers from last year's tournament are in the field
* Five of the top 10, 14 of the top 20, and 39 of the top 50 in FedEx Cup points
* Four of the top 10, 7 of the top 20, and 20 of the top 50 in the World Golf rankings
* Nineteen countries represented
* Six colleges have four or more former players represented: Oklahoma State (6), Georgia Tech (5), Georgia (5), Arizona State (5), Florida (4), UNLV (4)
Oldest Player
Steve Stricker (50)
Youngest Player
John Oda (21)
Major Champions
Phil Mickelson (5), Jordan Spieth (3), Bubba Watson (2), Zach Johnson (2), Retief Goosen (2), Justin Thomas, Keegan Bradley, Webb Simpson, Lucas Glover, Geoff Ogilvy
Total Tour Victories
307 (Phil Mickelson, 42)
Total Major Victories
19 (Phil Mickelson, 5)
Past Champions
Phil Mickelson (3), Hideki Matsuyama (2), Kyle Stanley, Hunter Mahan, J.B. Holmes (2), Aaron Baddeley
Who's Hot
Ryan Palmer came into this year with on a major medical extension and had six starts to earn enough money to gain exempt status for the rest of 2018. Two weeks ago at the CareerBuilder Challenge, his tie for 20th did the trick. With the pressure behind him, he played well enough to win at last week's Farmers Insurance Open, but bowed out of a three-way playoff on the first extra hole. The three-time winner on Tour has also been dealing with his wife's cancer, which is now in remission, as well. He has risen to No. 31 in the FedEx points standings and if he has enough left in the tank after starting his fourth tournament in a row, Palmer could be a big factor this week.
Who's Not
Nick Watney, a five-time winner on Tour, hasn't won since 2012. His best finish this season is a tie for 50th at the CareerBulder and he's mired in 176th place in the FedEx Cup race. Last season, he qualified for the FedEx Cup playoffs after coming off an injury that shortened his 2016 season, but only made 14 cuts in 23 events and didn't make it past the first playoff event. If he is to stay eligible for the Tour, he'll need to get the health problems behind him and start making birdies. On a course where the winning score is generally around 15 to 18 under par, maybe he'll be able to find the old magic that landed him on the 2011 Presidents Cup team.
What to Look For
Last week, Jon Rahm looked to be in position to take over the top spot in the world, but an 8-over par weekend left him in a tie for 29th at the Farmers and still at No. 2 in the world. Despite his problems in San Diego, I still have to look at Rahm as one of the favorites this week. The Spaniard was a sensation at Arizona State in nearby Tempe, Arizona and knows how to play desert golf. He finished in a tie for 16th last year, but his game has improved since then. I also like the way Tony Finau and Austin Cook are playing this season. With Jordan Spieth, Justin Thomas, Rickie Fowler, and Hideki Matsuyama also in the field, this could shape up for quite a finish shortly before Super Bowl LII kicks off.
Kevin Krest is the author of the entertaining PK Frazier series of sports suspense novels and the co-host of the weekly "The Cold Hard Truth: On Sports" broadcast. His books can be found on Amazon.com.
The Peach Bowl pits UW against Alabama in a high-stakes playoff. The athletes will be enemies on the field, but many of them are friends off.
RIYADH - Four British pilgrims were killed and 12 others injured in Saudi Arabia when their bus collided with a fuel tanker, officials said on Sunday.
The crash occurred on Saturday near the western Saudi town of Al Khalas while the pilgrims were on their way to the holy city of Mecca.
"The royal embassy of Saudi Arabia in London is working with (Britain's) Foreign Office to issue emergency visas immediately to both the relatives of the four pilgrims who died and to families of the 12 British pilgrims who were injured," the embassy said in a statement.
"The injured have been taken to a hospital in Mecca where everything possible is being done to care for them."
The statement said 17 British pilgrims were aboard the bus.
"My sincere sympathies and thoughts are with the families of the four British pilgrims who tragically died in a coach crash in the kingdom on Saturday and for the pilgrims who were injured," Saudi ambassador to Britain, Mohammed bin Nawaf, tweeted.
"Our prayers are with these families at this tragic time."
In a brief statement, a spokesman for the British Foreign Office said: "We are supporting the British families of those who have died and those injured following a serious road traffic accident".
Every year, millions of Muslims flock to Mecca and Medina further south, Islam's second holiest site, to carry out the annual hajj pilgrimage or the umra.
In January 2017, a two-month old baby was among six British nationals killed in a road accident in Saudi Arabia while they were travelling to Medina, according to British officials.
In 2015, around 2,300 worshippers performing hajj were crushed to death in a stampede, in the worst disaster ever to strike the annual pilgrimage.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Train services between Derby and London are disrupted after someone was hit by a train.
The person was struck near Kettering and the line was temporarily closed while emergency crews attended the incident.
Some lines have now reopened and East Midlands Trains (EMT) say they are “working hard to recover” services.
The 7.01pm train from Derby Train Station to London St Pancras International is delayed by 47 minutes.
The 7.21pm and 8.01pm services are also delayed. Later trains are running on schedule.
Carolyn Lewis, Diocesan Director of Education for the Diocese of Leicester, tweeted from the train to say somebody had been killed.
She wrote: "Prayers .... on a train and it stopped very suddenly.
"Sadly the train has hit someone and they have died. Prayers for the person killed, their family and the train driver.
"Just outside Kettering. We are still waiting. Driver is being relieved and emergency services still on site.”
A spokesman for EMT said: “A person has been hit by a train near Kettering. This is disrupting trains on the London/Nottingham/Sheffield route.
“Our teams on site have reopened some of the lines through Kettering and we are working on getting services back to normal.
“Unfortunately, we haven't got an estimate of when that will be at the moment. If you are travelling between these stations your journey will be subject to delays.
“If you're travelling from London, we advise you to use alternative routes to complete your journey.
“We have ticket acceptance in place with Virgin West Coast for services to the North via Manchester, and Kettering via Northampton.
“Virgin Trains East Coast services for Nottingham via Grantham. Thameslink services between London, Luton and Bedford.
“Replacement buses are also running between Kettering and Corby, and between Kettering and Northampton.
“If your journey has been delayed today please visit our delay repay pages.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are searching for a man in connection with series of serious assaults.
Officers have put out an appeal saying: "WANTED - Have you seen Joseph Donnelly?"
The 28-year-old is wanted for a series of serious assaults in Wolverhampton.
His last known address was in Willenhall, and he also has links to Wolverhampton.
A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: "Enquiries to trace him are ongoing, if you've seen him or know where he is staying please contact West Midlands Police on 101."
To remain anonymous, contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
DUBAI - Men, women and children fleeing the Horn of Africa have faced torture and sexual violence in conflict-wracked Yemen at the hands of government officials, Human Rights Watch said Wednesday.
The watchdog said researchers interviewed eight migrants at a detention facility in the southern city of Aden and Yemeni government officials.
The United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) published a parallel report Wednesday corroborating the findings and calling for "unhindered access" to detainees.
Last year, more than 87,000 people arrived in Yemen from the Horn of Africa, according to UNHCR.
Human Rights Watch said migrants who end up in Aden's Buraika detention facility -- in use since early 2017 -- have faced beatings with steel bars, sexual violence and dire sanitary conditions.
Detainees, notably boys, were raped by guards, according to the report.
"Every night, they would take one, to rape them," a former detainee told HRW. "Not all of them. The small ones. The little ones. I know seven boys who were sexually assaulted... You could hear what was happening."
Other detainees said the boys "would come back unable to sit, sometimes crying, and occasionally telling the others what had happened".
At least two male detainees were shot dead, according to witnesses.
An Ethiopian national who managed to escape in 2018 told HRW there were only "two ways" to leave the Buraika detention facility -- through smugglers or being "deported into the sea".
In January, more than 150 Ethiopians and Somalis were packed onto an overcrowded vessel in Aden and sent in the direction of Djibouti, according to the UN and the International Organization for Migration.
At least 30 people drowned when the boat capsized, the joint statement said.
"The Yemeni government bears responsibility for the deaths of deported detainees at sea," said Human Rights Watch.
Yemen's interior ministry told HRW in an April 2 letter it had removed the Buraika facility commander, Colonel Khalid al-Alwani, and would transfer detainees to another facility.
HRW is calling on Yemen's government to bring detention centres in line with UN standards, provide female-only guards for women's quarters, end detentions of children with their families over immigration violations and ensure detainees are granted the right to make asylum claims or contest deportations.
Yemen's government is based in Aden, having been driven out of Sanaa by Huthi rebels who overran the capital in 2014.
A Saudi-led Arab coalition intervened in March 2015 to try to restore the government to power.
Nearly 10,000 people have since been killed in Yemen's conflict, which has unleashed what the UN has called the world's worst humanitarian crisis.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Beverage Centrifugal Pump Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Xylem, SPX FLOW, Alfa Laval, Graco, Fristam Pumps, Pentair, Sulzer, Tapflo, Yangguang Pump, Mono, CNP, Fluid-o-Tech, Moyno, Enoveneta, Nuert, Viking Pumps.
The report begins with introducing the global Beverage Centrifugal Pump market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Beverage Centrifugal Pump report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-beverage-centrifugal-pump-market/5887/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Beverage Centrifugal Pump Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single-stage Pump, Multi-stage Pump.
Beverage Centrifugal Pump Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Alcoholic Beverage, Non-Alcoholic Beverage, Dairy Products.
Key points in the Beverage Centrifugal Pump Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-beverage-centrifugal-pump-market/5887/#inquiry
From all of this Beverage Centrifugal Pump market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Beverage Centrifugal Pump market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Beverage Centrifugal Pump distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
SWEETWATER COUNTY — The Wyoming Outdoor Council, the National Outdoor Leadership School, and the Wyoming Wilderness Association invite runners to the 5th annual Run the Red Desert on June 2nd, 2018. Join us for a special celebration of the 50th anniversary of America's National Trails Day.
Run the Red offers spectacular views of the last great, undeveloped region of high desert in the United States; its variety of landforms and abundant wildlife are found nowhere else on Earth. Racers will see red playa lakes dotted with bright green greasewood, painted badlands, and shifting sand dunes. Runners will circle the iconic Boars Tusk and catch glimpses of the Wind River Range. The landscape contains Wilderness Study Areas, the longest ungulate migration corridor, and the largest desert elk herd in North America. The Red Desert retains the paths and archeological remains left from the Oregon, Mormon Pioneer, and Cherokee trails.
“This race is truly special because it takes place in an area that is not normally utilized by runners,” Wyoming Outdoor Council Public Lands Advocate RJ Pieper said. “Most of the public use in the desert is hunting and motorized recreation, but Run the Red brings an entirely different group to the desert, showcasing how versatile these public lands are and how important it is to protect them.” Advertisement - Story continues below... The Red Desert is a threatened landscape, and we must work to ensure that future generations can experience this ecological wonder in the same condition as it exists today — wild and intact. This is the last great pristine sage-steppe ecosystem left in the Lower 48. Let's protect it! Run the Red helps increase local, regional, and national support for this landscape by building awareness around the area's impressive outdoor recreation and tourism opportunities, and by helping reinforce the need to protect the area's diverse and unique values.
A father may face charges after police in Delta, B.C. were forced to break a window to get a pair of children out of a hot vehicle on Canada Day.
Passersby called 911 after seeing the children in the parking lot of Tsawwassen Mills mall shortly before 5 p.m. The vehicle was left in a sunny location with the windows up.
Officials said those who noticed the kids had first tried communicating with the older of the two, age five, to get him to unlock the door. When the child couldn't get it open, an officer was called to the scene.
"When our officer arrived on scene he discovered the children trapped in the hot vehicle sweating profusely, crying, and with bright red faces," Delta police spokesperson Cris Leykauf said in a statement three days later.
The younger child, age three, was strapped in a car seat in the full sun.
The responding officer instructed the older child to move to the back then smashed the window and helped the kids out.
They were given water and brought to a police cruiser to cool off in the air conditioning. The officer was concerned about their health, especially that of the youngest child whose breathing was irregular. Paramedics were called and the kids were brought to hospital for assessment and treatment. Police said both are now doing well.
"If not for the observant and caring people who were shopping and working at the mall, this might have ended differently," Leykauf said.
About 10 minutes after the rescue, the kids' father arrived at the scene.
Police spoke to the dad about the dangers of leaving young children in a vehicle on a warm day, and will be recommending criminal charges. The Ministry of Children and Family Development has also been advised of the incident.
Aug 13, 2017 | Ya'Gotta Bob Aug 13, 2017 |
“Adventure Tourism Information About Places Ya'Gotta Go To!”
Book Adventures, Hostels, Hotels, Cars, Flights, Packages, Tours and Buy Outdoors Gear at our Ya'Gotta Travel Page
Find Regional Business and Tourist Attractions Ya'Gotta Like
If you're searching for activities and destinations, type the word yagotta in front of what you're looking for.
For example, try these in Google: (our favourite search)
Activities: yagotta aboriginal, yagotta powwow, yagotta rodeos (sled dogs, camping, cowboys, dinosaurs, etc. Don't forget bear information (very important).
Destinations: (locations) yagotta banff, yagotta vancouver, yagotta drumheller (provinces/territories) yagotta saskatchewan, yagotta yukon
These searches can also be used in our online search, at the bottom of each page, of our Ya'Gotta website.
As in the top section of this page if you're looking for adventures, flights, hostels, hotels, car/RV rentals, travel packages, tours and outdoor gear/boots/clothing…be sure to visit our Ya'Gotta Travel Page. For local and regional attractions, campgrounds, crafts, gift shops, pubs, restaurants and souvenirs …visit our business and tourist attractions Ya'Gotta Like
Posted in: Aboriginal, Aboriginal Culture, Activities, Airlines, Alberta, Arts, Attractions, Banff, Barkerville, British Columbia, Calgary, campgrounds, camping, Camrose, Canadian Cowboys, Clothing Gear & Equipment, Conservation, Cowboys, crafts, Dawson City, Dinosaurs, Drumheller, Edmonton, Fur Trade, gift shops, Gold Rush, Grande Cache, Jasper, Manitoba, Northwest Territories, Pubs, Regina, regional attractions, Restaurants, Saskatchewan, Services, Slave Lake, souvenirs, tours, trails, Travel, Vancouver, Western/Country, Wildlife, Ya'Gotta Travel Blog, Yellowknife, Yukon | Tags: google, web search, website search
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Russell Tovey and Arinzé Kene in The Pass. Toledo Productions
This piece is part of the Passing issue, a special package from Outward, Slate's home for coverage of LGBTQ life, thought, and culture. Read more here.
Told in three acts, John Donnelly's The Pass tells the story of brash professional soccer player Jason in three hotel room encounters that track his complicated relationship with his sexuality. In 2006, he finds himself seducing a teammate before a big game; in 2011, he's hired a woman to shoot a sex tape to dispel those “rumors” floating around; and in 2016, now divorced and out of the game, reconnecting with that teammate whose career he destroyed when 10 years prior he chose to shoot to score rather than, well, pass him the ball. Donnelly's character study stresses how dependent passing is on others; always afraid of being found out (or of already having been seen for the faggot he knows himself to be), Jason constantly blackmails and intimidates those he comes into contact with, those whose laughter and scorn he fears.
The Pass doesn't just place the gay athlete at the center of its drama, it relishes the gay athlete's body, offering it up for display. After all, a gay male athlete's body is the ultimate example of how masculinity and straight passing go hand in hand. For the whole of its first act, Jason and his black teammate Ade wear nothing more than a pair of briefs. Their toned bodies, pumped by the protein milkshakes we see them chugging, are the center of attention for us and them alike. In Ben A. Williams' filmed adaptation, Jason even enjoys using a video camera to record Ade's every move, unsettling and flattering him in equal measure.
While 19th-century discourse first aligned inverts and sodomites with weak and effeminate bodies (see: the dandy), the 20th century saw the rise of a new and much more perplexing gay stereotype: the hypermasculine homosexual. In physique pictorials, YMCA workout rooms, Tom of Finland illustrations, and later still in perfectly curated #masc4masc Grindr profiles, the muscled hunk wrenched masculinity away from heterosexuality and placed it squarely at the center of gay life. As homophobic rhetoric continued to claim that faggots could easily be identified (by their fastidious clothing, their fussy mannerisms, their limp wrists), muscle queens that could handily pass complicated such gendered language. Moreover, they borrowed wholesale the straight valorization of the fit male body, reinforcing the idea that there was a sense of respectability in not looking like “those other gays.”
Stripping Jason of all his clothing, leaving him quite literally with nothing to hide behind, is the first clue that it is his body that will eventually betray him. The roughhousing he and Ade engage in, the kind that's socially sanctioned in homosocial spaces like the locker room, eventually turns Ade on, giving him a hard-on. After unsuccessfully trying to pass it off as a sign of nervousness, Ade's bodily betrayal is what leads Jason to go one further. In the play, he merely gives his soccer buddy an Eskimo kiss and caresses his cheeks before beckoning him into the shower. In the film, the sexual chemistry is more palpable as they passionately kiss before retreating to the hotel bathroom.
The vulnerability Jason displays becomes the moment where his performance of alpha-male masculinity falters. One that, as the following two acts confirm, he'll struggle to put back together. For The Pass is a play about what happens in that split-moment after you've been found out, when the mask slips, and a pair of unconcerned eyes land on you, forcing you to look at yourself as you dare not see yourself.
If passing (conscious, strategic passing) is a performance, The Pass shows us what it feels like when you find yourself performing for an ungenerous audience that's not buying what you're selling. Five years after his sexual tryst with Ade, we find Jason again in a hotel room where he's secretly paid a stripper to come up and record a sex tape that'll qualm the whispers that threaten his career as a world-renowned soccer player. Even when confronted by the young woman who's suddenly skittish about what she signed up for, Jason opts to deny who and what he is:
Jason: No love, I'm not gay, what kind of word is gay? Lyndsey: So what are you then? Jason: I'm an athlete. A warrior. I go out and do battle every week in front of a baying mob. I sell millions in merchandise, I embody people's hopes and dreams, I'm not gay. I don't know why I'm even bothering, I can't expect you to get it. You can't begin to fathom the pressure I'm under.
It's the kind of exchange that's as laughable as it is illuminating. For those who've built a life on the privilege their passing bestows them, the prospect of being found out is often followed by rhetorical gymnastics that concede no part of their performance. “No one decides who I am or what I am but me,” Jason tells Lyndsey, but he forgets that his passing depends on others' gazes. Her pitying mockery is just another reminder of how his abrasive masculinity can only protect him for so long, especially once flickers of recognition pass through another's eyes. If anything, by the time, five years later, when he meets (now out and proud) Ade again and brags about the successful life he leads, though injury and scandal have clearly taken a toll on the once promising player, it's clear even he can tell how constricting performative manliness can become for closeted gay men like himself.
It is here where Russell Tovey, who originated the part of Jason at the Royal Court Theatre in London in 2014 and later reprised it in the 2016 film, adds his own level of meta-commentary on the role. In a now-infamous interview with the Guardian back in 2015, the British actor got into hot water for making remarks that played exactly into the very issues The Pass examines. Namely, the way masculinity has long become a mask and an armor for gay men. “I feel like I could have been really effeminate, if I hadn't gone to the school I went to. Where I felt like I had to toughen up,” he shared at the time. “If I'd have been able to relax, prance around, sing in the street, I might be a different person now. I thank my dad for that, for not allowing me to go down that path. Because it's probably given me the unique quality that people think I have.” It was the kind of pull quote that unsurprisingly engendered a great deal of criticism about the kind of prideful masc-passing Tovey was espousing.
In the context of the interview, which chronicled Tovey's physical transformation from “a little scared, skinny rat” who was knifed on a train when he was 18 to the bulked-up actor who was then playing a “gnarly, red-cheeked outdoorsman” in BBC's Banished, the comments felt like a tone-deaf admission of the perks of passing for straight. Moreover, they inadvertently keyed into what makes that muscled masculinity such a powerful weapon: It encourages you to think that the “unique quality” other people think you have is something other than your ability to pass. “Like queer identity itself,” Linda Schlossberg argues in her introduction to Passing: Identity and Interpretation in Sexuality, Race, and Religion, “passing can be experienced as a source of radical pleasure or intense danger; it can function as a badge of shame or a source of pride.” And, as Jason and Tovey himself remind us, it's often hard to discern between the two.
Read all of Outward's special issue on Passing.
MIAMI, Fla. - Aubrey & The Three Migos perform live at the American Airlines Arena in Miami on Saturday, September 22nd.
"Aubrey" is of course, superstar rapper Drake. The Three Migos are the cutting edge rap group Migos from Atlanta!
The concert is scheduled to start at 7 p.m.
For tickets or more information click here.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Pranav Mohanlal, the star kid is all set to make his debut in the lead role, with the upcoming movie Aadhi. The project, which is written and directed by Jeethu Joseph, had recently started rolling in Kochi.
Now, the second schedule of the highly anticipated project has begun. Lead actor Pranav Mohanlal, director Jeethu Joseph, and the rest of the cast and crew members are currently busy with the second schedule shooting in Bengaluru.
Pranav Mohanlal is reportedly appearing in the titular character Aadhi in the movie, which is an action thriller which comes in the lines of Jeethu Joseph Memories. The movie depicts the story of Aadhi, who in search of a serial killer.
Aadhi, which will not have a romantic track will feature Anusree, Alamara fame Adithi Ravi, and Lena, in the main female characters. According to director Jeethu, all the three actresses are playing equally important roles in the movie.
Siddique will appear in the role of Pranav's father. Satheesh Kurup is the director of photography. Anil Johnson composes the songs and background score. Ayoob Khan handles the editing. Aadhi is produced by Antony Perumbavoor, under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas.
"Star Wars: The Last Jedi"(credit: YouTube/Disney•Lucasfilm)
LOS ANGELES (RADIO ALICE) – The Star Wars universe arrived in grand style at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, Saturday night as Star Wars: The Last Jedi premiered to the fans and industry elite.
Huge assault vehicles from the movie, droids, Stormtroopers, all shared the red carpet along with the stars and filmmakers of The Last Jedi. Walt Disney Co. and Lucasfilm executives were some of the first to make the walk down the carpet. As well as those outside the cast of the film, including Carrie-Anne Moss, Patton Oswalt, Cobie Smulders, Gaten Matarazzo of Stranger Things, Constance Zimmer and Greta Gerwig.
Watch StarWars.com & YouTube Live Stream:
Actor Andy Serkis plays uber-villain Supreme Leader Snoke told the Associated Press “It's a Star Wars movie, and the energy tonight is pretty amazing,”
Lead actress Daisy Ridley, who plays Rey wore a dark strapless, shimmering sequins Monse dress with Christian Louboutin shoes. The famous shoe designer collaborated with Disney•Lucasfilm in creating a line of signature Louboutin heels, inspired by Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
“I mean, it's just fun. It's fun. And I feel fun. And it's got stars on it.” Ridley joyfully responds to questions about who she is wearing.
Other actors from the movie include John Boyega who plays defected Stormtrooper Finn, Anthony Daniels who plays the iconic human cyborg relations droid C3-PO and newcomer to the series, Kelly Marie Tran who plays Rose Tico.
Just before the screening inside the auditorium, The Last Jedi writer/director Rian Johnson paid tribute to the late Carrie Fisher. The film marked Fisher's final performance in a Star Wars film, before she died at the end of 2016.
“She's up there flipping the bird,” Johnson said about what Fisher would be saying at that moment. “Don't bring this night down with solemn tributes,”
Johnson then introduced the cast including Mark Hamill, Daisy Ridley, Adam Driver and Laura Dern. When introducing John Williams, Johnson called him one of the “greatest living film composers” as the audience gave Williams a standing ovation.
At which Johnson exclaimed “Let's watch a Star Wars movie!” cueing the lights to dim and the film to start with the iconic music by Williams and famous yellow Star Wars logo scrawling into the screen.
Official reviews of the film won't be out for days, but those in attendance shared their reactions to the movie.
• Star Wars: The Force Awakens and returning director of Star Wars: Episode 9 J.J. Abrams said the film was “great” and “Rian killed it.”
• Adam F. Goldberg of The Goldbergs fame said Star Wars: The Last Jedi made him feel like a kid again.
• The film “will shatter you and then make you feel whole again.” says Anthony Breznican of Entertainment Weekly.
• And Shaun of the Dead director Edgar Wright said the film was “really great!” Wright also has a cameo in the film.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi opens in theaters this Friday, December 15th.
©2017 Entercom 2017 All rights reserved.
The ongoing spat between security firm Kaspersky and various non-Russian world governments has claimed its first true scalp: The company is closing its Washington DC office.
Founded by the eponymous Russian security specialist Eugene Kaspersky, the company which bears his name has been in bother with global governments since Kaspersky Anti-Virus was fingered for a breach that saw confidential documents exfiltrated from a National Security Agency (NSA) staff laptop and, allegedly, supplied to the Russian government. While Kaspersky-the-company initially denied any involvement, an investigation spearheaded by Kaspersky-the-man confirmed that confidential files had been uploaded to Kaspersky servers - but with the claim that the files, which had been correctly identified as potential malware, were deleted as soon as their source was known and were not at any time shared with third parties up to and included the Russian government.
At a time of heightened geopolitical tension, though, there is apparently little need to find the fire from which the smoke emits: The US government immediately placed a block on the use of Kaspersky products, and Bloomberg reports that the move has resulted in the closure of Kaspersky's Washington DC office - a US presence dedicated to sales into government and military which are now no longer possible.
Although clearly a blow to the company, Kaspersky has said it will bounce back. Claiming its governmental sales account for a single digit percentage of its overall US revenue, the company has offered to make the source code for its software available to a third party for review in order to confirm it has no malicious capabilities. The company has also stated that it is going ahead with the opening of Chicago, Los Angeles, and Toronto offices, and has no plans to close any of its other North American facilities.
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The January transfer window is over for our teams in the Premier League, Championship, League One and League Two.
The likes of Benik Afobe and Lewis Grabban were brought in late by Wolves and Aston Villa respectively, but they can no longer push deals through.
In the summer, it is all change for the transfer window after Premier League clubs voted to keep it shorter.
This is all you need to know about the summer transfer window.
When does the summer transfer window open?
It will be around May 17.
Why so early?
It is much earlier than usual because the date for transfer deadline day when clubs can buy players has changed too.
Premier League clubs voted to end the summer 2018 transfer window on the Thursday before the season starts
This is to end the disruption over players leaving or joining squads once the season is underway and is much sooner than the usual August 31.
So when will the 2018 summer transfer window close?
August 9.
What are the rules?
Deals can be agreed on the day and sent to authorities before that time.
Some paperwork is concluded the next day.
Fewer deals tend to be done in January, but clubs who need to make pre-season signings are often made to pay inflated prices.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Do these changes affect other leagues?
No, the rule only applies to Premier League clubs and has no bearing on other leagues and competitions.
These are some clear favorites among investors for 2017. All things Russian and Indian are popular, as are Brazilian corporate bonds and Mexico's cheap peso.
The top calls for this year are centered on markets where the political climate is improving and assets are less vulnerable to external shocks arising from higher US borrowing costs and incoming president Donald Trump's policy announcements, Bloomberg wrote.
Russia
For investors that borrow in currencies with low interest rates and buy high yielding ones, Russia's ruble is a top bet. UBS Group AG said the ruble's carry trade could potentially return 26 percent over the next 12 months, the most among developing EMEA peers. Aside from having relatively high interest rates, Russia is benefiting from rising oil prices. That helps make its equity market an ‘obvious candidate' for NN Investment Partners.
South Africa
Some investors see President Jacob Zuma's power waning, boosting the appeal of South African stocks and bonds, especially given that some say the country will probably avoid a debt downgrade.
Mexico
The currency is the most attractive among developing Latin American peers. Not only is the peso cheap, it will benefit from a hawkish Banxico and a U.S. presidency that's less protectionist than expected, says Enrique Diaz-Alvarez, chief risk officer at Ebury Partners.
Brazil
Petrobras bonds are ‘still cheap', Banco do Brasil's Coco bonds have upside and Samarco is an aggressive bet as the company will likely resume operations this year and renegotiate its bonds, says Carlos Gribel, the head of fixed income at Andbanc Brokerage in Miami.
Chile
The nation's stocks will benefit from rising copper prices and the prospect of more business-friendly policies after 2017's presidential election, according to Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and BTG Pactual Group.
India
Given the possibility of a protectionist turn from the US under Trump this year, the South Asian nation's assets are looking increasingly attractive. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's November decision to withdraw high-denomination bills may see a slowdown and prompt more interest-rate cuts, which will be good for bonds.
Indonesia
Many of the biggest companies on the benchmark share index are either domestically-focused consumer firms or miners, which should benefit if coal and nickel prices keep rising in 2017. Indonesia's higher-yielding bonds are a perennial investor favorite, especially since the current-account deficit has narrowed significantly in the last few years, making the country much less vulnerable to higher US borrowing costs than it was during the taper tantrum of 2013.
LAKE WORTH, Fla. - A person was struck by a freight train late Friday in Lake Worth, officials said.
Palm Beach County Fire Rescue officials said the person was hit by an industrial locomotive just after 10 p.m. at N G Street and Lucerne Avenue.
The victim was transported to St. Mary's Medical Center in West Palm Beach, where the person's was listed in critical condition.
Teri Barbera, a spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, said incident appeared to an accident and the victim is expected to survive.
Several people have been killed by trains in South Florida in recent weeks, prompting public officials and train operators to urge the public to be more mindful of train crossings as the region is seeing more rail traffic.
The Brightline, a high-speed commuter train that can reach speeds up to 79 mph, debuted last month with service from West Palm Beach to Fort Lauderdale.
Two people have been killed and another was hurt after they ignored warnings and tried to cross as the Brightline trains were approaching, authorities said.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I came across a wonderful piece of archive film this week, courtesy of a Facebook page entitled The Baseball Ground. As you will have quickly deduced it is all about memories of the Rams' former home.
The film was put together by a chap called Doug Smith, and anyone who remembers walking to the ground will find it mouth-watering, especially if those memories stretch back further than the Lord Justice Taylor Report which, in the wake of the Hillsborough Stadium Disaster, recommended that all grounds in the top two divisions should be all-seated by August 1994 (later extended by a year).
The Baseball Ground became all-seater by the due date. It reduced the capacity to 18,300, and when one looked around it was now hard to imagine that, in September 1969, 41,826 spectators had wedged themselves in for the visit of Spurs.
When this bit of film was shot in the mid-1970s there were no safety fences and certainly no seats on the terraces where generations of Rams fans had stood to watch their heroes, from Bloomer to Boulton, Goodall to Gemmill, and all those great names in between.
The film shows spectators walking to the Baseball Ground. There is some footage of play – Francis Lee kicks-off against what looks like QPR, and there is also action from a home match against Leicester City – but it isn't the football that is so absorbing, it is the scenes in the streets outside, on the terraces and in the stands.
Fans stroll down Shaftesbury Crescent to shouts of “Golden Goal!” from lottery ticket sellers, the public address plays the refrain: “We are the champions!” and friendly looking police officers amble about, their thumbs tucked in their tunics. If there was crowd trouble it is apparent only when one miscreant is seen being escorted around the pitch by a bobby who has the offender's collar well and truly felt. There are apparently no stewards, and certainly no high-visibility jackets.
This is not to paint a picture that all was well at football grounds some 40 years ago, but it was before the real scourge of hooliganism in the 1980s, when local residents feared match days.
We were chatting in the pub about the changing “match day experience”. When sweet and fish ‘n' chip shops around the ground did most of their weekly trade in just three hours on a Saturday afternoon. When a man with a tray hanging round his neck walked around the pitch, and, with an unerring aim, could drop a packet of mints into the hands of someone 40ft back on the terrace, while the sixpence was passed down to him. When we relied on a man with a wooden board and set of numbers to keep us informed of the half-time scores.
This afternoon, when Brentford visit, we'll know every latest score from around the country almost before the back of the net has stopped quivering. That is if we can get a signal.
There were only 12,366 at the Baseball Ground to see Brentford, relegation-bound from the second tier, on April 10, 1993. The Rams took the lead in the tenth minute, when Paul Kitson waited for goalkeeper Graham Benstead to commit himself, then steered the ball over his head and into the empty net.
On the stroke of half-time, Brentford equalised when the impressive Marcus Gayle beat Martin Taylor from close range after some poor Rams defending.
It was 70 minutes before Derby regained the lead. The danger began with Dean Sturridge's long run down the inside-right position. The Bees' Keith Millen managed to get a foot to the ball but Marco Gabbiadini was on to it in a flash, blasting home a superb shot.
Within a minute the Rams were 3-1 ahead. Seeing Benstead – who was now handicapped by a thigh injury that was heavily bandaged – off his line, Paul Simpson lobbed the ball over his head. Benstead, going back, managed to get a hand to it but could not keep it out.
In the 75 minute, Millen headed home to Taylor's right to complete the scoring at 3-2.
The Rams finished eighth – and we were still blissfully ignorant of dodgy wi-fi signals.
Once again, we are invited to bear witness to a miracle: the annual resurrection of the Music Academy of the West Festival Orchestra as a world-class ensemble from a group of brilliant young musicians, most of whom have never met each other before, let alone played a complicated score together under a single baton. Yet, as we shall see and hear at 8 p.m. Saturday in the Granada Theatre, it is a safely predictable miracle.
This year, as it has for the five years previous, the baton will be wielded by the popular Larry Rachleff, music director of the Rhode Island Philharmonic and of Rice University's Shepherd School Orchestras in Houston.
The program Maestro Rachleff has chosen to christen this year's Festival Orchestra includes the Suite from Béla Bartók's 1918 mime-play, The Wonderful Mandarin, Opus 19, Claude Debussy's extended essay in descriptive musical prose, La mer (The Sea), and Maurice Ravel's schizophrenic memoir of Vienna, La valse.
An interesting program, you will agree. It will certainly give our young virtuosos something to chew on — like tigers in the Bartók and the Ravel, more like grazing ungulates in the Debussy — and will make for a lively commencement exercise as they graduate into the big time.
Notwithstanding the fact that the two French composers are pillars of the Impressionist school, it is likely to be the work of the Hungarian, of a different school altogether, that makes the biggest impression on us. The last time I heard the Academy Orchestra play The Wonderful Mandarin, conducted by Lawrence Leighton Smith (as a “Guest Artist,” years after he had retired as the Academy Music director), it was one of the most exciting concert experiences I have ever had. I have no doubt that Rachleff and the reborn Festival Orchestra will deliver an equal measure of excitement and musical value.
Bartók wrote The Wonderful Mandarin between 1918 and 1924, and it was premiered Nov. 27, 1926, in Cologne, Germany. It was his third and last significant work for the stage. The first two, Bluebeard's Castle (1911, 1918) and The Wooden Prince (1917), had gotten the composer in trouble, for one reason or another (mainly musical and political).
The Mandarin caused a scandal, too, but although it has a much more turbulent score than either of the earlier works, it was not a musical scandal but a social one. Audiences objected to the extreme sordidness of the story itself — a tale of three nogoodniks who use an attractive girl to lure men into their clutches to rob them. (Audiences also rejected Alban Berg's Lulu on the same grounds — there's no pleasing some people!) After a series of performances ending in noisy rows, Bartók withdrew the stage work and prepared an orchestral suite, using about two-thirds of the music of the mime-play. The suite was a hit from the first, and has been in the concert repertory ever since.
Tickets to the Festival Orchestra concert are $48, $38 and $15. They can be purchased by phone at 805.969.8787 or online by clicking here. Tickets are also available from the Granada box office at 805.899.2222.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . The opinions expressed are his own.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
West Ham United 0 Manchester United 2
Manchester United's winning run marched on into the new year at the London Stadium with a tight, lop-sided but still oddly inevitable 2-0 defeat of West Ham pegged out around two decisive moments. The first was a Mike Dean joint, the Premier League's most theatrically interventionist referee choosing to send off Sofiane Feghouli with 13 minutes gone after a challenge with Phil Jones that saw both men tackle strongly but fairly.
With the match scoreless at half-time José Mourinho then intervened, demonstrating the muscle in this United squad by bringing on Juan Mata and Marcus Rashford, who combined for the opening goal. Zlatan Ibrahimovic's second, lashed in from an offside position continued his own sublime run of form, a 12th goal in as many games that will no doubt once again have his critics, such as they are, eating their balls.
West Ham will feel hard done by after a game and well-drilled rearguard skewed by that early red card. But United continued to look like a team gathering some genuine momentum. Victory in a bitty game, 48 hours after their last, leaves them in sixth place, but playing here with a sense of strength in reserve.
There was a genuine stodginess to the early exchanges here on a chilly, clear, post-festive evening in east London. It was West Ham who brought the first waves of noise rolling around the distant ends of this vast open egg-shaped bowl, some slick interplay between Feghouli and Dimitri Payet putting Manuel Lanzini in space for a low shot that David De Gea plunged to palm wide.
With 14 minutes gone the key moment of the night arrived. Michail Antonio chested the ball back, Feghouli made an honest but not malicious attempt to reach the ball, as did Jones. Both men stretched. No studs were raised, although Jones came off slightly worse in the tangle. Mike Dean took his time then flourished – the word is apt – a straight red card. It was a poor decision, a referee interfering needlessly, and indeed ruinously in the flow of a match.
ADVERTISEMENT
It was at the very least a mistake of Olympian scale, fitting the sweeping gestures, the imperial hauteur of the match official, a referee who clearly feels each football match he attends is a spectacle made up of three interlocking forces, Team A, Team B and Mike D.
The red card switched the flow of possession. United kept the ball in midfield as West Ham fell back into a hard-pressing 4-3-2 shape. Mourinho had made five changes here, with Anthony Martial rested and Jesse Lingaard coming in. In theory the front line retained its balance of speed and mobility either side of Ibrahimovic, but on this wide pitch, against a team down to nine outfield players, the absence of Martial suddenly seemed poignant. Havard Nordveit was a fill-in at right back but United barely troubled him in the opening half-hour.
They should have scored with 34 minutes gone though. Ibrahimovic played a crossfield pass to Henrikh Mkhitaryan. His cutback found Antonio Valencia in the middle, but his scuffed shot was straight at Darren Randolph, who scooped it away on the line. The ball then trickled to Jesse Lingard who somehow managed to hit the post, completing a horrible double miss. On the touchline Mourinho looked appalled, whirling around in search of someone to share his disgust before noticing the rest of his dugout were 50 metres behind him in the elbow joint of this ill-shaped arena.
West Ham pressed back, Lanzini's curling shot drawing another nice clawing save from De Gea, after a jink and a pivot on the edge of the box. And a scoreless half-time came to the expected chorus of Mike Dean-related boos, only partly drowned out by an immediate blast of jarring and irrelevant music from the deafening stadium PA system.
Mourinho made the change at half-time that would prove decisive, bringing Carrick back into defence and sending on Mata for Matteo Darmian to lurk usefully just behind Ibrahimovic. Things continued to almost happen. Cheikhou Kouyaté escaped without a card after a horrible tackle on Henrikh Mkhitaryan. Antonio leapt prodigiously and almost got his head to Payet's free-kick from the right touchline.
As United dominated possession around the edge of the West Ham box Mourinho brought on Rashford for Lingard, sticking him out on the far left touchline to finally test that weak right side. Still West Ham fought gamely, Lanzini keeping the ball brilliantly in tight spaces and just on the hour skittering forward to put Antonio in on goal with a lovely little through pass. De Gea saved with his legs, but Antonio had time and space to find a corner. He really should have scored.
West Ham were duly punished two minutes later with a goal made and scored by Mourinho's two substitutes. Rashford ran at Nordveit, beat him twice, and laid back a neat little pass for Mata in space. His finish was instant and decisive, drawing a huge wave of pent-up relief from the away supporters.
United were cruising now as West Ham's energy levels sagged a little. Paul Pogba picked up a loose Payet pass and shot just wide. Andy Carroll entered finally to test that rejigged back line and immediately drew a little barging panic from Jones. United held on and with 78 minutes gone Ibrahimovic lashed in their second, a goal that summed up both West Ham's night and United's sense of ominous momentum.
(Guardian service)
NEW YORK — The Latest on Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif (all times local):
3:40 p.m.
Iran's foreign minister says somebody “fabricated” evidence that the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations used to back up the U.S. claim that Iran is arming Houthi rebels in Yemen.
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley took journalists in November and the Security Council in late January to see fragments recovered from missiles launched from Yemen into Saudi Arabia. The parts bore logos that the U.S. said indicated Iranian origin.
But Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif tells The Associated Press that a large missile part had the Iranian logo used on “cheese puffs” — not on military hardware.
Zarif says the part had the logo of “the Standard Institute of Iran.” He says that logo is put on consumer goods as a sign of quality, showing “that your cheese puffs will not give you a stomach ache.”
Zarif isn't saying that Haley fabricated the evidence, but that “somebody” did and she used it.
——
3:10 p.m.
Iran's foreign minister says the warring parties in Syria should accept the four-point peace plan that Iran put forward in 2013.
Mohammad Javad Zarif says in an interview with The Associated Press that Iran believes this plan “remains the only way for Syria to achieve peace.” The plan requires an immediate cease-fire, formation of “an inclusive government of national unity,” a new constitution and democratic elections.
But Zarif warns that “if people have the ultimate objective of changing the realities through political means that they couldn't do through military means, then that's another name for continuing this cycle of violence.”
He says “the obligation” of outside powers — including Iran, Russia, the U.S. and the U.N. Security Council — is “to facilitate the political solution and not to dictate it.”
—-
3 p.m.
Iran's foreign minister says Saudi Arabia's “young and ambitious leaders” were under the “illusion” they could score a quick victory in Yemen in three weeks.
Mohammad Javad Zarif made a pointed reference to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in an Associated Press interview. He says the Saudi-led coalition has bombed civilians in Yemen since the war began in 2015. Zarif is pointing to Sunday's attack on a wedding party that killed at least 20.
Zarif insists Iran is not supplying weapons to Shiite Houthi rebels who control the capital, Sanaa, and much of northern Yemen. He says they already have all the weapons they need.
He says Iran “would like everybody to stop attacking civilian areas,” including the Houthis firing missiles into Saudi Arabia.
—-
2:05 p.m.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is warning the Trump administration that pulling out from the Iran nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises.
He tells The Associated Press that if President Donald Trump withdraws, Iran would “most likely” abandon the deal as well. Zarif says Iran would no longer be bound by the deal's international obligations. That would free up Iran to resume uranium enrichment activity beyond the limits imposed by the 2015 nuclear accord.
Zarif says Iran would welcome reduced tensions on the Korean Peninsula. But he says Trump is showing that the U.S. “is not a trustworthy, reliable negotiating partner.” Zarif says that makes the U.S. “a rather unlikely partner” for any other global agreements.
On the first night of his first trip to Davos, Leo Varadkar found himself in some very exalted company at a dinner hosted by Bill and Melinda Gates, where guests included the Nobel peace laureate Malala Yousafzai.
We're not sure if Leo does embarrassment, but we hear he was ever so slightly mortified when arriving at his table to find the film director Richard Curtis sitting opposite. Curtis wrote and produced Love Actually, the schmaltzy English romcom that made our rookie Taoiseach all star-struck on a big trip to London during his first week in the job.
Bursting with excitement and enthusiasm as he walked into 10 Downing Street with the British prime minister, Theresa May, last year, he told her it was his first time in the famous building and was quite the thrill.
“I was reminded of that famous scene in Love Actually where Hugh Grant does his dance down the stairs,” Leo gurgled happily to Mrs May. “But apparently it wasn't filmed here, so I didn't get a chance to see the stairs.”
Bless.
His glee at finding himself in such famous surroundings made world headlines. So when Richard Curtis saw Varadkar (star-struck for the second time) on Wednesday night, he knew exactly who he was and was delighted to fill him in about Love Actually, Downing Street and filming the movie.
The main session Paschal attended was on global tax avoidance, although the session on ‘hope for elephants' sounded far more interesting
The dinner was held halfway up a mountain, in the delightfully named Shatzalp hotel. It could be reached only by a funicular railway; besides Leo, the former US secretary of state John Kerry and the singers will.i.am and Usher boarding it. We hear the Web Summit founder Paddy Cosgrave attended a party afterwards in the chalet of the PR supremo Matthew Freud.
On his second night in the Swiss Alps, Varadkar and Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe cohosted an IDA Ireland dinner for 70 executives at Hotel Grischa. The Taoiseach didn't hang around, as he wanted to attend an LGBT event nearby. When he got there he caused quite a stir, with a rush of people lining up to shake his hand.
One after the other they introduced themselves and their business. They were all executives from Mastercard. The Taoiseach was intrigued to find so many gay people working for the company.
Then an aide tracked him down – he hadn't turned up where he had been expected – and told him he'd gone to the wrong reception on the wrong floor.
Paschal, who stayed longer in Davos, seems to have had a far heavier schedule than his boss, including a lot of interviews with international networks. The main session he attended was on global tax avoidance, although the session on “hope for elephants” sounded far more interesting.
The Minister for Finance did quite well from his trip, though. He came away with a snazzy new anorak, courtesy of Bloomberg. Paschal was delighted with himself, as a good anorak is de rigueur for any self-respecting politician with ambition in Dublin Central, where Bertie Ahern made the garment his constituency trademark.
Davos duty: Paschal Donohoe seems to have had a far heavier schedule than his boss, including a lot of interviews with international networks. Photograph: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg
Renua-ing rivalries on abortion debate
Minister of State for Training and Skills John Halligan removed a very graphic abortion video from his Facebook page this week after it was posted there by a constituency rival in Waterford.
The Independent Alliance TD, who is pro-choice, says he didn't know the video was on his page until a distressed woman member of his local team contacted him about it. It was posted by Lee Walsh, who failed to get elected for Renua in last year's general election and is set to run for the party next time out.
“If somebody attacks me politically on social media, I leave it up there – I'm not afraid of a debate. But a number of women rang me this week about the video. One of them said her friend had lost a baby, and when she saw the video up on my Facebook page she was horrified. I felt I had to take it down because some of the people were so upset.”
Halligan says he was going to complain to Renua but decided not to bother. “I haven't tried to contact Lee Walsh or his party. You can't argue with fundamentalists, that's my view.”
The Minister says the people sending him such material know exactly where he stands and how he will vote. But he believes that politicians who have not yet made up their minds on the abortion issue are going to come under unacceptable pressure from interest groups.
“This is not about holding a particular opinion. For example, Mary Butler” – the Fianna Fáil TD for Waterford – “is very reasonable, and while I wouldn't share her view, I totally respect her and would be happy to debate her any time.”
He says it is “incredible” and “horrible” that a member of a political party in Waterford would post such an offensive video. “This is not reasonable debate. It doesn't bother me, but I worry about people who are on the margins and wavering about what to do. What sort of pressure will they be put under?”
Halligan says he is keeping a record of all the offensive posts.
Delaying tactics or a right to speak?
With the Government holding fast to its late-May deadline for a referendum on repealing the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution, a lot of legislative groundwork has to be done before then. It has been suggested in some political quarters that opponents of repeal will try to delay the referendum until the summer, when students and younger voters are more likely to be abroad.
When Dáil statements on the report of the Oireachtas committee on abortion took place at the end of January, the session ran out of speakers with nearly 2½ hours to spare. In this situation, with no vote required and no more TDs offering to speak, the relevant Minister usually brings the debate to a close with a concluding speech.
But when the Leas-Ceann Comhairle tried to conclude the session, Mattie McGrath said that he had intended to speak the following week and that other deputies had gone home early that day because they also thought they would have time to speak another day.
A number of TDs in the chamber expressed frustration, pointing out that anyone who wanted to speak had had ample time. But Deputy McGrath argued that the order paper said the debate would be “adjourned”, rather than “concluded”, if no speakers were left, leading some Deputies to think they could leave and speak another day.
In the end the Ceann Comhairle was summoned to pass judgment. He said it was for the business committee to decide if more time was needed.
The committee met on Thursday, and Mattie brought up the abortion committee statements, arguing that some TDs would be prevented from speaking on a hugely important subject. After some discussion it was suggested that more time could be made available next Thursday. Mattie objected, saying this would be unfair on rural TDs who wanted to speak about abortion but also wanted to return early to their constituencies.
It was pointed out that 15 hours had already been given for statements and 80 TDs took the opportunity to speak. There would also be more time to debate abortion when the referendum Bill and legislation framework are before the House.
In the end the matter was put back for discussion next week with a consensus view that another hour or so could be made available. The feeling around the table was that nobody should be prevented from speaking on such an important issue but this should not delay progress on the referendum and speakers should stick to the subject of the committee report.
Abortion debate: Ceann Comhairle Seán Ó Fearghaíl – shown launching the Oireachtas Vótáil100 programme of events to mark a century of women's suffrage – was summoned to decide how much more time TDs would have to discuss the Eighth Amendment. Photograph: Jason Clarke
Decision time gets nearer for Big Phil
Michael D isn't the only office holder whose intentions are unknown. Will he or won't he decide to try for another stint in Áras an Uachtaráin?
President Higgins will have to let us know by September at the very latest. Phil Hogan, on the other hand, has a bit more time to play with. Does our EU commissioner want a second term in Brussels? He certainly seems to be enjoying the gig and is very well got around Europe.
Big Phil was in Dublin on Thursday to address the AEJ, which is either the Association of European Journalists or the Association of Elderly Journalists. (We're not quite sure which.) He held forth on Brexit and other matters, and a very good luncheon was had by all.
And people fell to thinking, How long has the former minister and TD for Carlow-Kilkenny got left in his current position?
Not that long, it turns out. His term officially ends on October 31st, 2019, but the process to find our next EU commissioner starts far earlier than that. The Taoiseach – whoever that may be – will nominate somebody next June or July. It isn't a good idea to hold off naming the commissioner until the last minute, as it usually means the plum portfolios have already been bagged by the early starters, who had a chance to set out their stalls.
A scenario gaining traction is that, should the Europhile Leo come out on the wrong side of the election, he would be a popular choice to replace Jean-Claude Juncker
Talk has already started in Dublin about whether Big Phil wants to stay on – and if not, who might replace him. If Fine Gael's wily political fixer decides to go again, and if Leo is still Taoiseach, he should have that second term in the bag. For starters, Phil backed the right horse in the leadership race. And if, as seems certain, there is a general election between now and the appointment of the next commissioner, Hogan will be a key player in Fine Gael's election strategy.
Should Leo triumph, Big Phil will have his reward.
But if Micheál Martin brings Fianna Fáil over the line, the view in the party is that nothing would please the Clare TD Timmy Dooley more than, one day, being called Commissioner Dooley.
There are some in Fine Gael who say Hogan is not going to run again. “He doesn't need the money, and he has offers to sit on several boards. The travelling is a killer. He wants to wind down,” says one Fine Gael insider.
“Not at all,” says another, who also knows Big Phil. “He'd love to be back in Europe. He might have found it a bit tough at the start, but he's flying now.”
Were he to bow out there would be no shortage of takers in Fine Gael. A commissionership would be a nice ending to Richard Bruton's political career, with the possibility that Brian Hayes MEP, who is returning to live in Bruton's Dublin Bay North constituency, might slot into Richard's seat.
Or perhaps, postelection, Simon Coveney might see himself suited to the commission and the capitals of Europe.
Most intriguing of all, in a scenario that is gaining traction here and in Europe, is the suggestion that the Europhile Leo, should he come out on the wrong side of the election, would be a youthful but popular choice in Europe to replace Jean-Claude Juncker.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Glastonbury staff are working closely with police to make sure the festival is "the most safe place that it can possibly be" in the wake of the terror attacks in London and Manchester, co-organiser Emily Eavis has said.
More than 150,000 people will flock to Worthy Farm in Somerset next week for the music and arts event and Eavis, the daughter of festival founder Michael, said every precaution is being taken to keep them safe.
She told BBC 6Music: "We have had a lot of security meetings in the last couple of weeks and our head of security, who is also in charge or the operations here, he is incredibly experienced in this area so we have put in place lots of extra provisions and extra security checks.
"We have sent an email out to the public to let them know that coming in will take a bit of extra time this year because we are going to doing extra searches and you will notice that on the way in, there will be extra space made for those searches to take place and some extra security and police."
She added: "We are working very closely with the police and we just want to make it as safe as possible and you can rest assured we have got the best team making sure that happens and that it's the safest place that it can possibly be."
This year's event is being headlined by Radiohead, Foo Fighters and Ed Sheeran while Hollywood star Johnny Depp was recently added to the bill.
The Pirates Of The Caribbean star, 54, is the guest of honour at a new drive-in movie area, Cineramageddon.
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market by Product Type (Linear PEGs, Branched PEGs, Multi-arm PEGs ) by Application /End User (Pharmaceutical Intermediates, Medical Devices ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/activated-polyethylene-glycol-peg-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market : Product Type
• Linear PEGs
• Branched PEGs
• Multi-arm PEGs
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market : End User / Application
• Pharmaceutical Intermediates
• Medical Devices `
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/activated-polyethylene-glycol-peg-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
US president Donald Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice, the Washington Post reported on Wednesday, citing unnamed officials.
Mr Mueller is investigating alleged Russia interference in the 2016 US presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign.
Former FBI director James Comey told Congress last week he believes he was fired by Mr Trump to undermine the agency's Russia inquiry.
Reuters
TORONTO - At least 10 people have died after a man plowed a white rental van into a crowd of pedestrians in Canada's biggest city Toronto on Monday, in what police dubbed a "deliberate" attack.
The incident took place in broad daylight around 16 kilometers (10 miles) from a conference center hosting a meeting of G7 ministers, but officials said they had no evidence of a link to the event.
"The actions definitely looked deliberate," Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders told journalists.
Ralph Goodale, the minister of public security, added that "on the basis of all available information at the present time, there would appear to be no national security connection to this particular incident."
"Horrible day in Toronto," he had posted earlier on Twitter. "Senseless violence takes heavy toll."
Police arrested a suspect at the scene -- who police identified later than 25-year-old Alek Minassian from a northern Toronto suburb -- of the attack, whose initial death toll of nine jumped to 10 after one person succumbed to injuries.
Fifteen people remained in hospitals throughout the city, Saunders said, adding that local, provincial and federal investigators were probing the case.
At the scene, at least three bodies could be seen under orange sheets and a long stretch of road was sealed off with police incident tape.
The suspect and a police officer faced off, their guns drawn. The suspect eventually surrendered his weapon and was taken into custody.
Vehicle attacks have been carried out to deadly effect by extremists in a number of capitals and major cities, including London, Paris, New York and Nice.
Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said the G7 meeting would continue as planned into Tuesday, with officials discussing ways to secure democratic societies from foreign interference.
"The work of the ministers obviously goes on. This is a very sad day for the people of Toronto and the people of Canada," she said.
- 'Really fast' -
Officers were called to the scene -- on Yonge Street at the corner with Finch Avenue -- around 1:30 pm (1730 GMT), police said.
A white rental van with a dented front bumper was stopped on the sidewalk of a major intersection, surrounded by police vehicles.
"He was going really fast," witness Alex Shaker told CTV television.
"All I could see was just people one by one getting knocked out, knocked out, one by one," Shaker said. "There are so many people lying down on the streets."
Another witness, Jamie Eopni, told local Toronto television station CP24: "It was crashing into everything. It destroyed a bench. If anybody was on that street, they would have been hit on the sidewalk."
- 'Deliberate' but no terror link -
Though the act seemed "deliberate," officials did not identify a terror link.
Canada has only rarely been the scene of terror attacks.
In October, a man stabbed a police officer in the western city of Edmonton before slamming his van into a group of pedestrians, hurting four people.
And in Quebec in October 2014, a Canadian man ran over two soldiers in a parking lot with his car, killing one of them. The driver was shot dead by police when he attacked them with a knife.
In March 2016, a Canadian who claimed to have radical Islamist sympathies attacked two soldiers at a military recruitment center in Toronto.
“Many people buying holiday homes in Wexford purchase with a view to ultimately retiring here,” says Colum Murphy of Kehoe & Associates, for whom the holiday-home market represents 25 per cent of its business.
While the summer season is short at just eight weeks, it sees the population of Gorey triple. From the beginning of May, there is an increase in the numbers weekending and this continues until the end of September, says Ciara Slattery of Gorey-based Warren Estates. “The lion's share of the buyers coming to Gorey from Dublin are downtraders. They have sold a principal house in Dublin for a strong price and are moving to a smaller house. Prices for a good three-bedroom semi here start from €200,000, while a larger, detached bungalow on its own grounds and a few miles outside the town will cost from €250,000.”
Currently there are just over 1,000 properties for sale in Wexford on MyHome.ie, and while the housing stock varies, apartments comprise only four per cent and one per cent is accounted for by mobile homes.
The main holiday hotspots are within a few miles of the county's famed sandy beaches. In Gorey, good places to look include nearby Tara Hill and Mount Alexander, about equidistant from Ballymoney and Courtown, Slattery says.
Morriscastle beach is about 3km from Kilmuckridge and the village of Cahore is adjacent to South Beach. Both have caravan parks where you can sample the slower pace of life and where there are four-bed properties for sale from about €250,000.
Further south again is Curracloe which offers village life, surfing and pine-forest walks through Raven Point reserve where a greenway is planned to link it to Wexford town, and on south to Rosslare Strand, says Tony Larkin, deputy chief executive of Wexford County Council.
Rosslare Strand is home to Kelly's Resort and a number of low key restaurants and cafes. It feels as though half of south Dublin decamps here from June on, once the primary schools close. Further south again on Carnsore Point is St Helen's Resort and Carne beach.
GREAT ESCAPES
Country charm
Tara Ballaisc, €200,000
Tara Ballaisc
Tara Ballaisc in the heart of Kilmore village, about 3km inland from fishing hub Kilmore Quay and its marina, is a traditional three-bed cottage with a half-door and a reed roof by master thatcher Matt Whelan. Dating back to the early 1800s, the 96sq m property has been extended. The rear is west-facing. €220,000 through Kehoe & Associates.
Beachside basic
Ard na Greine, €200,000
Ard na Greine
Ard na Greine is a wooden chalet set into the dunes on the beach in Kilbegnet Lower, north of Ballymoney. The 60sq m bungalow has three bedrooms, a small galley kitchen and a gorgeous west-facing deck but no heating so while summer days will feel warm and wonderful the winter may be just too harsh to tolerate. €200,000 through Warren Estates.
Seaside chic
Roney Beach, €400,000
Roney Beach
Half-way between Courtown and Ballygarret is Roney Beach, a private gated estate of about 14 properties. Number 10 is a four-bed detached property of 225sq m with pedestrian access to the beach from beside the estate. The dormer-style residence has a double-height reception room with cross-beams and superb sea views from the balcony off one of the bedrooms. €400,000 through agents Warren Estates.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Ceramic Ball Valve Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143456/request-sample
Ceramic Ball Valve market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Ceramic Ball Valve Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Ceramic Ball Valve industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Ceramic Ball Valve Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Ceramic Ball Valve market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-ceramic-ball-valve-market-professional-survey-report-143456.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Ceramic Ball Valve market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Ceramic Ball Valve market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Ceramic Ball Valve industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Ceramic Ball Valve market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer, along with first-timer David Guthrie, are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the NBA Finals.
The league announced the group Wednesday.
Callahan has worked 19 games in the Finals and Mauer has worked 18. This will be the 15th Finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer.
Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers, James Capers, Marc Davis, Scott Foster, John Goble, Ed Malloy, Jason Phillips, Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba.
Taiwan's Foxconn has approached Apple about a potential joint bid for Toshiba's flash memory business in what could be a $28 billion takeover battle.
According to sources, Foxconn – officially know as Hon Hai Precision Industry – has sought the backing of the iPhone maker to strengthen its position in a bidding war that has evoked strong national pride and a backlash against Japanese technology falling into the hands of foreign rivals. The American group has yet to respond.
Toshiba's chip division has already drawn offers from US chipmaker Broadcom, which partnered with Silver Lake; Western Digital, a chip venture partner with Toshiba; and South Korea's SK Hynix. Foxconn has indicated it might be willing to pay as much as $28 billion, according to people involved in the talks.
Foxconn, which pulled off a $3.5 billion takeover of Japanese consumer electronics group Sharp last year, is also tapping into close ties between its founder Terry Gou and Masayoshi Son, the chief executive of Japanese internet group SoftBank, to seek financing support from Japanese lenders. But SoftBank, which owns UK chip designer Arm Holdings, is unlikely to become directly involved in the bid, another person close to the company said.
The sale of Toshiba's NAND flash memory business, valued at $18 billion or more, is considered critical to the survival of the loss-making Japanese industrial conglomerate. Doubts have risen about Toshiba's future as a going concern after its US nuclear unit Westinghouse filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last month.
- (Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017)
While one's home oral hygiene routine provides defence against tooth decay and gum disease, regular professional care from the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist is also a necessity.
[LONDON, 4/7/2018] – A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can provide the full range of oral health care. Cosmetic dentistry, urgent repairs and restorations, and regular preventive treatments are all on offer from the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist.
Different kinds of treatment
The twice-yearly visit to the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist is a crucial part of good oral health. When gum disease and tooth decay begin to take hold, the early signs are too discreet for the patient to notice at home. The skill and experience of a Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist means they can intervene with treatment before disease causes unnecessary harm. The Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can also advise the patient on how to adjust their tooth brushing regime to maximise its effectiveness.
Aesthetic reasons often cause people to visit the Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist. Chipped teeth and tooth discolouration are common occurrences that can negatively affect the way a person feels about their appearance. Treatment for these conditions is speedy and effective.
The teeth whitening process turns a funny-looking smile into one that's fresh and bright. Patients can select the particular shade of white they want for their smile, and the straightforward procedure leaves them with a fresh-feeling mouth.
Improvements
When a person has one or more teeth missing in London, they can have legitimate oral health concerns as well as cosmetic dissatisfaction. Gaps in the smile are usually not pleasant to look at. A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist has a range of tooth replacement methods including bridges and dentures. Dental implants are joined with the patient's jawbone to provide properly anchored replacement teeth that do their jobs with natural stability.
Looking ahead
A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist can enhance the alignment of a patient's teeth to improve their effectiveness as well as their appearance. Modern-day braces and aligners are designed to be nearly invisible, so the patient avoids the social discomfort associated with traditional metal braces.
A Harley Street Dental Clinic dentist aims to improve a person's overall health by professionally caring for their teeth and gums.
The X-Men story is mutating, demons are more possessive than ever, and a starship commander's personal problems follow him into deep space. There's a lot happening this season on FOX — and we're getting a sneak peek.
Scott Grimes (as Gordon Malloy): “This should be a real fun trip for all of us.”
Excitement is building for the upcoming season on FOX. Seth MacFarlane's new sci-fi comedy, “The Orville,” premieres Sept. 10.
Seth MacFarlane (as Ed Mercer): “We don't mean you any harm.”
Penny Johnson Jerald (as Dr. Claire Finn): “Well, we did just shoot his dad.”
Seth MacFarlane (as Ed Mercer): “Aside from shooting your dad.”
Seth MacFarlane: “This was percolating for a good chunk of time, I think, probably all the way back to high school. This is very much the show that I wanted to come out to Hollywood to do.”
Sean Teale (as Eclipse): “The X-Men, we don't even know if they exist anymore.”
Marvel's “The Gifted” brings a new twist to the “X-Men” mutant story.
Stephen Moyer: “There is no sort of stone left unturned in terms of just what they are doing. The sets are incredible, scripts are great.”
The sophomore season of “Star” will see more drama and the return of Benjamin Bratt.
Queen Latifah is thrilled!
Benjamin Bratt: “Reunited, and it feels so good.”
Queen Latifah: “See what I get every day?”
Taraji P. Henson (as Cookie Lyon): “You get knocked down, you get back up.”
“Empire” and “Star” both have crossover episodes.
Taraji P. Henson and and Terrence Howard are loving it.
Taraji P. Henson: “That's what makes us so unique, and I think that's why the show is what it is, because it's everybody adding to it instead of somebody behind a curtain saying, ‘This is what the show should be.'”
Maya Rudolph stars in the live, three-hour musical version of “A Christmas Story” based on the stage show — which is based on the classic movie.
Season 2 of “The Exorcist” takes place on a remote island, the “Lethal Weapon” guys say, “Expect more action,” and the cast of the new comedy “Ghosted” say the series will be inclusive when it comes to the spirit world.
Amber Stevens West: “We're going to encounter all sorts of different ghosts and goblins and monsters and, you know, the good ones and the not-so-good ones.”
Ally Walker: “That's right, and everybody has a nice side and a dark side. Maybe they're having a bad day.”
Ally Walker (as Capt. Lafrey): “Gentlemen, welcome to the Bureau Underground.”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Research Study Titled, “Cardiac Assist Devices Market By End User (Hospitals, Ambulatory And Surgical Centers) Product Type (Ventricular Assist Device (Vad) And Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump) & Modality (Transcutaneous And Implantable) – Global Industry Analysis And Forecast To 2023”, Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights
The Cardiac Assist Devices Market is expected to show considerable growth over the forecast period. Cardiac Assist Devices (CAD) is sort of mechanical pumps that work alongside the heart to enhance its pumping proficiency and keep up the ideal blood stream all through the body. Cardiovascular Help Gadgets can be portioned in three kinds ventricular help gadgets, intra-aortic inflatable pumps (IABPs) and aggregate artificial heart. Cardiac Assist Devices (CAD) is a mechanical pump which takes blood from a lower council of the heart and pumps it to the body and imperative organs. Ventricular gadgets are of two kinds right ventricular help gadget (RVAD), left ventricular help gadget (LVAD) and if both the ventricular assist devices are utilized they are known as biventricular help gadget (BIVAD). Intra-aortic inflatable pump is a kind of computer aided design gadget which increments myocardial oxygen perfusion and heart yield in the meantime. Total artificial heart is a gadget which replaces the lower assemblies of heart and recuperates coming up short heart by playing out all elements of an ordinary heart.
Request a Sample of this Report @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC061052
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
North America is expected to show considerable growth over the forecast period. Europe is the second biggest market following North America with second biggest most astounding predominance for heart sicknesses and increment in populace surpassing 60 – 65 years age group. Asia Pacific and Rest of the World are the areas including China, India, Brazil, Russia and South Africa has altogether huge number of underserved patients enduring with cardiovascular maladies consequently spoke to as future appealing markets for CAD.
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Berlin Herat GmbH, ABIOMED, Inc., MAQUET GmbH & Co. KG, Thoratec Corporation, Teleflex Incorporated, HeartWare International, Inc. and others. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Cardiac Assist Devices Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Others)
Table of Content:
Table of Contents
Introduction Executive Summary
2.1. Key Highlights
Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.1.1. Market Definition
3.1.2. Market Segmentation
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.2.3.1. Emerging Markets to Offer Lucrative Growth Opportunities
Market Analysis by Regions Cardiac Assist Devices Market, By Product Type
5.1. Introduction
5.2. Global Cardiac Assist Devices Sales, Revenue and Market Share by Product Type (2014-2018)
5.2.1. Global Cardiac Assist Devices Sales and Sales Share by Product Type (2014-2018)
5.2.2. Global Cardiac Assist Devices Revenue and Revenue Share by Product Type (2014-2018)
5.3. Ventricular Assist Device (VAD)
5.3.1. Global Ventricular Assist Device (VAD) Sales and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
5.4. Intra-aortic Balloon Pump
5.4.1. Global Intra-aortic Balloon Pump Sales and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
Cardiac Assist Devices Market, By Modality Cardiac Assist Devices Market, By End User Cardiac Assist Devices Market, By Region Company Profiles
9.1. Thoratec Corporation
9.2. MAQUET GmbH & Co.
9.3. Teleflex Incorporated
9.4. Heart Ware International
9.5. Berlin Heart GmbH
What Our Report Offer:
1) An extensive research study on the Global Cardiac Assist Devices Market, and its entire ecosystem, describes the market trends, drivers, restraints and opportunities of the Cardiac Assist Devices Market.
2) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products, procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise.
3) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, market strategies, and new product launches.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC061052
The All Blacks' coaching staff will use Thursday's game against Samoa as a full dress rehearsal for the majority of their frontline team in readiness for the first test against the Lions at Eden Park eight days later.
The exceptions are the injured duo of captain and number eight Kieran Read, and centre Ryan Crotty, whom the management hope will be fit next week. Read has been sidelined with a fractured thumb which is close to mending, while Crotty has a rib cartilage injury.
In Read's absence, another key member of the All Blacks' World Cup winning side, Hurricanes fullback Ben Smith will captain the side.
In the absence of Crotty, and not surprisingly after his match-winning performance for the Blues against the Lions, Sonny Bill Williams has been recalled for his first test since the World Cup final win over Australia, when his trademark offload led to Ma'a Nonu's match-clinching try.
Williams will be partnered by Anton Lienert-Brown while Smith will be flanked by Julien Savea, whose 45 Test tries puts him within four of Doug Howlett's record of 49 tries, and Israel Dagg.
Aaron Smith has fended off the challenge of TJ Perenara to partner World Player of the Year Beauden Barrett in the established halfback combination, and on the occasion of his 50th cap, the latter could be joined by his brothers Scott and Jordie in what would be a unique achievement by three brothers in an All Blacks test.
The latter, who plays alongside his brother at both centre and full-back, is in line for his debut along with another Hurricanes' teammate, Tongan-born lock cum blindside flanker Vaea Fifita.
In Read's absence Ardie Savea will start at number eight, a position which he has played a number of times this year for the Hurricanes, but never before in a test.
The options for Steve Hansen and co were restricted here as Liam Squire is still recovering from a broken thumb, while the coaches have chosen to keep Jerome Kaino at blindside, an indicator perhaps that Read will return next week.
As expected, the Crusaders hooker Codie Taylor starts in the absence of the brilliant Dane Coles, who has been sidelined for several months with concussion issues, in an otherwise first choice tight five.
Hansen said: “Whilst we asked for this game to help us prepare for the DHL New Zealand Lions Series, once it became a reality, it then took on its own importance - this is a Test match against a quality and very capable opponent. Samoa is about to kick off the qualifying stage of their Rugby World Cup campaign, so this will make them even more dangerous. The Samoans are always a challenge and will play with a high level of physicality and skill. At the very minimum, we will need to match that.”
“This first week has been about bringing together the players from the five different Super clubs and reintroducing them to the All Blacks way. We've had a good week and are really looking forward to this match.”
“It's going to be a unique night with two Tests being played at the same venue featuring four teams that are well known to New Zealand fans. It's a night that shouldn't be missed, as I'm picking there will be a lot of great rugby played so get on down there and show your support.”
NEW ZEALAND: Ben Smith (capt); Israel Dagg, Anton Lienert-Brown, Sonny Bill Williams, Julian Savea; Beauden Barrett, Aaron Smith; Joe Moody, Codie Taylor, Owen Franks; Brodie Retallick, Sam Whitelock; Jerome Kaino, Sam Cane, Ardie Savea.
Replacements: Nathan Harris, Wyatt Crockett, Charlie Faumuina, Scott Barrett, Vaea Fifita, TJ Perenara, Lima Sopoaga, Jordie Barrett.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolverhampton Wanderers fans are planning a heroes' welcome for the Championship champions outside Molineux this weekend.
A supporter driven idea has gathered pace on social media to form a guard of honour for the team bus ahead of Saturday's match against Sheffield Wednesday.
It is the final home fixture of a quite remarkable season and Wolves fans want to salute Nuno Espirito Santo's men with a "sea of gold and black" in Waterloo Road.
In recent weeks Wolves have clinched promotion, and landed the Championship title and will be presented with the trophy after Saturday's game.
As well as the celebrations inside the stadium, thew jubilant Molineux faithful are determined to party outside before the match.
For Saturday home games this season, the team coach has usually arrived about 1.30pm and has headed down Waterloo Road from the ring road.
Back on the April 7, Wolves fan Marc Evans tweeted out suggesting that supporters should welcome the bus on the final home game of the season.
At the time, his tweet got over 500 likes and since then, his idea has really gained momentum, with many fans taking to social media to say they'll be part of the heroes' reception.
Marc said: "Last Wolves home game of the season against Sheffield Wednesday, let's get as many fans as possible to fill up the Waterloo Road for when the coach arrives at the ground to show our appreciation to Nuno and the boys for giving us the best season. A sea of gold and black."
Here's what other Wolves fans had to say about it:
Kate Wright: I'm bursting with pride for this fantastic team. It's only right that we honour them a hero's welcome before their last home game of the season.
Mark Green: With the filth and passion they've blown us away with week in week out this season a guard of honour as they arrive from the fans is a fitting tribute of respect and love.
(Image: Georgie Croft)
Jon Hancock: What better way to finish off the season than standing side by side with friends and thanking the whole team for what they have given us this season. They have bought the pack back together.
Phil Bradley: This has been far and away the best season I've seen from Wolves since my first game in 1981.
This is our chance to thank the players and coaching staff for their part in that. Line the streets with a sea of colour and noise ahead of the presentation of the trophy.
It's also a chance for those who've not been able to get tickets to pop along and play their part as well”
Ian Powell: We always show our appreciation for the team we love, but this season I feel we got some of the love back. One man above all has demonstrated this week in week out with his love for the fans. Nuno will be forever in our hearts and this will be just one of many of our demonstrations of thanks to this beautiful man.
MORE WOLVES NEWS
Gareth Southgate has admitted that he'll be keeping an eye on Conor Coady in the Premier League - and if the Wolves sweeper can continue his sparkling form there could be an England call up on the cards.
Coady has been something of an unsung hero this season as Wanderers stormed to the Championship title - unless you're a fan who appreciates his work week in, week out.
Nuno Espirito Santo has fashioned the Scouser into a player who sits in between Willy Boly and Ryan Bennett (or Danny Batth) and it's a role Coady has taken to with aplomb.
His efforts were also recognised when he was named in the division's team of the year recently, along with teammates John Ruddy and Ruben Neves.
Now England manager Southgate has confirmed he'd be open to calling the former Huddersfield man up to the national side if he can prove his worth at Molineux in the top flight.
The England gaffer believes Coady has an attitude that matches what he looks for when he names his squads.
“All the signs this year have been really good for him. I met Conor a number of times before I was working with the under-21s,” Southgate told the Daily Mirror.
“I was head of elite development and Conor was part of our junior teams and I remember when he was at Liverpool he won an award.
“His personality and his character is outstanding.
“He is certainly someone that, mentality-wise, fits into the way we like to work.
“The challenge now for him is to step up to the Premier League and to be able to continue to play as he has for Wolves this year at the next level.”
Keep it up!
Coady hopes that the Wolves success will carry on for years to come.
The defender has been at the heart of the Molineux revival this season and has adapted to his new sweeper role in impressive fashion.
The club is looking forward to welcoming Sheffield Wednesday at the weekend, knowing that post match they will be holding aloft the Championship trophy.
Coady hopes that this is just the start of the success at the club as they look forward to next season in the top-flight.
"We're in a lovely position and I always enjoy playing football but you've always got that pressure on your shoulders that you've got to go out and perform.
“We've got to where we wanted to be, so we can go and enjoy it now.
“We're looking forward to next season - we're enjoying the moment that we're in now because it's no mean feat getting promoted from the Championship with it being such a tough division,” Coady continued.
“To do it the way we have, is excellent! I always had belief in this club that it was going to move forward. There's a great infrastructure in place now from top to bottom.
“Hopefully that continues for many years, we've got some fantastic players, we've got a fantastic manager who plays the right way and wants to do it the right way and I'm hoping that it will go on for many years at this football club.”
Myanmar's de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been greeted by street protests in Australia over her response to the Southeast Asian country's ongoing violent campaign against persecuted Rohingya Muslims.
The protests were attended by Rohingya supporters and human rights activists who chanted "Go Home Aung San Suu Kyi" and were held as Suu Kyi arrived in Australia's most populous city, Sydney, for a summit of Southeast Asian leaders over the weekend.
Suu Kyi has been under fire internationally for her public silence about a military crackdown against the Rohingya in Myanmar's Rakhine state. A Nobel Prize winner, Suu Kyi has seen several international honors she was given in the past revoked. Several fellow Peace Prize winners have also publicly condemned her.
Suu Kyi has done virtually nothing to stop the crimes committed by the military against the Rohingya.
Suu Kyi's government has also snubbed and obstructed UN officials who have sought to investigate the situation and it has prevented aid agencies from delivering food, water and medicines to the refugees.
During her Australian visit, Suu Kyi also held talks with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in Canberra. There was no press conference with Turnbull or any public comment from Suu Kyi during her brief visit to the Australian capital on Monday.
However, Suu Kyi on Monday pulled out of a public speech and question-and-answer session in Sydney because she was "not feeling well.” She had been due to make a speech at the Lowy Institute think-tank in Sydney on Tuesday.
"This afternoon the Lowy Institute was informed by the Myanmar embassy that the State Counsellor will no longer be able to participate in this event as she is not feeling well," a spokeswoman for the think-tank said in a statement.
"Accordingly, the event is now canceled."
The speech and subsequent Q and A session would have been the only public comments Suu Kyi would have made during her Australia trip.
Since late 2016, Myanmar's armed forces joined by Buddhist mobs have been engaged in a campaign of terror against Muslim families living in Rakhine, killing them, torching their houses and forcing hundreds of thousands of them to flee.
Many have settled in camps in neighboring Bangladesh. Thousands remain on a stretch of land known as the no-man's-land between Myanmar and Bangladesh.
Some 700,000 Rohingya have been driven into neighboring Bangladesh since last August by a major army crackdown.
The United Nations has said it has strong suspicions that “acts of genocide” have taken place against the Rohingya.
In their absence, Myanmar has been bulldozing Rohingya villages, according to satellite imagery, and in what rights groups have described as a campaign to destroy scenes of potential crimes against humanity.
They were on weekend deployment at the Calloway County National Guard location.
Four Kentucky National Guard soldiers have been charged in a sexual assault investigation in west Kentucky.
Anthony Tubolino, Tyler Hart, Austin Dennis, and Jacob Ruth have been arrested on various charges in the sexual assault investigation. They were arrested on June 3.
Tubolino was charged with the most counts, including second degree rape, second degree sodomy, an third degree unlawful transaction with a minor. The term "second degree" in this case refers to the victim being mentally incapacitated. According to Kentucky State Police spokesman Jody Cash, that means the victim was temporarily incapable of controlling their actions due to the influence of a substance that was given to them without consent. In this case, Cash said the allegations are that the substance was alcohol.
The victim was under 21 years old.
Hart is charged with first degree sexual abuse and second degree sodomy. Dennis and Ruth are also charged with second degree sodomy. The legal difference between sodomy and rape is that rape is traditional intercourse and sodomy is "deviant sexual intercourse" meaning orally or anally.
For the full breakdown, you can read Kentucky laws here.
The men were in Calloway County at the Kentucky National Guard on a weekend deployment. The sexual assault was reported to have happened in Calloway County overnight on June 2nd.
The victim went to the hospital and reported the crime the next morning on June 3. All four men were arrested the same day.
They were held in the Calloway County Jail on $5,000 bond each. They all made bond.
KSP is not giving out much information, because of the nature of the charges and victim protection.
"We haven't and don't intend on releasing that location or generally where they were," said Jody Cash. "In this kind of investigations, we are very careful in order to protect the victim, including protecting (the) identity. That's part of the reason for the delay."
Cash said they released the arrest information more than a week later for the safety of the victim.
Staff Sgt. Scott Raymond with the National Guard said the four soldiers are still serving in the National Guard but are not on the Calloway County campus currently.
In a statement, Kentucky National Guard Maj. Gen. Stephen Hogan, Kentucky's adjutant general, said:
Sexual assault is not only a reprehensible act, it is a criminal act. First and foremost our goal is to support the victim of this incident. It is damaging to our morale, to our readiness and to our combat ability. It has no place in the Kentucky National Guard. It goes against all the values we hold dear as service members in the U.S. Military. The men and women of our organization are our greatest resource and we will do all we can to support the victim.
Raymond said that, if found guilt, they could face charges in military court, but he doesn't want to speculate at this time.
Dennis' preliminary hearing is set for July 5. Cash said that all the men charged could have the same preliminary hearing, but the others have not been scheduled yet.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Works will start tonight (14th February) on improvements to the railway line between Knockmore (south of Lisburn) and Lurgan.
The works will involve some late night service changes in both directions on the Belfast to Portadown line from Tuesday to Saturday nights.
The ballast replacement scheme is part of a £25m project funded by the Department for Infrastructure, with support from the Connecting Europe facility.
A total of 21 miles of track will be repaired, 10.5 miles in each direction, during the entire project. This phase involves three miles of twin track between Lisburn and Moira. The programme of works, when complete, will maintain the reliability of the line, remove speed restrictions to facilitate trains operating at 90mph on parts of the track, continued safe operation of the line, a more comfortable passenger experience with a smoother ride, reduced need for on-going essential engineering works and improved drainage.
The work will take place at night to avoid closing the line for extended periods. Noise will be kept to a minimum and a residents' helpline has been set up.
Service changes will affect the last train in both directions Tuesday to Saturday, which will be replaced with bus substitution.
Portadown to Belfast
· The 22:28 hours (10.28pm) Enterprise from Portadown to Belfast Central (Tuesday – Saturday) will now stop additionally at Lurgan 22:39 and Lisburn stations 22:56. (This train will connect with the 23:00 Lisburn to Bangor stopping service).
· 22:35 hours (10.35pm) train from Portadown to Lisburn (Tuesday – Saturday) will NOT operate.
· A 22:30 (10.30pm) bus substitution will operate from Moira to Lisburn (Tuesday – Saturday) and will connect with the 23:00 Lisburn to Bangor stopping service.
Belfast to Portadown
· 23:10 hours (11.10pm) train from Great Victoria Street to Portadown will be substituted by bus (Tuesday – Saturday)
On track machines, excavators, generators and site lighting will be used during the works.
A total of 60,000 tonnes of ballast (stone) will be replaced during these works, which will be undertaken by McLaughlin and Harvey contractors. The ballast cleaning machine is being hired from Irish Rail and the new ballast will be supplied by Tullyraine Quarries in Banbridge, Co. Down.
The Phoenix (7-4) won their fourth straight game overall and swept the season series with the Tornadoes (8-6), with CU taking a 61-60 victory on the road November 18.
Norris hit 7-of-14 field goals and collected four rebounds and four steals, helping Cumberland convert 17 Talladega turnovers into 19 points. The senior recorded a basket in the final minute of the first half and her layup plus the foul with 2:11 remaining put the Phoenix ahead, 58-48.
Kyra Tucker registered 12 points and Ant'Treasia Patton and Katherine Griffith each finished with nine. Goodrum netted six of her eight points at the foul line and grabbed a game-high 10 rebounds while Patton tallied seven boards as well.
Carla Clemmons was the only Talladega player in double figures, posting all 10 of her points in the first half. Jazsmin Nelson recorded eight and Tatyana Calhoun netted seven, but the Tornadoes could not get anything to fall, hitting just 15-of-50 shots overall, including 5-for-26 in the second half and 1-of-10 in the fourth quarter.
The Tornadoes netted the first four points of the game on a layup from Clemmons and a long jumper by Nelson. Patton's 3-pointer from the right wing tied the game at six for the Phoenix, but Clemmons made two field goals and 1-of-2 foul shots during a personal 5-0 run to put Talladega back ahead, 11-6, midway through the opening period.
A 15-footer by Nia Flowers and one free throw plus a baseline layup from Griffith knotted the contest at 11. Goodrum's layup and one foul shot by Patton finished an 8-0 run for Cumberland, but layups from Calhoun and Lyric Jordan put the Tornadoes ahead, 15-14, at the end of one period.
The teams went back-and-forth to start the second quarter, with baskets from Norris and Tucker giving the Phoenix an 18-16 edge, but Deshanna Cook's 3-pointer pushed Talladega back ahead.
Griffith picked up a loose ball in the paint and scored before a 3-pointer from the left wing by Norris. Tucker's runner in the lane plus the foul put Cumberland in the lead, 28-22, with just over four minutes left in the half.
Another runner by Tucker and two free throws from Goodrum extended the CU advantage to 33-24, but the Tornadoes netted six of the final eight points of the period. Jordan's old-fashioned 3-point play and one foul shot by Calhoun preceded two more free throws from Nelson, cutting the Cumberland lead to 35-30 at the break.
Norris and Tucker each scored nine points and Griffith added six off the bench for the Phoenix, who converted 11 Talladega turnovers into 15 points. Clemmons was the only player for either team in double figures with 10 points.
Patton's 3-pointer three minutes into the third quarter were the first points of the second half for CU and the Phoenix did not hit another field goal until a Patton layup with 2:34 left in the period, scoring just two points over almost five minutes. Cumberland committed four turnovers during that stretch, but Talladega did not fare much better, only getting as close as two.
Nelson made a jumper and two free throws by Courtnee Williams cut the CU lead to 38-36, but Norris extended the advantage with two foul shots of her own. Sydnee Clark's layup pulled the Tornadoes within two again before Patton's basket ended the scoring drought for CU.
Clark made another layup, making it 42-40, but layups by Griffith and Norris in the final minute pushed the lead to six to start the fourth quarter. Tucker started the final period with a wide open 3-pointer, but the Phoenix did not make another field goal for almost four minutes.
Talladega continued to miss shots and free throws until a 3-pointer in the left corner by Cook pulled the visitors within 52-46 with 6:06 remaining. Kaitlin Oliver, who was limited to just 12 minutes of action because of foul trouble, had a big putback for Cumberland on the ensuing possession and a jumper by Norris pushed the lead to 56-47 with 3:56 to play.
Goodrum gathered a loose ball and made a nice outlet pass to Norris for a layup and the foul with 2:16 left on the clock, all but sealing the victory for CU.
Cumberland will travel to Stillman College on Thursday for a 5:30 p.m. tip-off before playing host to Huntington University on Saturday at 1 p.m. in the team's final game before Christmas.
Aghori baba being served as world's famous Best Astrologer in Australia is well known the best astrology and vashikaran services has solved a thousand of cases succesfully. He also provides the best solution for your love problems, family problems, career related problems, lottery problems
Keysight Technologies and FuturePlus Systems announced today the pending availability of DDR5 DIMM Interposers for the UDIMM, SODIMM, RDIMM and LRDIMM JEDEC standards.
Bedford, NH, May 31, 2018 — Keysight Technologies and FuturePlus Systems announced today the pending availability of DDR5 DIMM Interposers for the UDIMM, SODIMM, RDIMM and LRDIMM JEDEC standards. “We have been able to provide early adopters the tools they need for the evaluation and debugging of the DDR standards since DDR1. DDR5 will be no different.” Stated Barbara Aichinger, Vice President of New Business Development.
In order for engineers to ensure that their memory busses are working correctly they need tools to capture very fast low power signals and analyze them for correct operation. Keysight Technologies and FuturePlus Systems have established themselves as the leader in this area working together for over 25 years on high speed validation and debug tools for the computer industry.
The challenge is to probe and capture the memory signals while the memory is installed in its target system running any software. This type of validation ensures that the memory subsystem will perform as intended in the end users environment like a server in a data center or an embedded memory chip in a cell phone. This is in contrast to the parametric testing of a memory chip or memory controller on a fixture, in a controlled environment lab, that is important but does not provide any insight into how both the memory controller and the memory chip will inter- operate ‘in the wild'.
The only logic analyzer fast enough, on the market today, for the high speed DDR5 signals is the U4164A from Keysight Technologies. Keysight has invested heavily in logic analysis while its competitors have dropped their high speed logic analyzer products. Only the U4164A will be able to capture the entire high speed DDR5 memory bus.
For more information on the U4164A Logic Analyzer visit the Keysight Technologies web site. For information on the
FuturePlus Systems line of DDR5 validation tools visit the FuturePlus Systems web site.
About Keysight Technologies:
Keysight Technologies Inc. (NYSE: KEYS) is the world's leading electronic measurement company, transforming today's measurement experience through innovation in wireless, modular, and software solutions. With its HP and Agilent legacy, Keysight delivers solutions in wireless communications, aerospace and defense and semiconductor markets with world-class platforms, software and consistent measurement science. The company's
9,500 employees serve customers in more than 100 countries. http://www.keysight.com/
About FuturePlus Systems:
FuturePlus Systems has been a Strategic Solutions Partner to Keysight Technologies and its predecessors Agilent Technologies and Hewlett-Packard for over 25 years. The two companies enjoy a close business relationship that involves engineering, marketing and sales. FuturePlus® products are available through Keysight Technologies and available directly from FuturePlus Systems and its international distributors. http://www.futureplus.com/
Contact:
Barbara Aichinger
FuturePlus Systems Corporation
15 Constitution Drive
Bedford, NH 03110
603-472-5905
Barb.Aichinger@FuturePlus.com
http://www.futureplus.com
Join our dedicated team of Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) experts in Rock Springs and throughout Wyoming! We are seeking team members who can provide effective intervention services to a wide variety of clientele.
We support and promote a strong work/life balance. We value your input and will listen to your feedback to improve our company. When you join Peak Behavioral Services, LLC you have the opportunity to help grow/expand our company.
We work as a team and greatly value new ideas. We strive to keep communication open, honest, transparent, and positive. We strongly believe in having a fun work environment that provides effective services throughout Wyoming.
Peak Behavioral Services, LLC provides a wide range of services to keep your skills fresh as well as help you grow professionally. All behavioral therapists will be supervised by a masters or doctoral level Board Certified Behavioral Analysts.
If you are interested in pursuing a career within the field of applied psychology, this could a phenomenal way to gain experience!
Apply Today!
POSITION SUMMARY:
Behavioral therapists implement one-on-one Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) based programs with developmentally delayed children (ages 2-12).
They provide home-based therapy and collaborate with a team of therapists and consultants to obtain learning goals and objectives.
RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:
Implementation of individualized programs (e.g., fine/gross motor skills, self-help skills, pre-academic skills, language/communication, social skills, etc.).
Provide direct client care in 1:1 ABA therapy utilizing a combination of intensive teaching (DTT) and natural environment training (NET).
Collaborate with therapists at team meetings.
Notate progress of each session.
Data collection/analysis.
Maintain client confidentiality.
Utilize safe and appropriate handling and guidance procedures when working with clients.
Be courteous & professional with families, organizations & children to represent Peak Behavioral Services in a positive light.
REQUIREMENTS:
A car and willingness to travel.
A minimum of high school diploma is required, but prefer a Bachelor's Degree in a related field (e.g., psychology, child development).
Ability to work independently.
Experience supporting
Willingness to take ABA coursework paid by Peak Behavioral Services, LLC to improve our services.
Ability to take the initiative to continually support our clients and improve our outcomes.
Maintain a clean, safe, and organized work and therapy environment.
You should be able to lift up to 25 lbs. routinely.
Some experience working with children.
To Apply
Email resume to brad@pkbehavior.com
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Berlin wary of inflaming Turkey relations in spite of poll concerns
Bullitt Group was delighted to let its new feature-packed CAT out of the bag
Bullitt Group continues to eye up the booming rugged smartphone market as the industry provides “huge opportunities” for rugged handset manufacturers.
Speaking on stage at the Data Select Platinum Club event, Bullitt director for applications and market intelligence Tim Shepherd discussed Bullitt's current portfolio with around 100 dealers.
Bullitt – whose partners include CAT, Land Rover and Kodak – specialises in catering for the rugged market and Shepherd pointed towards the resurgence in this segment as the market has seen growth of 25 per cent, according to CCS Insight.
CCS Insight figures estimated 30 million rugged devices were sold globally in 2017, with 36 million sales anticipated this year and an estimated 59 million by 2021.
Shepherd told attendees: “This is a segment of the market that has seen significant growth – around 25 per cent – at a time when the global smartphone market has plateaued as a trend.
“We see the rugged market as a huge opportunity and one that we're very excited by as we continue to build products for this space.”
Shepherd cited rugged phones as being 40 per cent more “cost effective” and 18 per cent “more productive” as the key reasons for the increase in this market.
“Rugged devices are significantly more cost effective for businesses to deploy and can elongate the device cycle which is good for retention and up-selling.
Shepherd showcased the company's latest flagship smartphone the CAT S61, which is supplied by the Caterpillar brand and set for release on July 5.
Addressing the audience, Shepherd claimed the S61 is the “toughest smartphone that we have ever shipped” and, like its predecessor the S60, it focuses heavily on thermal imaging which is relevant to the customer base it targets.
The S60 and S61 are the only smartphones in the world to integrate thermal imaging.
Shepherd added: “Our S60 product was a huge success for Bullitt and the major draw for people buying this device was the thermal imaging camera.
“With the S61, it has the capability to measure temperatures up to 400 degrees celsius, extending the range of use cases available and making it a valuable proposition.”
The S61 utilises two innovative features in the form of an indoor air quality sensor and a laser-assisted distance measure.
The air quality sensor enables users to see how well ventilated their working environment is and can send alerts with actions to overcome these.
According to Shepherd it will “improve health and wellness for customers”.
Customers will also be able to utilise the laser distance measurement which allows for easier planning when creating room plans and organising materials for jobs to do.
Commenting on this new feature, Shepherd added: “We've wanted to bring distance measuring into CAT phones for a long time as it is a relevant proposition for the type of customers we have.”
Importance
Bullitt is aided by its partner the Caterpillar group which, according to Forbes' figure, is ranked as the 89th most valuable brand in the world.
Bullitt director of marketing and PR Lisa Meakin referred to the CAT brand being “instantly recognisable” worldwide and the importance this has for Bullitt.
Manufacturing CAT and Land Rover products has aided Bullitt and Meakin alluded to this saying: “From a business model point of view we licence these brands and the reason we do this is because they're global brands.
“They're instantly recognisable and everyone knows the CAT logo and what it stands for and instantly know it is a rugged product.”
In terms of customer base, Meakin referred to statistics from a Bullitt Group research study which revealed 95 per cent of customers is male with 27 per cent of whom work in construction, 12 per cent in agriculture and seven per cent in security and emergency.
“Essentially, they're buying this device for their working environment, it's not for leisure. They're buying it because it helps them at work and is needed for the environment they work in.
“We spend a lot of time talking to our customers and finding out why they buy devices and what appeals to them and what doesn't.”
Screenshot: Let's Go Pikachu (Nintendo)
Last night Nintendo announced Let's Go Pikachu and Let's Go Eevee, two new Pokémon games coming to Switch in November. They may not be what people were expecting or hoping for, but any time there's new Pokémon games, the internet is gonna freak out.
Let's Go Pikachu and Eevee are both based on Pokémon Yellow, where you had a Pikachu that followed you around outside of its Poké Ball. In this upcoming game, meant for newer players more familiar with Pokémon Go, either Pikachu or Eevee will join you on an adventure through the Kanto region, collecting the original 151 Pokémon. Given the popularity of these two Pokémon, people are excited.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Some people noticed some cool things in the trailer, like Pokémon that follow behind your trainer and ones you can ride around the map. Other fans were hoping for a few other series callbacks to Kanto. Others still knew a good joke setup when they saw one.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Not everyone is overjoyed with the new game, but fans who want a new core game on the Switch will be getting on in 2019. As for me, I know where I stand on the matter:
Gracie Alexander, a 5-year-old standard Schnauzer , has been missing in the vicinity of Cold Spring School in Montecito since July 2, 2013.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
In 1986, when Muhammad Ali Jr. was 14 years old, his father, the greatest boxer alive, picked up the teen for a visit. “We got in the car, and I...
Plans to build two new gas stations on one of Cape Coral's busiest roads are creating mixed feelings for neighbors surrounding the sites.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A downcast Gianfranco Zola admitted his Birmingham City team is ‘at the moment - very poor' at Preston on Tuesday night.
Here's the full transcript of his press conference at Deepdale at which he answered questions about Krystian Bielik, the away form and his pain at conceding another late winner.
A tough first half, second half a little unlucky.
“Yeh but I don't want to talk about unlucky any more, I am fed up with talking about things like that. There is a reason we keep losing games like this - so we are not unlucky.
“We are - at the moment - very poor, as simple as that. We have got to be honest.
“I am the first [person] responsible. Results have been no good.
“I think we have to stop talking as well, we need to just go [out] there and be more careful.
“We had control of the game totally in the second half, we were just waiting to score. They come once and they score - that's disappointing to be honest.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Why was the first half so poor?
The players at the moment are very edgy, of course the confidence is not there and the result is we start like that.
“But the second half was good - again. There was one team that was waiting to concede - then they come down once and they score. That's the disappointing bit, I am sorry, I am very frustrated at the moment.
You changed the system at half time which helped.
It helped, I thought it was good, I was planning to do that, it was already in my mind for a while.
Today - after the first half, it was necessary, I think it worked quite well, very well I think.
Now is the moment that we really stop talking and just act a little bit better.
Thoughts on Craig Gardner's two yellows.
The second foul was a little bit of frustration, he shouldn't have done that. But he's a player who has got a lot of passion and so I can understand that.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
You are seriously fed up, more than after any other game?
I am disappointed because we don't work for that - to see a team that plays football they way we did in the second half go down again is really frustrating.
It's very difficult for me to be here, I do it because I am a professional, here and talking because I shouldn't talk, we don't have to say more, we just need to act a little bit better than we are doing at the moment.
Way starting games is a big weakness.
Absolutely. We said it last week, we talked, we addressed, we said it but then the players at the moment can't give their best because probably they feel the situation and have lost a little bit of confidence.
Again, I am here for them, I am going to always be here for them but we need to mature a little bit, because we need to be more prepared and tougher to beat.
Explain thinking with Krystian Bielik debut?
Because they had a big ball up front, I was afraid of crosses in the box and long balls. He has the size and also during the week I saw him, he has good qualities as well.
The game showed that.
He looked particularly comfortable in the three at the back.
Even Jonathan [Grounds], also Josh [Dacres-Cogley] did very well, the team in general was more balanced. That is certainly a good start. But that's just one part, we are not fulfilling the other part.
How disappointing not to take a point having got back into the game?
Very because not only we scored a goal, we looked in control of the situation on the pitch. That was very, very disappointing. But this is again we have said it.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Since you joined the club where would you rank that performance?
I thought the first half was not very good, one of the worst. But the second half was really good, we created a lot of chances, a lot of problems to Preston.
Honestly that goal came out of the blue and it was very painful.
Are you struggling to put your finger on why it's not quite going right at the moment?
It is difficult you know because if you see the results you might say ‘Well, this team is going apart'. But actually you see the team playing and it is not.
On the other hand, from my point of view, it is difficult to add anything - and I am not going to be here trying to explain or find excuses.
The bottom line is we are not producing good results and so we need to stop talking - me first - and start producing some better results.
Long time since last away win, more of a psychological thing now?
It is becoming a little bit, all these bad results don't help the confidence. We need to pick ourselves up, Saturday we have a tough match and we need to perform better.
MELODY MUPETA and MONICA KAYOMBO, Kitwe
POLICE in Lufwanyama have arrested a 26-year-old man suspected to have murdered a 35-year-old woman who went missing last week.Copperbelt Commissioner of Police Charity Katanga identified the woman as Evelyn Kamanga and the suspect as Benjamin Kapata.
Mrs Katanga said in an interview yesterday that Ms Kamanga's body was found buried at Foloko farm on Saturday around 09:00 hours after police searched the premises.http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
Formal fashion, fine food and wine, and breathtaking ocean views set the stage for an evening of style and grace
An elegant evening of style and grace attracted more than 100 guests to “Celebrate Santa Barbara's Treasures,” a gala event last Sunday evening honoring Anne and Michael Towbes and benefiting the State Street Ballet, at the Coral Casino at the Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore Santa Barbara.
The beautifully printed invitation requested an optional black-tie dress code, yet nearly everyone arrived at the breathtaking seaside location dressed stylishly for the occasion.
Gentlemen wore an array of tuxedos and suits complete with bow ties and fashionable cuff links, while women donned colorful and flowing floor-length formal evening gowns of silk and chiffon styled with capped sleeves, backless or spaghetti straps.
The attire was formal, but the atmosphere was relaxed and festive as guests watched the sunset illuminate over the Pacific Ocean in a shimmer of golden waves while sipping cocktails to the accompaniment of live music by Adam Phillips and Musicians of Santa Barbara, whose tasteful acoustic tunes reinforced an already joyous mood.
As night fell, guests were ushered into the La Pacifica Ball Room for a welcome reception and three-course dinner of lime roasted Pacific halibut, California lamb rack and meatballs or vegetarian dishes with wine graciously donated by Kate and Brooks Firestone of Curtis Winery.
Emcee Jonatha King of King Communications and State Street Ballet Executive Director Rodney Gustafson addressed the audience and thanked the sponsors, event coordinators and guests for attending the celebration.
Gustafson acknowledged the honorees during his speech, Anne and Michael Towbes, as treasures of Santa Barbara and previewed State Street Ballet's 2011-12 list of performances scheduled at The Granada Theater.
Upcoming performances include a multimedia production of Starry Night in early October and the ever-popular holiday favorite The Nutcracker in mid-December followed by the world premiere of the edgy and magical The Secret Garden in February 2012.
Ongoing collaborations with a variety of community organizations that support the performing arts also were noted by Gustafson, including an anniversary performance with the Santa Barbara Symphony and Carmina Burana with the Santa Barbara Choral Society.
“State Street Ballet has developed a center for dance,” said Gustafson. “And thank you to Michael and Anne Towbes for allowing us to create the Gail Towbes Center for Dance.”
Since 2008, the 10,400-square-foot, state-of-the-art studio at 2285 Las Positas Road has functioned as a locale for performing arts events and home for more than 500 dance students.
“The center means a lot to me because ballet needs a home and a place to create the work,” Gustafson said. “We need big space and just the right type of floors, and in a town like Santa Barbara space is difficult to find. So we are really fortunate, and I'd love to see the legacy of the Towbeses live on through the building.”
Next, Gustafson invited the honorees onstage for a few words, and after a round of applause Michael Towbes thanked everyone in the room for supporting State Street Ballet and shared the impact that performing arts has had on him and his wife.
“Anne and I love the performing arts, but in all honesty the most beautiful form is the ballet,” Towbes said. “It has something no other form of performing arts has and a very special place in my heart and Anne's. I think we are so fortunate in Santa Barbara to have Rodney, and the State Street Ballet continues to thrive.”
Anne Towbes thanked the ballet for “16 years of giving us liquid grace” and recited a few lines from a variation on a theme by a D.H. Lawrence sonnet, Baby Running Barefoot, by David Ira Rottenberg from Soldiers of Beauty:
When the white feet of dancers beat across the stage
the sound is like the wings of birds at dawn, fluttering,
and when the feathery light bodies rise en pointe, spinning
like the wind across a lake, the sight is romance, uttering.
Various forms of live entertainment delighted guests throughout the evening, including soundscapes by Bent Myggen, whose wonderful fusion of classical, jazz and R&B encouraged guests to dance between dinner courses.
Pianist Catherine Miller Popovic accompanied mezzo-soprano Renée Rapier from the Los Angeles Opera who sang the arias “Habanera” and “Seguidilla” from Carmen.
The room sizzled when Rapier sauntered gracefully between tables during the performance as her deep and infectious voice seduced the crowd.
Special dance pieces choreographed by William Soleau for State Street Ballet dancers showcased graceful movements that delighted the crowd of spectators inside the intimate ballroom setting with costumes by Anaya Cullen and Milly Colahan.
Later, live auctioneer Andrew Firestone's playful persona roused the audience into bidding high numbers on specialty items, including two tickets to Dancing with the Stars live in Hollywood, an Alhambra necklace from Van Cleef & Arpels and a private catered dinner for 20 people with “The French Chef” and performances by concert pianist Brigitte and State Street Ballet.
Guests were also encouraged to help supply State Street Ballet dancers with point shoes for the season since these delicate and handmade shoes used to train and perform last only about a week before needing to be replaced — a costly endeavor for the company.
Founded in 1994 as a nonprofit organization, State Street Ballet is a fully professional dance company and over the years has received local and national acclaim for original work with a unique and innovative approach to classical dance production.
The dance troupe, which is also a resident company for Arts Ed at the Granada Presents, will be participating in The Yellow Bus Series that introduces local students to various world-class performing arts productions at the Granada Theatre and the State Street Ballet Summer Intensive.
“I don't think that my support of State Street Ballet is for either altruism or for philanthropy; it's pure selfishness,” Michael Towbes said. “I love State Street Ballet, and between the two of us we want to do everything we can to keep it healthy and thriving in Santa Barbara.”
The State Street Ballet offers special thanks to the following supporters:
» Event Producers: Jonatha King and Lance Jones of King Communications' Stellar Event Productions.
» Event Décor: Magi Myggen of Intuit Design.
» Event Underwriters and Event Sponsors: Margo Cohen-Feinberg, Tim Mikel and Pottery Barn.
» Table Sponsors and Table Hosts: Van Cleef & Arpels/Margo Cohen-Fienberg, Montecito Bank & Trust, The Granada Theatre, the Santa Barbara Sailing Center, the Ty Warner Sea Center, Anne and Michael Towbes, Tim Mikel, Wallace Vandever, Alex Nourse, Arlyn Goldsby, Jerry Cohen, Jill Dexter and Roger Thompson.
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkSociety, @NoozhawkNews, and @NoozhawkBiz. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
The Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) opened for the week on Monday on a downward trend with investors' net worth dropping by 0.21 per cent due to unstable economic environment.
The All-Share Index lost 90 points or 0.21 per cent to close at 41,845.90 compared with 41,935.90 achieved on Friday.
Similarly, the market capitalisation, which opened at N15.001 trillion, shed N32 billion or 0.21 per cent to close at N14.969 trillion following price depreciation.
The market had maintained a negative posture in spite of improved audited results released by some companies.
Commenting on the market performance, an economist, Sheriffdeen Tella, a Professor of Economics at Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun, attributed the development to unstable economic environment.
Tella said that non-passage of the 2018 budget by the National Assembly and absence of monetary policy to fine tune the economy was affecting stability in the stock market.
According to him, investors are continued to be risk averse.
He said that foreign investors were unsure of the macro-economic direction, while the local investors too were affected by absence of information asymmetry in the market.
Tella said that the bearish trend would likely dominate the market this week, unless approval was giving for membership of the Monetary Policy Committee and a greater commitment to the passage of 2018 budget.
A breakdown of the price movement table indicated that Nigerian Breweries topped the losers' chart, declining by N4.50 to close at N128.50 per share.
Cadbury trailed with a loss of N1.65 to close at N15.45, while Stanbic IBTC lost N1 to close at N49 per share.
Ecobank Transnational Incorporated depreciated by 95k to close at N18.85, while NASCON Allied Industries was down by 65k to close at N19.35 per share.
On the other hand, Dangote Cement led the gainers' table, increasing by N1 to close at N265 per share.
PZ followed with a gain of 55k to close at N23.55, while Zenith Bank appreciated by 40k to close at N28 per share.
Guaranty Trust Bank added 40k to close at N28, while C &I Leasing advanced by 18k to close at N1.99 per share.
Also, the volume of shares traded dropped by 23.19 per cent as investors bought and sold 327.76 million shares worth N5.26 billion in 5,366 deals.
This was against the 426.73 million shares valued at N7.09 billion exchanged in 5,191 deals on Friday.
Zenith Bank was the most active stock, exchanging 128.97 million shares worth N3.49 billion.
FBN Holdings followed with an account of 23.78 million shares valued at N276.31 million, while Fidelity Bank traded 16.68 million shares worth N37.99 million.
Access Bank sold 11.69 million shares valued at N136.81 million, while Transcorp exchanged 11.47 million shares worth N19.18 million. (NAN)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Access Control Locks Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Comet, OCOM, Siten, ZKSoftware, COHO, Weds, Couns, Nabon, Gloden, Tecsun.
The report begins with introducing the global Access Control Locks market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Access Control Locks report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-access-control-locks-market/5921/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Access Control Locks Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Two lines Type, Four lines Type, Five lines Type, Eight lines Type.
Access Control Locks Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Residential, Enterprise, Other.
Key points in the Access Control Locks Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-access-control-locks-market/5921/#inquiry
From all of this Access Control Locks market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Access Control Locks market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Access Control Locks distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
By Matt Citak
Jacob deGrom has been unbelievable for the New York Mets this season.
In 11 starts, the 29-year-old right-hander has recorded an impressive 1.52 ERA. This incredible mark currently leads the National League, and has deGrom ranked second in ERA in all baseball, trailing only Houston's Justin Verlander and his 1.11 ERA.
Through 65.1 innings, deGrom has allowed a mere 11 earned runs while racking up 85 strikeouts and recording a 1.01 WHIP.
Yet two months into the season, despite being one of the top performers in the National League, deGrom has been the winning pitcher in just four contests due to the lack of overall support from his teammates.
Over his last seven starts, deGrom has pitched to an unworldly 0.45 ERA. One of the biggest reasons for this has been his ability to work himself out of a jam- opposing hitters are hitless in their last 28 at-bats against deGrom with runners in scoring position.
However five of those starts resulted in no decisions for the righty, while only two ended with him as the winning pitcher.
For example, let's take a look at his most recent outing.
On Monday, deGrom tossed a masterful seven innings during the first game of New York's doubleheader against the Atlanta Braves. He allowed one earned run on five hits with eight strikeouts, needing 115 pitches to get through the seven frames. He exited the game with the Mets leading 2-1, hopeful the bullpen could hold on to the lead to earn him his fifth win of 2018.
But, the normally reliable Seth Lugo allowed a run in the bottom of the 8th to tie the game, and after the Mets took the lead back in the top of the ninth, surrendered a two-run walk-off home run to pinch-hitter Charlie Cluberson.
It was Cluberson's first home run since September 25, 2016.
Unfortunately that has been the story of the 2018 season for deGrom and the Mets, who have failed to take advantage of the games with the team's ace on the mound.
Before Monday's loss to the Braves, deGrom threw an absolute gem five days earlier against the Miami Marlins. The starting pitcher threw seven shutout innings of four-hit ball and left the game with a 1-0 lead, just to watch Mets closer Jeurys Familia give up two runs in the top of the ninth.
This is nothing new for deGrom and the Mets. In fact, deGrom has never left a start while trailing this season. Yet somehow, the Mets are 5-6 on the year in his starts, a statistic that's hard to fathom considering his 1.52 ERA. But game after game, the bullpen has found a way to crumble and spoil his dominant performances.
Now in his fifth season in the majors, deGrom has left the game with a lead just to watch the Mets bullpen blow it an astounding 22 times throughout his young career…
While the relief pitching has been bad, the Mets' lineup has not been doing their part this year either.
In those six losses with the team's No. 1 pitcher on the hill, the Mets have been able to score just 15 runs of offense, with six coming in one contest alone.
On the other hand, deGrom has allowed only four earned runs in 33.1 innings during those same six games.
It's almost remarkable how little help deGrom has received from his teammates this season, between the lack of run support and the continuous failures of the bullpen. But with the latest injury to Noah Syndergaard, along with the inconsistent play from the rest of the starting rotation, the Mets can ill afford to waste such strong outings from the team's best pitcher and current Cy Young candidate.
If the Mets want to salvage the season and make a true playoff run this year, they need to start by providing Jacob deGrom with the run and bullpen support that the ace deserves.
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow him on Twitter.
Traveling is always fun and when you travel with your squad, it becomes even more exciting. But what about the experience the solo travelers or business professionals had to go through while traveling? Well, to be honest, the act of travel for the corporate travelers has become quite stressful, credits to the travel hassles that somehow hinder their ways to a handy trip. How would one feel if the pressure at home or work gets continued even on the business trip? Yeah, it would be awful. The navigation through airport and hotel booking plans make everything more than troublesome for corporate. Ergo, at that point in time, one certainly feels the need for an appropriate online booking engine for corporate and enterprises simultaneously.
Without a second thought, online hotel booking systems ease the traveling by getting the best dealing options available. This way the booking portals help the professionals appreciate the stress-free itinerary amazingly. So, it is the time to get your offline travel agents a break and opt for a proper online hotel booking portal. By that, you could avail the following benefits like:
1. Get to book hotel of the choice even if it is full
The online booking systems are associated majorly with different hotels in various cities so if a business traveler finds their choice of a hotel full on visiting the hotel's website they can contact the booking portals that could help them acquire accommodation in their choice of the hotel along with enjoying the best hotel offers for b2b respectively.
2. Booking at cheap pricing and more amenities
As an individual, it is almost next to impossible to book a hotel at cheaper rates but as the booking portals are in bond with many hotel chains and they have bookings in bulk, they surprisingly could help business corporate book the hotels at a rate they wouldn't find anywhere else. Moreover, their packages also let travelers enjoy the add-ons and special amenities.
3. No worries to pay upfront
The most important benefit one can avail through online travel booking systems is to escape the pay issue. Unlike the direct bookings where the traveler has to pay the full amount to assure the confirmed booking of the hotel, the booking through online portal lets to pay even after the stay i.e. at the time of check-out.
4. Bound to experience good customer service
As the whole of the information is structured, organized with a clear-cut overview of booking and payments, it becomes obvious for corporate and enterprises to experience good customer service and delight.
5. Minimise your workload and stress
The best part about hiring an online booking system for a business trip is that one could escape all the workload and stress of booking and planning whole of the itinerary.
So, time to have an excellent online booking engine for corporate and enterprises like RoomsXpert that could deliver exactly what travelers expect.
Source:https://www.prlog.org/12690276-things-to-keep-in-mind-to-experience-hassle-stress-free-traveling.html
Dr. Krupa Torne, Paediatric Neurologist & Epileptologist from Birmingham Children's Hospital, UK joins Surya Hospital, Mumbai as the Neurology head.
With the recent addition of Dr. Krupa Torne as the new head of neurology, Surya Group of Hospitals has added another star to their highly acclaimed staff of doctors. Dr Krupa Torne has completely her International Fellowship in Paediatric Neurology, Epilepsy and Neurorehabilitation from Birmingham Children's Hospital, Birmingham UK. She has also worked in many premier hospitals in the UK and extensively trained in this field.
She comes with an experience of over 15 years in paediatric medicine and another 5 years in paediatric neurology. “I am excited to be a part of the prestigious Surya Hospitals and hope to enhance the standard of care provided with my decades of experience,” says Dr. Krupa Torne.
Dr. Krupa Torne has been an organizing committee member of many respected events like:
– Parkinson's and Movement Disorder Congress
– International Conference on Brain Disorders and Dementia Care
– International Conference on Neurodegenerative disorders and Stroke September
– World Congress on Neurology and Neurodisorders
– World Congress on Research and Therapy
She is also affiliated with numerous associations such as,
– European Paediatric neurology association
– International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society
– American Neurology Association US
– American Epilepsy Society US
– International Child Neurology Association (ICNA)
Dr. Bhupendra Avasthi, founder and CEO of Surya Hospitals commented, “We are delighted to have Dr. Torne on board. She will prove to be a wonderful asset to our neurological department,” on appointment of the new department head. Visit http://suryahospitals.com/ for more details.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:09 VIDEO: U.F.O.s: What Does the Government Know? Pause 1:01 Don't let a text wreck your life 2:17 Dance helps D'Iberville boy overcome ADHD 2:12 Watch baby polar bear Nora grows up fast 0:22 NASA animates the powerful winter storm headed for the Mid-Atlantic 2:32 Vincent the cat gets very rare prosthetic legs 1:52 VIDEO: What it takes to be a White House Christmas tree 1:08 'Lucky' Turkey to Receive Presidential Pardon 2:59 The Buzz with Buzz: the Koch brothers, money and politics 0:49 Tossing up paper like they just don't care Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Three Puyallup teen baby sitters – Matthew Wood, Karsyn Perez and Trinity Harrison – recount the harrowing evening when they put their lives at risk to save 8 kids from a fast-moving house fire.
Three Puyallup teen baby sitters – Matthew Wood, Karsyn Perez and Trinity Harrison – recount the harrowing evening when they put their lives at risk to save 8 kids from a fast-moving house fire.
BIMSTEC General Secretary Shahidul Islam has called on President Bidya Devi Bhandari at latter's office in Sheetal Niwas in Kathmandu on Wednesday.
On the occasion, both the leaders discussed on making BIMSTEC process more effective for the promotion of cooperation among the members states, as stated in the statement.
Likewise, high ranking government officials were also present.
Source: The Himalayan Times
Tomorrow brings us the high-profile special congressional election in Georgia to fill the seat vacated by Republican HHS Secretary Tom Price. If no one gets more than 50% of the vote in the 18-candidate field, the race heads to a June 20 runoff. Here are the answers to eight big questions about the race:
Can Democrat Jon Ossoff get 50%-plus and avoid a runoff?
Probably not, but he has a chance. The polls show Ossoff in the low-to mid-40s, but that percentage could grow if Democratic turnout is sky-high compared with GOP turnout.
Is Ossoff doomed if he can't crack 50% tomorrow?
Not at all. While Republicans' odds of holding on to this seat increase in a two-person race, the polling — which hasn't been of the greatest quality, mind you — shows Ossoff running competitively against the top-tier Republicans in a runoff. The nonpartisan Cook Political Report is designating the overall contest as a Toss Up.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Democrats See Opening in Georgia Special Election 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
How much is the race about Trump?
Ossoff has definitely tried to make it about the president. "When President Trump embarrasses our country or acts recklessly, I'll hold him accountable," he has said in one of his ads. "Donald Trump doesn't represent our values," Rep. John Lewis says to the camera in another Ossoff ad.
Trump inserted himself in this race on Monday, tweeting: "The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal [sic] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!"
Related: Trump Rips Top Democrat in Georgia Special Election
Republicans, meanwhile, first targeted Ossoff by resurfacing video of him drinking and acting out as Han Solo during his college days. Then they tied him Nancy Pelosi. And then they played the Osama bin Laden card in this video.
Is this district Trump country?
No. And this is an important point if Ossoff wins (either on April 18 or June 20). Tom Price got 62% of the vote in this highly educated and affluent Atlanta-area district in 2016, and Mitt Romney took 61% in 2012. But Trump barely beat Hillary Clinton here in 2016, 48%-47%, and that was on his best day of the general election.
Who are the top Republicans?
They include former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel (who has been the top Republican in most polls), former state Sen. Dan Moody (who has been endorsed by U.S. Sen. David Perdue), and businessman Bob Gray (whom the Club for Growth is backing).
How much national money is going into this one contest?
About $14 million has been spent on advertising in this district by both sides. Ossoff himself raised at least $8.3 million for his run - an astounding sum for a House candidate - but he has also had to contend with the widely-publicized fact that just 5% of those donations came from his home state.
What time do polling places close?
Polls in Georgia close at 7:00 pm ET. There has been a sizable early vote in this race, and so early vote totals will probably show Ossoff with a significant early lead. The question is whether that holds up when Election Day totals come in.
How predictive are special elections for upcoming midterm elections?
They aren't. While an Ossoff win would send shockwaves throughout Congress and open GOP eyes about the current political mood, special elections don't predict how a later midterm cycle will turn out. Indeed, back in 2010, Democrats won a highly contested special election to fill the seat of the late Rep. Jack Murtha (D-PA). But that Democratic victory didn't stop the GOP from its huge midterm victories that year.
The global Apple accessories market is expected to grow at 4.6% CAGR over the forecast period, 2016-2020. Demand is expected to remain strong in China, where rapid adoption of smartphones, combined with an increasing preference towards the ‘Apple' brand is pushing sales. The market in China is expected to grow at 8.5% CAGR through the forecast period. Globally, the demand for Apple accessories is expected to be positively influenced by the growing BYOD trend.
Weak distribution channels in emerging markets have remained a longstanding challenge for manufacturers. However, popularity of e-commerce and focus on creating alternative distribution channels have positively impacted Apple accessories sales in emerging markets. The steady growth in these markets is expected to offset weak demand in developed markets of the U.S. and Europe.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3374
Apple accessories sales in Asia will be driven by rising popularity of e-commerce websites and apps. As is the case in Asia, steady e-commerce sales are driving Apple accessories sales in Brazil and Russia. These factors will contribute to the overall growth of the global market.
Future Market Insights identifies that undefined standards in terms of components and technology have led to price and product differentiation. Moreover, widespread availability of counterfeit and pirated products offered at a fraction of the original price in various developing countries can significantly inhibit demand for Apple accessories.
The Future Market Insights report reveals that iPhone screen guards will continue to be the most-sought after accessory among consumers. iPad cases and iPad screen guards are expected to remain the other lucrative product types. Collectively, these three product segments accounted for over 50% revenue share of the global market in 2016, and the status quo will remain unchanged throughout the forecast period. Among these product types, iPad cases segment will only witness an increase in its revenue share by 2020.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-3374
North America will continue to be the most lucrative market, with the US leading total sales. The North America Apple accessories market was valued at US$ 1.93 Bn in 2016, with the US accounting for US$ 1.38 Bn in revenues. Future Market Insights projects the North America market revenues to increase at a CAGR of 4% CAGR through 2020. The report further reveals that the Apple accessories market in Europe is predicted to register a CAGR of 4.0% in the span of next four years. However, the Apple accessories market in South East Asia is expected to witness relatively sluggish growth by the end of 2020.
3M, Bose Corporation, Western Digital Corporation (SanDisk), Logitech, Otter Products, LLC., Decoded, Adobe, Bang & Olufsen, Incase and ACCO (Kensington Computer Products Group) are the key manufacturers operating in the Apple accessories market globally.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/apple-accessories-market
Paris Hall, 12, says she was terrified to wake up Monday morning to find a burglar in her room. But, she will also tell you she remained calm, cool, and collected.
LAKE WALES, Fla. (CNN) — Paris Hall, 12, says she was terrified to wake up Monday morning to find a burglar in her room. But, she will also tell you she remained calm, cool, and collected.
Her grandparents think her calm demeanor helped keep her safe. Paris thinks so too.
“I feel like if I would've got scared, he would've got scared,” Hall told ABC Action News reporter Michael Paluska.
Hall was home alone and said she heard her light switch turn on around 9 a.m. Monday morning. At first, she thought a family member was in her room. Then she saw a man she didn't recognize.
“I had rolled over and I have seen some stranger looking behind my TV so I was kind of confused and said ‘excuse me what are you doing?' I had an old phone that doesn't work, it was sitting on my dresser. So, I guess, he looked at that and made up an excuse; ‘Oh my uncle told me to come get my phone' and in my mind, I was thinking OK. I guess my granddad must be his uncle.”
She still told the man to leave. When he went out the back door she was even more confused. Then she saw the kitchen window was shattered.
“I put two and two together and figured my granddad wasn't his uncle,” Paris said. “I was very scared at that point I didn't know what to do.”
She called for help. Her granddad told her to run to a neighbors house and call 911. When she ran out the front door the man was waiting for her.
“He was standing in the front yard and he asked me ‘what time do your parents get back home?' I was really calm about it because I didn't want to trigger him or alarm him. He said ‘do you want to come outside and chill with me for a little while?' Then I went in the house and got a knife and then I told him to leave. I went over to the neighbor's house I was scared I was crying my heart was beating.”
Paris is scared to be in the house alone or sleep by herself. She hopes someone will recognize the man and call police.
The suspect is described as a black male, approximately 5' 7', short hair wearing a white hat particle facial hair, white shirt with red and blue stripes, aside washed shorts, and red, white, and blue Air Jordan shoes.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Barcelona have agreed a deal to sign Brazil international Paulinho from Guangzhou Evergrande for €40 million.
The 29-year-old will now undergo his medical with Barça on Thursday and, if all goes to plan, he will sign his contract and be presented on the same day, the Catalan giants have announced.
Barça also said that the former Tottenham midfielder will have a release clause of €120m in his contract.
More to follow.
Iran started to reintegrate into the global economy after the removal of sanctions following the 2015 nuclear deal that President Hassan Rouhani Sunday said saved his country's economy from near collapse.
Not to be outdone, high-ranking officials and trade delegations from four corners of the world have been visiting Iran to boost or resume their ties with the Asian country whose rich resources and lucrative market could turn it to the biggest economy to rejoin the global trading and financial system since the breakup of the Soviet Union over two decades ago.
In a 90-minute interview with the state TV on Sunday night, Rouhani said oil exports would have fallen to about 10% of their level of 2.5 million barrels per day in 2012, before US and European sanctions took full effect.
Rouhani spoke specifically about deals with France's Airbus and America's Boeing for jets to rebuild Iran's passenger fleet. He maintained that, despite issues with completion, the first planes will be delivered within the next three months.
The president said that oil exports have risen to almost two million barrels per day in the past year.
He added the government was successfully tackling employment, “the most important issue of our country”, saying that the number in work had risen from 21.3 million when he took office in 2013 to 23 million today.
Int'l liners back
Iran's roads and urban development minister on Monday said 18 international shipping liners had started their activities in Shahid Rajaei Port.
Pointing to the three-billion-dollar hinterland investment of the country, Abbas Akhoundi added 85 percent of the figure belongs to the tenure of 11th government, IRNA reported.
Private sector made a 403-million-dollar investment in Chabahar as the southern port received 150 million dollars of investment by Indian investors, said the minister.
We can take the advantages of combined transit in our ports, he said, adding that the share of rail transit has increased to 15 percent from percent in Shahid Rajaei Port during the recent three years.
Italy, China eye rail projects
Iranian Railroad Company's Director General for International Affairs Abbas Nazari said Tehran and Rome are in negotiations over Italy's investment in two rail projects in the Islamic Republic worth four billion euros, according to Tasnim News Agency.
“We are discussing Qom-Arak and Tehran-Hamedan high-speed railways and fleet with Italian investors,” Nazari told reporters in Tehran on Monday.
He said China has also announced its readiness to finance the Tehran-Mashhad and Tehran-Isfahan railroad projects.
The official added that 85 percent of the investment in the projects is planned to be provided through finance.
Nazari also said political talks on construction of a 2,000-kilometer railway connecting Iran and China have concluded.
Steel export hikes
Iran exported 3.74 million tons of steel and related products during the eight months to November 20, 2016, indicating a 51 percent rise compared to corresponding figure of preceding year.
According to data released by Iranian Steel Producers Association (ISPA) on Monday, the country exported 2.29 million tons of crude steel including 1.59 million tons of billets and 700,000 tons of slabs during the period, IRNA reported.
The figure shows a 116 percent rise compared to related figure of preceding year – 1.06 million tons.
According to ISPA statistics, Iranian steel producers also exported 1.44 million tons of products during the period, marking a three percent growth compared to corresponding figure of preceding year's 1.40 million tons.
The export-bound products mainly include 934,000 tons of hot-rolled plates as well as 147,000 tons of beam and 192,000 tons of cold-rolled plates.
According to statistics released by World Steel Association (WSA) on December 21, 2016, Iran produced 16.4 million tons of crude steel in the first 11 months of 2016, showing a 10.9 percent rise compared to the figure for the same period of 2015, which was 14.81 million tons.
In November 2016, Iran's estimated production of crude steel was announced at 1.585 million tons showing a decrease of 3.35 percent against the figure for October 2016 amounting to 1.640 million tons.
Global steel production in November stood at 132.4 million tons, showing a 3.21 percent decline compared to the October output – 136.7 million tons.
The Oct. 2 event will be held at the historic La Casa Nichita residence
Renowned author Mara Purl will be the guest speaker during an afternoon of tea, refreshments and entertainment at a historical residence in Mission Canyon sponsored by The Unity Shoppe.
La Casa Nichita was the home (circa 1907) of Fernand Lungren, an early American artist known as the Pioneer of Painting the American Desert.
The hostess for this special garden party on Sunday, Oct. 2 will be Purl, a national award-winning author known for The Milford-Haven Novels. She will speak on pursuing a successful life in the arts by unifying head and heart and briefly discuss her new novel, What the Heart Knows.
Included in the afternoon's festivities will be a tour of the 1907 home and grounds, and an award for the best hat worn to the event.
For more information, email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Pat Hitchcock is a public relations coordinator for The Unity Shoppe.
By Eric Teniola
FOR the purpose of assessing what the mineral producing areas can obtain by way of derivation, let us look at three possibilities, viz, direct derivation, rents and royalties and a rehabilitation fund.
This requires that part or whole of the revenue contributed to the central pool by a State should be returned to that State. It is essentially an equity principle although, as we can show below, it could have some efficiency components. Section 150 of the Constitution is an example of this type of derivation. It provides that the net proceeds from certain types of taxes and duties should be distributed among the States on the basis of derivation.
It is the type of derivation that led to the strong but healthy rivalries among the former Regions in agricultural produce; groundnuts and cotton in the North,cocoa in the West, rubber in the Mid-West and oil-palm and rubber in the East. Nowadays, we all seem to sit around waiting for the oil money. If the States are to reduce, in any appreciable degree, their dependence on the Centre, then this type of derivation should be incorporated into the revenue sharing formula. It will then be not only an equity principle, in our, national interest, also an efficiency principle—a reward for a level of achievement.
The argument that, States that produce locally-consumed product do not benefit from this type of derivation does not hold water, because they benefit by taxing the producers in the form of income tax. As Dr. J.O. Okezie put it to the Commission”there is no way you can leave out the principle of derivation in revenue sharing in this country”. Derivation, across the board, should be a strong factor in the horizontal sharing among the States and among Local Governments.
Rent: By the provisions of the Land Use Decree(1978), rent is undisputably attributable to the States of origin. Even without the Decree, whenever rent was separated from royalties it has always been given 100 per cent to the States of origin by successive Commissions, from Phillipson(1946) onwards. Even Dina (1968), after reducing royalties to 10 per cent, conceded 100 per cent on on-shore mining to the States of origin. Rent, therefore, is an attribute of the States of origin. 20. This has been compared (rather misleadingly) to excise duty. Both are, of course, taxes on production.
The major difference, however, is that royalty is land –related. It is defined, with respect to mining, as “payment made to a landowner for the extraction of minerals from beneath his land”(source: Dictionary of Economics and Commerce by J.H. Harrison, 3rd Edition 1969 p. 406). The word royalty can be traced to feudal England where the King was the ultimate landowner; just as the Governor of a State is today in Nigeria according to the Land Use Decree. The tax on production of minerals from all lands within the King's realm was, therefore, paid to him and, rather appropriately daubed 'royalty'.
The mineral producing States likewise have an intrinsic right to royalties paid on all minerals extracted from their lands. 21. This was recognized over the years by successive Commissions: (i) Chick(1953), recommend 100 per cent rent and royalties; (ii) Riasman(1954), recommend 50 percent; (iii) Binns(1964), recommend 45 per cent; (iv) Dina(1968), recommend 100 per cent rents and 10 per cent royalties; Decree No. 6(1975), recommended 20 per cent. 22. The mineral producing States have, as shown above, an inherent right in and, therefore, claim to a fair share of mining rents and royalties.
As Raisman(1958) put it,”the Government in whose Region oil Royalties originates should clearly have a significant share in it”. That is a strong endorsement coming, as it did, from an impartial observer. These States should realise, however, that they are part of a Federation and therefore must share whatever is due to them with their brother States. This is the reason why I am not here recommending 100 per cent but only 30 per cent of mining rent and royalties. The latter, by the 1980 Federal Budget, amounts to only 6.3 per cent of the total Mining Sector contribution to, and 5.3 percent of, the Federation Account. This cannot be regarded by any stretch of imagination as excessive, bearing in mind also the heavy burden imposed by the industry on these States as already stated.
23.The raw products of mineral oil/gas are hydrocarbons (liquid and gaseous). Hydrocarbons do not quite agree with living things directly or indirectly. Exposed to hydrocarbon in varying degrees, all living things eventually die. In addition, the flaring of gases generates not only heat but(much worse) carbon monoxide which is a very deadly poison to all living things especially human beings. The enormous heat and the eternal light, apart from affecting human beings cause various ecological changes.
In winning minerals therefore, lands are degraded; human beings are poisoned and deprived of their farmlands and fishing grounds; the atmosphere, streams, and land are polluted and thousands of valuable trees and land and sea life die. People migrate to other lands to look for alternative employment, otherwise they idle around while school fees and hospital bills are unpaid, meaning no education and death. Money is needed to reclaim the degraded land, to rehabilitate the deprived and displaced, to provide potable water, to research into the effects of pollution(especially the continuous atmospheric pollution) on human beings and on the ecology in general. This is the responsibility of all who benefit from the mining industry to the people who suffer so that we can all enjoy. We owe them that much.
I therefore recommend that 3 percent of the Federation Account should each year be put into a special fund for the rehabilitation of the mineral producing areas on the basis of derivation. An agency for the utilisation of this fund should be set up in each significant mineral producing state. This Agency should comprise representatives from the Federal Government, the State Government and oil producing Local Government Areas of the State. The fund should be used for the benefit of areas of production to cover, inter alia, land reclamation (rehabilitation), resettlement of displaced persons, provision of industries (re Scotland and the North Sea Oil) and research into the control and effects of mineral pollution.
By DEVON ST. CLAIRE
A system that funnels troubled students through disciplinary program after program is termed as the, “school-to-prison pipeline.” Most troubled students already struggle with difficult lives and Carla Amurao for PBS' Tavis Smiley Reports writes, school detentions, suspensions, and often expulsions further aggravate a troubled home life sending children “back to the origin of their angst and unhappiness—their home environments or their neighborhoods.”
Carla Amurao continues to shed light on the fact that harsh disciplinary policies don't actually change behavior, and “statistics reflect that these policies disproportionately target students of color and those with a history of abuse, neglect, poverty or learning disabilities.”
Most students are treated as problems to be quarantined, rejected or abandoned for their mistakes. Meanwhile a lot of their mistakes or wrong choices are made because they are carrying significant stresses and setbacks. Instead of rejecting a human being for their weaknesses or inabilities to cope with the stresses of life, why not teach students effective means of coping with stress and setbacks? If prayer and meditation help a child deal with difficulty early in life it will be a positive quality to have when life becomes more demanding into adulthood.
One school in Baltimore is attempting to equip their students with a yoga and meditation program during and after school that takes the place of detention and other punishments, CBS News Reports.
Newsweek writes, Twice a day there is yoga and a mindfulness practice during school hours for all students, called “Mindful Moments.” Disruptive students are brought into a room where they can pray and practice their breathing, they have a discussion with a counselor, and they are then instructed on how to manage their emotions. There is also an after-school program called Holistic Me, which “hosts 120 male and female students.” The program involves yoga, breathing exercises and meditative prayer activities.
Research studies have proven that this kind of activities significantly reduce stress, anxiety, and depression and to improve concentration and memory. Administers at Coleman have already noticed a difference in the first year that the Holistic Me program has been introduced to pre-kindergarden through fifth-grade students. Principal Carlillian Thompson said, “Instead of the students fighting or lashing out, they started to use words to solve their problems.” Many of the students have become leaders and high achievers and none of the students in the program have received suspensions or detentions.
In 2001, the program was founded by Baltimore locals, brothers Atman and Ali Smith and their friend Andres Gonzalez. The Holistic Life Foundation and its partners have offered a variety of enrichment activities but focused primarily on yoga and mindfulness practices in the past 15 years.
Students learn to resolve conflicts peacefully and to reduce the amount of emotional turmoil in their lives, by using these techniques. This kind of intervention prepares them for academic and social resilience rather than further alienating or traumatizing the one's who are already stressed-out.
By receiving federal funding and delivering programs to Charlottesville, Minneapolis, Madison, and abroad the foundation has rapidly expanded since 2015. This innovative technique has shown a constructive way forward for other schools like Baltimore's Patterson High. The school recently adopted a 15-minute yoga and mindfulness practice at the beginning and end of each day for every one of its students. This alternative has proven successful in Baltimore and the techniques will be carried with each student for the rest of their lives.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
This story is about Published 2h
Texas A&M battling familiar foes in its late push to find a quarterback before signing day Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Sam Craft/AP Texas A&M head football coach Jimbo Fisher talks to the crowd at Reed Arena during a timeout at an NCAA college basketball game between Prairie View A&M and Texas A&M, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, in College Station, Texas. (AP Photo/Sam Craft)
By Ben Baby , Staff Writer Contact Ben Baby on Twitter: @Ben_Baby
With the less than a week remaining until football's regular signing period opens, Texas A&M doesn't have a quarterback in its 2018 signing class. Based on the coaching staff's activity this week, however, that could change. The Aggies appear to be making a late push at signing a quarterback. On Thursday night, A&M head coach Jimbo Fisher and assistant coach Dameyune Craig made an in-home visit with Montgomery (Ala.) Lanier senior James Foster. Foster is the No. 12 dual-threat quarterback in the country, per 247Sports.com's composite ranking.
Gig Em 👍🏾 pic.twitter.com/l0RbkQn2W5 — James Foster II (@YungSimba4) February 2, 2018
Fisher and Craig's visit with Foster came a few hours after Gilbert (Ariz.) Perry's Brock Purdy, a 3-star recruit, reported an offer from the Aggies.
Grateful to have received an offer from Texas A&M University! #Gigem pic.twitter.com/Eyd3N2C5M6 — Brock Purdy (@brockpurdy13) February 1, 2018
A&M's longtime 2018 quarterback pledge, Georgia native Cade Fortin, split ways with the Aggies when Fisher was hired in early December. That move left the Aggies with a potentially key void in the signing class.
Should one of A&M's three young quarterbacks decide to transfer, the Aggies would be down to two scholarship players at the position, which isn't ideal from a depth standpoint. And to make things even more interesting, the Aggies are going up against familiar foes for both players. According to the Montgomery Advertiser, Foster is making an official visit at Florida State this weekend. Fisher, of course, left Florida State after eight seasons as the Seminoles' coach to join A&M. And on the Purdy front, the Aggies are going up against Alabama and new assistant Jeff Banks. Banks, as you might recall, spent the last five seasons at A&M before recently joining the coaching staff of the 2017 national champions.
According to 247Sports, Purdy is scheduled to make an official visit at A&M this weekend.
Right now, there are other big questions marks surrounding the 2018 signing class, specifically with two uncommitted prospects: Houston Episcopal wide receiver Jaylen Waddle and Cypress Springs defensive back Leon O'Neal. While those might be more publicized, A&M's QB situation deserves considerable attention. It'll be something to keep an eye on between now and next Wednesday, when everyone will officially close the book on 2018 recruiting cycle.
Increasing population of expatiates, High per capita income of the people, spending on leisure lifestyle, Catering to the needs of inbound tourists in FIFA Cup 2022 were the key factors driving the growth in Qatar Real Estate Market.
The report titled “Qatar Real Estate Market Outlook to 2021 – Economic Diversification and FIFA World Cup 2022 to Support Infrastructure Development” by Ken Research suggested a growth at a CAGR of 20.1% in revenue in Qatar Real Estate Market in next 5 years till 2021.
Qatar is an oil-based economy and the recent fall in oil prices has led Qatar to diversify its economy in various sectors, namely- Finance, Tourism and others. The real estate market is likely to have strong linkages with the economic growth and as the Qatar's economy is poised to grow further, the real estate sector is anticipated to witness a bright outlook in upcoming years. The primary growth drivers are increasing population of expatriates, focus on inbound tourism, FIFA World Cup 2022 and economic diversification. The boom in construction and infrastructure in all real estate segments owe to these factors. Doha is the capital city and the leading real estate market of Qatar. It is the residential, commercial, retail and hospitality hub of the country, and attracts large number of people. Moreover, the city of Doha is home to large number of foreign corporations. Immense business and employment opportunities in the city have attracted large number of migrants from other countries.
The primary growth drivers of Doha real estate market are low property finance interest rates, increasing number of expatriate, focus on FIFA World cup 2022 and National Tourism Strategy 2030. Increasing number of railway connections, airports, shopping malls, hotels, apartments and villas have been witnessed owing to increasing infrastructure development in Qatar. The Government of Qatar is focusing a lot on construction to meet the demand of tourists visiting Qatar in 2022 and meet the need of residence owing to increasing population.
The country has a strict regulation that Foreigners are allowed to buy property only in 3 major areas namely – The Pearl, West Bay Lagoon and Barwa-Al Khor City and the property price are very high in these areas due to the restriction. Immigrant population of Qatar accounts to over 75% of the total population in the country but there are restrictions on buying property by non-Qataris. All these regions have very high property rates making it difficult for foreigners to afford residential accommodation and lately, due to many immigrants leaving Qatar owing to economic crisis, sales of these properties has further declined.
Key Topics Covered in the Report:
Qatar Villa Market
Qatar Investment in Real Estate
Qatar Real Estate Broker Market
Qatar Property Market
Qatar Residential Real Estate Market
Qatari Real Estate Prices
Qatar Doha Property Market Ready
Hotel Room Supply Doha
Qatar Real Estate Sector Report 2017
Residential Real Estate Supply
Qatar Real Estate Market
Doha Property Market Trends
For more information click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/qatar-real-estate-market/112182-97.html
Related Reports by Ken Research
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/middle-east-real-estate-market-research-report/637-97.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/philippines-real-estate-market-research-report/29319-97.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/indonesia-real-estate-market-research-report/583-97.html
Contact:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
query@kenresearch.com
+91-124-4230204
1:48
What Toys ''R'' Us liquidation means to you
1:28
New Brewhouse on tap for downtown Olympia
2:05
Active good action for Russia, for the world! President, people in Russian Federation say: we like our team, we love our team; we like our country, we love our country; we like the world, we love the world; we are strong to make good world! We can build good relations with all good people in all countries; together we can be real World's Olympic champions. We can build good relations with all good people. We can do good economics, good social activity to do good situation in the country, in the world. Good relations for peoples is a good way for making good world. GUIDES (Anatoliy Golod: General Director in GUIDES: General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service) creates the good action to help to do good ways to do good world. You can call to GUIDES for many great good news.
Also, if you like Olympic games, you can help to do it really good; team from Russia is rather good. The Olympic games will not be representative without Russian team. So, journalists, society in every country can help to say: we want real good event on Olympic games, team from Russia should be allowed to be on Olympic games. The most sportsmen don't use dope; but few sportsmen use dope in every big country team, so it is not the reason to remove the team from any country. So, the teams, all good sportsmen must be allowed to be on Olympic games. Obviously, opposite decisions are just for the politics. But we need good decisions for peoples, for society, for good politics, for making good relations, good situations in the world, we need good politics! We should to talk about it these days or every country, every team can get different decisions in many spheres (you know, many spheres use precedent's practice, that's real reason what for conflict structures are lobbying to make sanctions for whole countries, for whole spheres). So, we should say that we need good decisions for all good oriented persons; we don't need to remove good countries, good persons from the job on Olympic games, in any sphere, but really actual to remove bad oriented structures. You know, everybody knows it, it really has big program weight. So, we have to develop all good oriented projects, we have to help to all good oriented persons, to improve casual problems, to do good results, to make the world good. Good relations for peoples is a good way for making good world. GUIDES (Anatoliy Golod: General Director in GUIDES: General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service) creates the good action to help to do good ways to do good world. You can call to GUIDES for many great good news, to help to do good politics, good social, economic, informational politics, good activities. Together we really can do good world!
Also it is necessary to take attention to do that all telephone calls will come to addressees; because bad structures have big networked in many countries for blocking advertising calls to many companies: different percent (10 to 100) for different companies, but almost for every company, they use it to change economic, social activities (bad structures use it to change economic activity, but also to control mass media, because advertisers don't pay much for advertising if they don't get result from advertising, then mass media are not so independent how they can be when they have good advertising budgets); so, if you take attention, it is possible to make that all telephone calls will come very good, it will make good social, economic results for people, for many companies, for mass media in all countries.
RUSSIA CREATES WORLDWIDE SUPPORT. To make good relations and good situations in society in the world, the General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service (GUIDES) is created in Russia, in the world, for the world. It accumulates informational resources from the all world security services who want to make good situations in the world. That's why it also names in mass media: the Central Intelligence Universe Agency (CIUA , “See I Are”: “I can see, You can see”; it is necessary to see each other, good communicate with each other to make good situations and good relations in society). Everybody should know that to make good situations in society there must be the real purpose, real reason for politicians, businessmen, for society, for all people.
Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Anatoliy Golod can meet to make good world!
When people read the news how GUIDES (General director in GUIDES: Anatoliy Golod) from Russia helped to Donald Trump on elections, people like original version: Donald Trump have got new father, who has arranged the son on prestigious work: President in the USA. Maybe Donald Trump will meet Anatoliy Golod to do more good results for good relations in the world.
People think that Presidents have much information, but you should know, that few advisors (or their department's members who give them information) can strategically do order from different structures. So, it is necessary to give information so, that really make defense, really prevent conflicts, really do good relations in society. So, if you can, please give this message to Donald Trump also, we have to talk, we can improve world politics. *You know, that the structures, which organize conflicts pay to few departments directors in few official organizations. The conflicts are the guilt of the agents who impede to give the momentous information, because they impede to discuss information, which can help to prevent conflicts. So, if their agents will impede to give the message, everybody obviously can find good journalists, good agents in official organizations etc., everybody can say, that you can give the message, to meet, to discuss the information more for good results. We have to write it, because conflict structures usually like to impede real work, their departments are lobbying conflicts to Trump, to many politicians, they want to expose that guilt are good structures who help to prevent conflicts. So, everybody can be active to help to give the information, we can really to meet, to help to prevent conflicts, to do good work for good relations in the world.
You can read more about this news:
https://www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/434277-vladimir-putin-donald-trump-anatoliy-golod-can-meet-to-make-good-world.html “Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Anatoliy Golod Can Meet To Make Good World!”
www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/410697 “Crimea was in Russia, came back to Russia”.
https://www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/409711-real-god-almighty-plus-central-intelligence-universe-agency-improve-the-world.html “Real God Almighty plus Central Intelligence Universe Agency improve the world”
www.pressreleasepost.com/russia-ukraine-are-going-to-make-good-relations-doing-repost-you-can-help “Russia, Ukraine are Going to Make Good Relations. Doing Repost, You can Help!”
www.prworld.org/content/vladimir-putin-donald-trump-anatoliy-golod-are-going-produce-good-world “Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Anatoliy Golod Are Going To Produce Good World”
http://prsync.com/general-universal-information-defense-excellent-se/father-from-russia-has-helped-to-donald-trump-really-good-sensation-1639759/ “Father from Russia has helped to Donald Trump! Really good sensation”.
https://www.prlog.org/12614378-to-improve-economics-central-intelligence-universe-agency-guides-cyber-bios.html (To Improve Economics! Central Intelligence Universe Agency. Guides, Cyber Bios)
You can read super news:
www.supercyberking.com
www.akiber.com good communications (Additional super data on Russian language: docs.google.com/document/d/1BE8BVZ69MNFZm2YjwHKRsbaeKxnaNG481tR-ZevAZts/pub )
GUIDES contacts:
+7(495)7604918; +7(985)7604918; +7(965)3188546, +7(903)1621034, +7(926)4107084.
Web page in social media: www.facebook.com/GolodAnatoliy ; vk.com/id16741608 ; twitter.com/AnatoliyGolod ; Email: anatoliygolod@mail.ru ; anatoliygolod@superdobro.com
*All symbols, all numbers can help to make good connections, good communications for good relations, for good results, for to solve casual problems, to improve situations. It is momentous to make good connection, the communications must always work good. You also can call to the communication operator to improve connection.
Contact information:
Anatoliy Golod
General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service
Address: Moscow, Russian Federation
Phone: +7(495)7604918
Email: anatoliygolod@superdobro.com
Website: http://www.supercyberking.com/
The British government has been accused of devising “unworkable” and “back of an envelope” proposals for the United Kingdom quitting the European Union.
Sinn Féin and the SDLP have issued withering statements about London's plans for leaving the EU ahead of a British government position paper that is expected to state that a customs border between the North and the South will be required after Brexit.
In advance of the paper that is to be published on Wednesday, informed sources said the British government wanted a customs border between Northern Ireland and the Republic after Brexit but one that would have a “light touch”.
The position paper, according to sources, will include proposals to make the impact of a customs Border as limited as possible. This, they said, would involve proposals such as spot checks of vehicles, the use of number plate recognition technology, and CCTV cameras monitoring the movement of goods crossing the Border.
Sinn Féin Brexit spokesman David Cullinane said that the proposals for a customs border on the island of Ireland were unworkable, bad for the economy, and not compatible with the Belfast Agreement.
“It is clear that the British Tory party are in disarray over Brexit. They have no plan, no solutions for Brexit, only slogans,” said the Sinn Féin TD.
‘Play fast and loose'
“The latest leak and briefings demonstrate that they are prepared to impose an EU frontier across Ireland and are prepared to play fast and loose with our economy and peace agreements,” he added.
“This is a non-runner. The notion of a frictionless technological border has been dismissed as nonsense and impossible to deliver,” said Mr Cullinane. “What is clear is that Tories are prepared to use Ireland as collateral damage in their negotiations with the EU.”
Mr Cullinane said the Government must stand up for the “interests of all those on the island of Ireland and argue for designated special status for the North within the EU”.
SDLP leader Colum Eastwood was also dismissive of some of the expected content of the paper. “Advance leaks indicate that Theresa May's government intends to stubbornly stick by its hard Brexit position of leaving the customs union and the single market, threatening a hard Border in Ireland,” he said on Sunday.
“Back-of-the-envelope proposals on ‘very advanced CCTV cameras' at the Border don't even enter into the realm of a serious suggestion or a credible solution,” added Mr Eastwood.
“It is almost laughable that it took the British government over a year to come up with it. Anyone who knows anything about the Irish Border knows it's a non-runner,” he said.
‘Unique circumstances'
“Any Border must be around the island of Ireland, not across it,” added Mr Eastwood. “This is the only position which recognises our unique circumstances and it is the only position which is actually enforceable. It is the only serious and credible solution to the Brexit problem which has so far been proposed.”
Meanwhile, Ulster Unionist Party Leader Robin Swann warned Taoiseach Leo Varadkar that he must steer away from pushing for a Border “in the Irish Sea”.
“Brexit negotiations should not be used as a Trojan Horse by those who seek to exploit the situation to further their united Ireland agenda. Those who have shouted loudest about protecting the Belfast Agreement have seemingly been quick to forget the principle of consent when they think they are close to getting their way,” he added.
“Northern Ireland's right to self-determination must be respected throughout these negotiations and beyond,” said Mr Swann. “The futile pursuit of a Border in the Irish Sea must be abandoned and minds must be focused on finding solutions that work for everyone – a commitment that seems to have been forgotten in recent weeks.”
Managing Fleet Compliance Data Gets an Upgrade
Madison, WI – Transportation compliance service and technology solutions provider – Fleetworthy Solutions – today announces the release of its next compliance technology offering. Called ‘eFleet Hub', the new product aims to help carrier fleets streamline and manage their data – data which typically comes from many sources – and rationalizes those streams of data in one space. Thanks to an intensive and thorough research and product development process, ‘eFleet Hub' moves private and for-hire fleets to a Single Version of the Truth solution, offering a clear view of their compliance health status in a single, online dashboard.
“We know the pain of many fleets, especially with the onset of the ELD Mandate,
and that led to development of ‘eFleet Hub'. With so many providers of telematics, so many sources of fleet data to manage, and so many places to lose track of it all, we developed this new product to ease that pain. It is a piece of technology focused on simplifying a once tedious and time-consuming task for our customers.”
– Rob Getz – CEO, Fleetworthy Solutions
An innovative tie-in to the already sophisticated and powerful Intelligent Compliance Platform – COMPLY 2.0 – ‘eFleet Hub' stands poised to make a marked difference in the everyday workflow of fleets of all types. Transportation professionals responsible for managing their fleets and all things related to safety and compliance will see the value in the new product offering of ‘eFleet Hub'.
“We currently use 3 different ELD operating systems in our fleet, eFleet Hub seamlessly brings ELD data from the 3 different providers into one system, allowing us to spend less time bringing all the data together and assuring we are compliant… Having one place to access our data is a win in my book!”
– Ray A. George CDS, CRST Director of Safety-Asset Light
In this modern era, commercial vehicle fleets have multiple data sources for HOS (manual and electronic), GPS, driver performance, fuel use, toll dollars, e-DVIR's, and more. Safety issues and violations can go unnoticed for weeks or months while sifting through mountains of data, possibly endangering fleet operations, fleet assets and drivers, and the motoring public. Fleetworthy Solutions' ‘eFleet Hub' is an addition to a fleet's toolbox – an empowering piece of technology – developed in support of allowing private and for-hire operations to fulfill their duties and customer needs in a more efficient, safer, and more compliant way.
Current integrations include data providers such as:
• Omnitracs
• Verizon Connect
• Rand McNally (DriverTech)
• Geo Tab (mygeotab)
• PeopleNet
• Nextraq
• Comdata
• And More…
If a new integration is sought, the design of ‘eFleet Hub' allows for new providers to be added with a fair amount of ease and in a shortened timeline.
Fleetworthy Solutions makes this new product available through their professional services and technology suite to transportation professionals across North America. Fleets interested in finding out more information, scheduling a demo, or inquiring on pricing can reach out online, call, or have a conversation at one of several industry tradeshows Fleetworthy attends.
Luke Perry's '90210'-inspired advice to young 'Riverdale' co-stars Luke Perry is back on a teen drama — but this time he's the veteran in the room. The 50-year-old actor, best known as heartthrob Dylan McKay on the popular...
The most vicious behind-the-scenes feuds in TV history Actors on successful television shows are trained to always give the right answers in interviews, and shift the focus away from any drama that might be going on behind the...
'Melrose Place' goes 'Unauthorized' on Lifetime Fox's campy '90s series “Melrose Place” is next up on Lifetime's cheesy menu of “unauthorized” movies. The original show, created by Darren Star (“Sex and the City”), aired from 1992...
Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth reunite for 'Mystery Girls' ABC Family is staging a “Beverly Hills, 90210” reunion The network has ordered a new half-hour comedy series starring former castmates Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth titled “Mystery Girls” to...
Ferrari could be about to announce a 'new' major sponsor for 2018.
Recently, the Spanish bank Santander announced that it is leaving Ferrari and F1.
The Spanish newspaper ABC now reports that the signage on the rear wing could be replaced for 2018 with a brand called IQOS.
According to 'invisible' Ferrari sponsor Philip Morris, Iqos is a high-tech technology device that heats rather than burns tobacco, releasing a 'nicotine-containing vapour' for the user.
"Ferrari is finalising the agreement with Iqos about replacing the agreement with Santander," ABC claimed.
It is not clear if Iqos would contravene F1's strict ban on tobacco advertising.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A father has lost his High Court action against a London IVF clinic over the conception of his daughter by his ex-partner after their split.
The man, who can only be identified as ARB, had sued IVF Hammersmith Ltd.
He said that his ex, R, had tricked doctors into impregnating her with a frozen egg fertilised by his sperm in October 2010, and claimed damages for the cost of the upkeep of the child, born the following summer.
In London on Friday, Mr Justice Jay said ARB had succeeded on all issues "save the issue of legal policy".
"It follows that there must be judgment for the clinic on the claim," he said.
The judge added: "Although he has lost this case, my judgment must be seen as a complete personal and moral vindication for ARB.
"The same, of course, cannot be said for R."
He granted ARB permission to appeal.
ARB broke up with R, with whom he already had a son by IVF, in May 2010.
A number of embryos had been frozen with the parties' consent and they signed agreements on an annual basis for these to remain in storage.
In October 2010, R handed the clinic a consent to thaw form, signed by her and purportedly signed by ARB and, on the basis of this document, an embryo was thawed and successfully implanted.
The judge said that ARB's case, denied by R, was that the form was not signed by him and must have been forged by R, as their relationship had irretrievably broken down and she had moved out of the house they were sharing.
ARB said that there were no circumstances in which he would or could have signed the form and it followed that the daughter, E, was an "unwanted child" and that the clinic must now bear the financial consequences.
The judge concluded that ARB did not sign the consent to thaw form in October or at all - and his signature was forged by R.
"I am also completely satisfied that ARB had no intention of having another child with R after May 2010.
"In October 2010, R well knew that, which explains why she resorted to desperate, dishonest measures."
The judge said that E was "by all accounts a lovely, healthy girl" who lived most of the time with R, with ARB discharging his parental duties in a separate household.
Describing it as an "extraordinary case", he said that E was born in "extremely fraught, possibly unique, circumstances".
He added: "I have held that the clinic owed a strict contractual obligation to ARB to obtain his written consent to the procedure, and that the clinic is in breach of that obligation because it did not obtain it.
"I have also held that the clinic was not negligent.
"The claim fails owing to public policy. I have held that the principles underpinning two House of Lords' decisions in NHS claim given some 15 years ago apply equally to this contractual claim."
Jude Fleming, of IVF Hammersmith, which denied liability, said: "We are pleased the court has found in our favour, and dismissed the claim against the clinic.
"We are particularly pleased that the judge found that we acted with reasonable care.
"As a clinic, we place patient care at the heart of everything we do.
"We have been clear throughout that we have always adhered to the highest industry standards and met all statutory and regulatory obligations as set out by the HFEA (Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority).
"We regularly review our processes and we have since reinforced our procedures to go above and beyond the industry standard and ensure such a case could not occur again."
St. Paul Elementary Appreciates Volunteers
The St. Paul local community members recently gave their time to the students of St. Paul Elementary of Clarendon School District One. Teachers had the pleasure of co-teaching while volunteers spent some time in their classrooms. We would like to give a big thank you to our volunteers. If you would like to volunteer, please call 803 574 2150.
Pictured from left to right
Gwendolyn Snider (Guidance Counselor)
Courtney Brown and Stephanie Barkley from Lake Marion Ins. Co.
Pastor Robert China
Ashley Frye also from Lake Marion
Barbara Hill ( Literacy Coach)
Bridget Wells Walker Tire Co.
Other volunteers included Mrs .Patricia Pringle, Mrs. Beatrice Rivers, and Mrs. Shaneka Dixon .
Barbara Hill
St. Paul Elementary School
Reading Coach
21st Century After-School Coordinator
bhill@clar1.k12.sc.us
803-574-2150 (ext 307)
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours. John Locke
BORIS HORVAT/Getty Images
Greetings, Future Tensers,
What's faster than free two-day shipping? Amazon's object and facial recognition software, which the company claims offers real-time detection across tens of millions of mugs, including “up to 100 faces in challenging crowded photos.” After its launch in late 2016, Amazon Web Services started marketing the visual surveillance tool (which it dubbed “Rekognition”) to law enforcement agencies around the country—including partnering directly with the police department in Orlando and a sheriff's department in Oregon. But now, as April Glaser reports, civil rights groups are pushing back. Last week, a coalition including the ACLU, Human Rights Watch, and the Council on American-Islamic Relations, sent an open letter expressing their “profound concerns” that governments could easily abuse the technology to target communities of color, undocumented immigrants, and political protestors. Though Amazon may not be the first contractor to partner with police on surveillance, it's one of the first major tech companies to do so—and has us watching out for what the Amazon-ification of law enforcement may bring us next.
Rekognition wasn't the only thing keeping Amazon in the news cycle. Last week, an Amazon Echo also made headlines after it was reported to have recorded a private conversation between a couple in Portland, Oregon, and then sent the recording to someone on their contact list. Though the incident seemed to come down to the A.I. misinterpreting a series of commands, Rachel Withers explains how it should be a reminder to Echo owners that their digital assistant Alexa is “always ready to listen.”
Surveillance and A.I. also play a big role in the latest installment of Future Tense Fiction, “Safe Surrender.” In it, Meg Elison tells the story of a hybrid human searching in the collective memories of a city—its inhabitants, its politics, its surveillance systems—to try to discover why their parents surrendered them when they were 3 days old. In response to the story, tech privacy expert Laura Moy explores the ways technology can be used to promote equity—or to preserve an unequal status quo.
Other things we read while thinking about Twitter's good old days:
Spring cleaning: The EU's General Data Protection Regulation may have flooded your inbox with privacy policy updates—but don't delete them just yet, writes April Glaser. Instead, take the opportunity to delete accounts from the institutions you may have forgotten were sitting on your data (looking at you, email from the sushi restaurant I ate at twice in 2016).
California Dreamin': Aaron Mak reports on states like Vermont and California that, rather than waiting for Congress, are starting to take data privacy regulation into their own hands.
Block on blocking: Slate's Mark Joseph Stern explains why a judge's ruling that President Trump can't block Twitter users represents “an extraordinary victory for free speech on the internet.”
Musk vs. media: Elon Musk's attempts to discredit reporting about Tesla's poor worker safety standards, assembly line delays, and Autopilot crashes represent some dangerous gaslighting, argues April Glaser.
Russians in your router: Josephine Wolff knows you didn't restart your home's router like the FBI asked. She explains why such an easy task might seem so arduous—and what that means for your cybersecurity.
Not yet a creeped-out owner of an overpriced paperweight,
Mia Armstrong
For Future Tense
Future Tense is a partnership of Slate, New America, and Arizona State University.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Craig Dawson is continuing to train with West Bromwich Albion's first-team, despite reports he had been ostracised in the wake of his Portugal training camp snub.
Dawson refused to fly to the Algarve last week in protest at the club's hardline stance, following rejected bids for him from Burnley and West Ham.
It was claimed, by some media outlets, that head coach Darren Moore had banished Dawson to the sidelines and ordered him to train away from the group.
But Birmingham Live understands Dawson and Ben Foster, who also opted out of Portugal, have trained with the rest of the squad since the players returned from the Amendoeira Resort on Sunday.
Phew!
West Bromwich Albion's pre-season friendly at Barnet on Saturday has been rearranged to avoid a clash with England's World Cup quarter-final.
The Baggies and The Bees were due to meet at 3pm, the exact same time as England's last eight encounter with Sweden in Samara.
But the match will now kick off at 12.30pm to allow both sets of fans to catch both games.
Free entry to the aptly-named ‘Bar 66' - located within Barnet's stadium - is available to all ticket holders keen to watch the England game.
Saturday's game is the first of five pre-season fixtures for the Baggies.
Albion are expected to sport their new home kit and hand a debut to goalkeeper Sam Johnstone, following his £6 million switch from Manchester United this week.
Batth linked
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a shock move for Danny Batth ahead of the new season.
The Daily Mirror write that Batth could be a target for Wolves' fierce rivals, who are looking for defensive reinforcements following the exits of Jonny Evans and Gareth McAuley.
With Ahmed Hegazi and Craig Dawson also wanted by top flight clubs, Albion is in need of reinforcements in the centre-back department.
Batth, who battled with Ryan Bennett for a place in the Wolves starting XI last season, could find his game time restricted further in the Premier League.
poll loading Would you like Albion to sign Danny Batth from Wolves? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Willy Boly has signed permanently and Conor Coady is set to retain his starting spot as Nuno Espirito Santo's men take on the top flight.
Our Wolves columnist Ryan Leister said: "I'd be very surprised if Danny made the move across the Black Country and not just because it's the old enemy.
"He's a popular figure within the club and let's not forget he's been the club captain for the last two promotions, so I'm not sure he's not going to give up on the club now they are finally back in the top flight.
"I'm positive he is more than aware that he'll face additional competition for places next term but for the time being, I'd say he'll keep his head down and take any opportunity when it's given."
Johnstone reaction
Albion supporters offered a generally positive reaction to the news that Sam Johnstone had become Darren Moore's first capture.
Johnstone, 25, has moved to The Hawthorns from Manchester United on a four-year deal and comes with plenty of previous Championship experience having enjoyed spells at Preston and more recently Aston Villa.
The stopper's arrival has paved the way for existing number one Ben Foster to make his move away from The Hawthorns, with Watford the likeliest destination.
It would bring to an end a seven-year association with the Baggies and, after the exit too of Boaz Myhill, it'll be all change between the sticks under Moore.
Johnstone's entrance kick-starts the club's transfer business ahead of what is expected to be a very busy month.
Here is what the fans have been saying.
Paul Harris: We've had to wait a while, but really impressed with the Johnstone signing, exactly the right age plus experience to hit the ground running in a very tough division next year. Let's just hope this is the start to a busy July and this is the first of a few to come!
Joe Crabb: Don't know what #AVFC fans are complaining about. Players go on loan to small clubs in the hope that they impress a big club to come and sign him!
Stig's Baggie Cousin: #wba have paid upwards of 6mil for a goalie. That's a sign of intent as far as I'm concerned.
Kieran Corbett: Johnstone is a good signing, realistically we would have had to replace foster probably next season anyway, and Johnstone is a good keeper
Iain Bate: Great signing for the Baggies. Be happy is this is the sign of things to come #wba
Anthony Curtis: Very happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone, especially as it took my mind off Colombia for 5 minute
Jake: Buzzing that we have finally signed someone and a very good goalkeeper #wba
Jason Wheeler: Sam Johnstone should be the template for the type of players we bring in a talented young keeper who's only going to get better and will want to play we're ultimately the club want to be the premier league & achieve that as one
What's been said
Darren Moore has hailed Sam Johnstone as "the shape of things to come" after snaffling him from under the noses of rivals Aston Villa.
Johnstone is the first signing of Moore's reign and the Baggies boss is delighted to land the goalkeeper from Manchester United.
The 25-year-old has agreed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns, having spent the last 18 months on loan at Villa in the Championship.
It is understood the fee is in the region of £6 million.
poll loading Albion fans - are you happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Yeah, buzzing Nah, not really
"Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper he can possibly be - he's hungry to do that with us at Albion," said Moore.
"We've had him targeted from the outset and we're all delighted to have him on board.
"He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come."
WHAT JOHNSTONE SAYS
"I'm happy to be here. I've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things.
"It's good to get through the door. I've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end back at Manchester United or going somewhere else.
"Now it's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here."
FILE - In this Jan. 27, 1989, file photo, actors Adam West, left, and Burt Ward, dressed as their characters Batman and Robin, pose for a photo at the "World of Wheels" custom car show in Chicago. Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti says the Bat-Signal will shine over the city on Thursday, June 15, 2017 in tribute to West, who died June 9 at the age of 88. (AP Photo/Mark Elias, File)
The Associated Press
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. - Miami Gardens police are asking for the public's help in finding a teenage boy who was last seen in December.
Police said Jabez Hayes, 15, was last seen between 5:15 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. on Dec. 24.
Hayes is described by police as a black male who is 5 feet 9 inches to 5 feet 10 inches tall, weighs 240 to 250 pounds, with black hair and brown eyes. Police said he had a low haircut and wore a black hooded sweatshirt, black shorts and white Fila slides.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Miami Gardens Police Department at 305-474-6473 or Detective Coleman at 305-474-1542.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Abuja – A 41-year-old housewife, Mrs Ifeoma Ofuegbu, who allegedly sold his husband's house without his consent was on Wednesday arraigned in an FCT High Court, Jabi.
She, however, denied committing the offence, while the judge, Justice Vera Venda, ordered that she be remanded in Suleja Prisons, and adjourned the case until June 13, for the hearing of her bail application.
Ofuegbu was docked on charges bordering on cheating, criminal misappropriation and obtaining money by false pretext.
The prosecutor, Mrs Hadiza Esai, had told the court that the defendant allegedly sold the house situated at Dawaki area of the FCT for N25 million.
She said the alleged offences contravened Sections 320 and 308 of the Penal Code.
Her lawyer, Mr Chijioke Osuagwu, applied for her bail and argued that she remained innocent until proven otherwise.
“The motion is brought pursuant to Section 6(6), 35 and 36(5) and (6b) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
“Our motion for bail is also backed by Sections 158, 162, 165 of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA) 2015.
“Our prayers are contained in the motion paper; this motion is supported by four paragraphs affidavit and we rely on all the paragraphs, especially paragraph three,” he said.
Osuagwu urged the court to exercise its discretion in granting the bail in favour of the applicant and drew the court's attention to the deteriorating health of his client.
The prosecutor did not oppose the bail application, but said that a plea bargain discussion was already on with the defendant. (NAN)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — For now, Nevada marijuana regulators won't be able to issue pot distribution licenses to businesses other than liquor wholesalers after all.
The Las Vegas Review-Journal reports (http://bit.ly/2uT17Fd) that a judge on Friday sided with the Independent Alcohol Distributors of Nevada, who have the exclusive rights to deliver recreational marijuana to sellers for 18 months.
The ruling comes a day after the Nevada Department of Taxation decided on Thursday to open up the market in order to meet demand since legal recreational marijuana sales started July 1.
The judge said the alcohol distributors are owed their due process after winning the rights from the November election ballot question approved by voters.
Six liquor wholesalers are already licensed.
A hearing is scheduled this week.
Information from: Las Vegas Review-Journal
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Stokes will not travel with the England squad to Australia on October 28.
The England and Wales Cricket Board has not made a final decision on Stokes' involvement in this winter's Ashes tour but, if he does feature, he will travel later.
The 26-year-old all-rounder is currently under investigation by police having been arrested on suspicion of causing actual bodily harm last month.
The ECB has also announced that Steven Finn will be added to the Ashes touring squad in light of the ongoing investigation by Avon & Somerset Police.
(Image: Michael Steele/Getty Images)
Neither Stokes nor Alex Hales, who has also spoken to police in connection with an alleged incident outside a Bristol nightclub, are being considered for selection until further notice.
In a separate matter, the ECB has also fined and issued a written warning to Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett following a disciplinary investigation into behaviour during the recent one-day series against West Indies.
A fire is burning on Interstate 805 near Mesa College.
The fire was reported at 2:07 p.m. near the Mesa College Drive/Kearny Villa Road exit.
The two right lanes of northbound I-805, south of Mesa College are blocked.
San Diego Fire-Rescue crews estimated the fire at half an acre. Officials said the forward rate of spread had been stopped.
No other information was available.
Please refresh this page for updates on this story. Details may change as more information becomes available.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Behavioral Rehabilitation Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Acadia Healthcare, Universal Health Services, Magellan Health, Psychiatric Solutions, CRC Health, Aurora Behavioral Health System, Behavioral Health Group, Haven Behavioral Healthcare, Springstone, American Addiction Centers.
The report begins with introducing the global Behavioral Rehabilitation market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Behavioral Rehabilitation report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-behavioral-rehabilitation-market/5889/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Behavioral Rehabilitation Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Inpatient, Residential, Outpatient.
Behavioral Rehabilitation Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Anxiety Disorders, Mood Disorders, Substance Abuse Disorders, Personality Disorders, Attention Deficit Disorders.
Key points in the Behavioral Rehabilitation Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-behavioral-rehabilitation-market/5889/#inquiry
From all of this Behavioral Rehabilitation market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Behavioral Rehabilitation market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Behavioral Rehabilitation distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Renee Zellweger's face has a new job and it's the face of legendary songstress and actress Judy Garland for her role in Judy, a biopic about the late icon. Filming just started and we now have our first look at the Bridget Jones actress as Garland, and they look nearly identical.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The biopic will center around Garland's life in 1968, which was 30 years after she played Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz and one year before she died of a drug overdose. The film will chronicle troubles with her career, sold-out concerts in London, haunting childhood memories, her romance with her fifth husband, and her desire to be with her children. The film will also feature Garland's most popular songs, including "Over the Rainbow."
Zellweger looks stunning as Garland, and the film already sounds like it'll be a moving portrait of Garland's life.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dangerous driving drug dealer from Dudley who was involved in a £1.5million cocaine and heroin plot has failed to get his jail term cut on appeal.
Lea Gavin Brown, 32, of Tanfield Avenue, Blowers Green, was jailed for 16 years at Wolverhampton Crown Court on November 10 last year.
Brown's catalogue of crime began in 2014, when police stopped a car in which he was a passenger, Judge Anuja Dhir QC told London's Appeal.
He was found to have 4.2 grams of crack cocaine in his pocket and 11.2 grams of cannabis was found at his home.
He admitted possessing the two drugs with intent to supply on the basis he and friends had 'pooled' their money and he went to buy the cocaine
The cannabis was for him to smoke socially but some would have gone to his friends and he would have made no financial gain from either drug.
Brown also admitted two counts of dangerous driving, said the judge.
On March 9 2016, he was spotted by police officers parked near to a school and they pulled their car in front of his and told him to remain where he was.
Instead he drove away and hit the police vehicle, causing a whiplash injury to an officer.
Then, on September 25 2016, he was again spotted by police, this time behind the wheel of an Audi stationary at traffic lights.
Suddenly the Audi pulled round the car in front of it, went through the traffic lights and sped off.
A 'high speed chase' ensued which saw Brown veering onto the wrong side of the road and reaching speeds of up to 80mph.
He eventually drove into a grass verge and was found by a tracking dog in a nearby garden.
Brown was also convicted of conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin after a five-week trial.
The Class A drugs plot ran from October 2015 to April 2017, with an estimated turnover of £1.5million.
It centred on the Dudley area but ranged across the Black Country and beyond.
Lawyers for Brown argued that his overall jail term was far too tough and should be reduced.
But Judge Dhir said: "The judge was obliged to impose a total sentence which reflected all of Brown's offending behaviour.
"We cannot say the his sentence was manifestly excessive," added the judge, who was sitting with two others.
"Accordingly we dismiss this application."
* Brown was part of a gang of drug dealers which was jailed for nearly 50 years last November.
Kingpin Brown, 32, used his deputy, Jason Isaarq, 26, to recruit ‘runners' who would bag up, store and distribute heroin and cocaine around Lye and Dudley from 2015.
Their empire was crushed when officers, acting on intelligence, raided properties linked to the group and seized drugs and mobile phones.
Police arrested Brown following a foot chase in Dudley town centre last September after he was spotted acting suspiciously near a Mercedes. Brown threw a bag over a wall during the chase which was found to contain drugs.
He was found to have the keys to the car which linked officers to Hammas Naeem, 23, who had taken out insurance on the vehicle. A search of his home address unearthed wraps of cocaine.
Timothy Pascall, 22, Ian Martin, 40, Anthony Smith, 23 and Isaarq all admitted conspiracy to supply illegal substances between October 2015 and April 2017.
Brown, of Tanfield Road, Dudley, received a 10 year behavioural order and 16 years imprisonment for conspiracy to supply heroin and cocaine.
Isaarq, of Robin Hood Road, Quarry Bank, was handed a 10 year behavioural order and eight years six months imprisonment for conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin.
Smith, of Heath Road, Dudley, was sentenced to seven years and eight months for conspiracy to supply heroin and cocaine. Naeem, of Valley Road, Stourbridge, received four years for conspiracy to supply cocaine.
Armed police stopping cars and pedestrians in Birmingham city centre in pre-German Christmas Market security crackdown
Martin, of Hillside Avenue, Quarry Bank, was jailed for three years and 10 months for conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin and Pascall, of Ashfield Crescent, Dudley, received seven years and three months for conspiracy to supply cocaine and heroin and dangerous driving.
ALBANY, Ore. (AP) – Rescue teams assisted a brother and sister who got lost in the fog while climbing Three Fingered Jack in the Cascade Range of Oregon.
Linn County Sheriff Bruce Riley says 25-year-old Justin Duvenik of Ashland and 21-year-old Mikayla Duvenik of Sisters called Sunday afternoon to report they were stuck on a rock face, unable to descend with visibility near zero.
Searchers found them early Monday. Mikayla was airlifted off the mountain because she had a shoulder injury. She was evaluated by medics and didn't need to be taken to a hospital. Rescuers guided Justin down the mountain on foot.
A trip to London provides an occasion to compare and contrast British politics and attitudes with those in America.
Both have, in different ways, divided government. The Democratic president has been frustrated by the Republican House of Representatives and is likely but not certain to be until January 2017.
Britain's ruling coalition has been occasionally strained by disagreements between the dominant Conservatives and the junior Liberal Democrats but seems likely to survive until the general election scheduled for May 2015.
In America, the big-spending policies of the Obama administration have been followed by sluggish economic growth, persistently high unemployment and low workforce participation.
The British coalition's cuts in what Americans call discretionary spending have been followed by roughly zero economic growth but relatively low unemployment and relatively high workforce participation.
In neither country is any party confident of winning the next presidential or general election. In both countries young voters may be critical in determining who wins.
Young voters in both countries hold libertarian views on cultural issues. They tend to favor same-sex marriage and legalized marijuana, while the elderly tend to be strongly opposed. But there is an apparent difference on economic issues.
Americans under 30 tend to support big government policies more than their elders. They're likely to tell pollsters that government should do more to solve problems — a position rejected by most American voters over the last 30 years.
This Millennial Generation was also far more likely to support President Barack Obama, who won 66 percent of their votes in 2008 and 60 percent in 2012. Obama carried older voters by only 1 percent in 2008 and lost them to Mitt Romney in 2012.
Young Brits seem to take a different view. In British Social Attitudes surveys, they reject the policy of government-paid residential care for the elderly and express approval for big companies.
They were born into a Britain where Margaret Thatcher's Conservatives privatized state industries and sold public housing units to tenants. They evidently dislike paying high taxes to support the currently scandal-plagued National Health Services (“ring-fenced” or spared from spending cuts, by the coalition government).
And they seem to heartily support the coalition's cuts in welfare spending. They may have a hard time finding jobs, and they resent those who are sponging off the government for life.
Conservatives have hopes of winning more Millennial votes in 2015. The most popular political figure among the young is London's Conservative and libertarian Mayor Boris Johnson.
And the coalition government has pushed legalization of same-sex marriage through both houses of Parliament. Prime Minister David Cameron speaks passionately on the subject.
This has caused some backlash among older Conservative Party members and voters. It may explain why the United Kingdom Independence Party, known mainly for its opposition to British membership in the European Union, has been showing increased strength in recent polls and local elections.
Are there lessons here for America's Republicans, who some says are doomed because of high support for Obama among Hispanics and (the twice as numerous) Millennials?
Perhaps. The proprietors of Obamacare are sounding panicked about the possibility that many Millennials will not sign up for insurance on the health exchanges.
The reason for panic is that health insurance won't be a good deal for the young. Obamacare requires that the relatively poor young pay for the greater medical needs of the relatively rich old.
The penalty for remaining uninsured is tiny compared to the cost of insurance premiums. And Obamacare guarantees that you can buy health insurance when you get sick or pregnant.
Obama's percentage among young voters slipped more than among their elders between 2008 and 2012. Some recent polling shows him with lower than average approval — well under 50 percent — among Millennials.
Republicans face problems with the young on cultural issues. Most Republican officeholders and voters oppose same-sex marriage.
But at least for a time, that issue was removed from national politics and sent to the states by two Supreme Court decisions.
Legalizing same-sex marriage in many states will require referendums. That tends to make the issue far less partisan. If Republicans want to appeal to Millennials, they should frame this as a matter of conscience not politics, and show respect for the strong feelings on both sides.
Young Americans, like young Brits, want to choose their future. Republicans should argue their policies enable them to do so.
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for The Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a Fox News Channel contributor and a co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. Click here to contact him, follow him on Twitter: @MichaelBarone, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (AP) — By the 16th inning, the Tampa Bay Rays had their backup catcher pitching and the Miami Marlins had one of their pitchers pinch-hit.
It was a battle of attrition and Tampa Bay won.
Jake Bauers hit a tiebreaking two-out, two-run double in a five-run 16th, ending the Rays' 13-inning scoreless streak and lifting them over Miami 9-6 on Tuesday night.
“There were a lot of people doing things they're not used to doing,” Bauers said.
That included Rays reliever Vidal Nuno (2-1), who pitched two scoreless innings and also had two hits. He was thrown out on a headfirst slide trying to stretch a single into a double in the 15th, singled home a run in the 16th and then left the game after straining his right hamstring sprinting to first base.
Nuno will likely go on the disabled list, manager Kevin Cash said.
“What a performance,” Cash said. “Amazing.”
“That was an incredible effort by Nuno, especially the dive into second base,” Bauers said. “That was one of the crazier things I've seen on a baseball field.”
Nuno became the first American League reliever to record two or more hits and earn a victory in the same game since the designated hitter rule was adopted in 1973.
Miami's J.T. Realmuto led off the 15th with a double, but Nuno pitched out of the jam.
With the Rays leading 9-4 in the 16th and short on pitchers, backup catcher Jesus Sucre took the mound for the bottom of the inning but gave up three consecutive singles and a sacrifice fly.
Jose Alvarado came on and walked pinch-hitting pitcher Dan Straily before Cameron Maybin grounded out to end the 5½-hour marathon. That gave the Rays their ninth win in 11 games.
“It got a little stressful there at the end,” Cash said. “We appreciate the win, but we're beat up.”
Announced attendance was 6,259, and a few hundred remained at the finish. The Marlins offered two tickets to each fan leaving after the game.
Johnny Field singled to start the Rays' five-run 16th against Brett Graves (0-1), and Carlos Gomez was hit by a pitch. After Kevin Kiermaier hit into a double play, Matt Duffy walked, and both scored on Bauers' double. The runs were the first for the Rays since the second inning when they led 4-0.
Right fielder Mallek Smith was yanked in the fourth inning for missing a sign, Cash said, which left the Rays even more shorthanded in the late innings. Reliever Sergio Romo batted in the 12th, struck out and remains hitless in his career.
“Definitely not how you draw it up in a lot of different ways,” Duffy said. “In a 16-inning game there are going to be some ugly things. Not an ideal day, but we're happy to come out with the win.”
Wilson Ramos hit a two-run homer for the Rays, his 12th.
Miami's Brian Anderson singled home a run in the fifth and has 33 hits with runners in scoring position to lead the majors. Teammate Justin Bour had three hits and scored once.
Rays center fielder Kiermaier threw out Anderson trying to score on a flyout to end the fifth and keep the score at 4-all. Tampa Bay's Chaz Roe struck out Realmuto with runners at second and third in the bottom of the ninth to force extra innings.
“A lot of ifs and buts in a game like that,” Marlins manager Don Mattingly said.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
8
151
156.5K
It Sure Looks Like The Winner Of This PUBG Charity Match Cheated
CTV Vancouver
Vancouver police arrested two people at the intersection of Clark Drive and East 1st Avenue Saturday afternoon, after reports of two bank robberies in the area within a half-hour of each other.
Numerous police vehicles responded to the intersection shortly after 2 p.m., when the suspect vehicle - a stolen Porsche Cayenne - crashed into several other vehicles.
Two police vehicles were nearby and were able to block the Cayenne and prevent the suspects inside from escaping, police said.
Police arrested a man and a woman who were inside the suspect vehicle.
Ryland Chernomaz was on Clark Drive at the time of the incident. He said he saw the police vehicles do U-turns and hit the Cayenne, then saw officers get out with their guns drawn.
“He's on the ground, there's another girl with him, crying,” Chernomaz said of the moment of the arrest. “I've never seen anything like it. Crazy stuff.”
The robberies took place on Commercial Drive and on East Broadway at Commercial.
Four ambulances could be seen at the scene, and police said four people were transported to hospital with minor injuries.
A total of four civilian vehicles were involved in the incident.
Clark Drive was closed for more than an hour as officers from VPD's Major Crime and Collision Investigation Unit investigated.
At GOLDWOOD, we have always taken care of our valued customers requirements. And our efforts have not gone unnoticed. Within a short span of time people know our brand “GOLDWOOD” as a premium quality product which is made without any compromise. We all are leaders in our area of responsibilities with a deep commitment to deliver results. We are determined to be the best at doing what matters the most.
We work together on the principle of mutual trust and transparency in a boundary-less organization. We are intellectually honest in delivering quality, including on time delivery.
Responsibility towards the plywood industry and associated people has been ways of life for us since decades. It is a journey in progress, much beyond milestones. We are trying to reinvent the sense and sensibility of people of wood panel industry towards the quality of plywood and associated products through our no compromise action to make GOLDWOOD
At GOLDWOOD, growth is not just centered on profits; we place sustainable development at the core of our business decisions and align our sustainability strategy with our business goals. This means concern for NO COMPROMISE action for quality manufacturing with people growth and environment safety. We therefore take it upon ourselves to produce, provide and deliver in the right way.
About GOLDWOOD PLY:
GOLDWOOD PLY is one of the top Plywood Manufacturers in Yamunanagar, Haryana. We're offering the best exclusive range of products like Block Board, Flush Door, Plywood Delhi NCR all over India
+91 (0) 1732 271400, info@goldwoodply.com
Goldwood Industries V.P.O. Fatehpur, old Saharanpur road tehsil jagadhri, Yamunanagar Haryana, India – 135101
http://goldwoodply.com/
Dallas Stars defenseman John Klingberg (3) gets a high-five after the Dallas Stars scored a goal during the second period of their game against the Nashville Predators on Thursday, December 8, 2016 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Mike Heika, Stars beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answered questions about the team in a live chat Monday. Here are some of the highlights:
Question: I agree with you for the Hanzal signing with Spezza on the roster. Do you think there is a way to trade Spezza (including 1 or 2 prospects) in exchange for a top-six winger? Would Spezza block any transaction even if he would see his ice time grow significantly with another team?
Heika: It's a tough question. Jason Spezza has made a nice home for his family here and would like to stay, I'm sure.
But if he does not seem to fit in Ken Hitchcock's system, then everyone has to be open to the possibility of a trade...down the line.
I think the best plan is to trust that all involved are professional and can find a way to make this work. That's the first option for everyone, I believe.
Question: Who are the five most important Dallas Stars for the 2017-18 season?
Heika: Another tricky question.
The easy answer is Ben Bishop at No. 1, but I think all goalies will have it a little easier because of the improved defensive play.
SUMMARY: The stalled frontal system bring the potential for heavy rain and a strong thunderstorm or two Monday and Tuesday. Details:
THIS MORNING: Warm and rainy this morning with temperatures in the upper 40s to lower 50s inland and mid 60s along the coast. Rain could be heavy at times. There are some areas of patchy fog but winds are light for the most part, out of the southeast at 5 to 10 mph.
THIS AFTERNOON: Periods of rain with the chance of a thunderstorm. Rain could be heavy at times and we could pick up 1 to 2 inches. You'll want to look for some ponding on the roadways. A cold front will be draped across the area which will set up a temperature difference between inland and coastal communities.
TONIGHT: Rain gradually tapers off overnight with lows staying warm, in the 50s.
A LOOK AHEAD: A cold front passes through Tuesday bringing with it the chance of a thunderstorm and pretty soggy conditions. When the front passes ski will being to clear and cold air will begin to build into the area.
TROPICS: Atlantic Hurricane Season begins on June 1, 2017. Click here for your tropical update.
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER! Weather changes quickly. Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson, Dontae Jones, Candice Boling, Pierce Legeion and David Sawyer- will keep you updated.
To follow us “on the go”, check out these links:
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE.
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE.
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app, available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. You can see First Alert VIPIR 9, detailed forecasts, weather maps, and severe weather alerts.
Greenville, NC Hourly Forecast 52 ° F precip: 100% 52 ° F precip: 100% 53 ° F precip: 100% 54 ° F precip: 100% 53 ° F precip: 100% 54 ° F precip: 100% 58 ° F precip: 100% 59 ° F precip: 90% 60 ° F precip: 80% 61 ° F precip: 60% 62 ° F precip: 70% 61 ° F precip: 50% 58 ° F precip: 20% 56 ° F precip: 20% 55 ° F precip: 20% 54 ° F precip: 10% 53 ° F precip: 20% 53 ° F precip: 10% 51 ° F precip: 10% 52 ° F precip: 10% 51 ° F precip: 20% 51 ° F precip: 20% 52 ° F precip: 20% 52 ° F precip: 40% 52 ° F precip: 40% 52 ° F precip: 50% 53 ° F precip: 70% 53 ° F precip: 70% 54 ° F precip: 90% 55 ° F precip: 70% 58 ° F precip: 80% 62 ° F precip: 90% 64 ° F precip: 90% 65 ° F precip: 80% 67 ° F precip: 70% 67 ° F precip: 20% 65 ° F precip: 20% 63 ° F precip: 20% 62 ° F precip: 20% 62 ° F precip: 20% 62 ° F precip: 20% 62 ° F precip: 10% 60 ° F precip: 10% 60 ° F precip: 10% 58 ° F precip: 10% 58 ° F precip: 10% 58 ° F precip: 10% 58 ° F precip: 10% Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
Graphene was isolated for the first time in 2004 and is a two dimensional (2D) allotrope of carbon. It was isolated at the University of Manchester, United Kingdom (U.K.). Graphene has very unique properties, such as light weight, high strength, and is also a good conductor of heat and electricity. Such versatile features of graphene have led scientists to explore possibilities of its application in numerous fields. Since the moment of its discovery, graphene is being researched upon for developing advanced electronic devices and their components, having better features and efficiency. Graphene can be expected to be used in conjunction with other materials, such as tantalum (IV) sulfide, carbon nanotubes and boron nitride among others, or solely to develop advanced electronic devices. Graphene field effect transistors (GFETs), graphene based biosensors and graphene based batteries and ultracapacitors has shown promising results during testing and has also been seen growing applications.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/graphene-wafers-market.html
The market for graphene wafers is a very niche market, as of 2015. However, growing interest in graphene based electronics has been fuelling the demand for graphene wafers across North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. The versatile nature of graphene has led to increase in various academic, sponsored and industrial researches, and is the primary driver for this market. Several advancements in graphene wafer production techniques have also boosted the research on graphene electronics since better quality of graphene wafers is being produced through these new methods. Variations of Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) technique is primarily used for producing graphene wafers used in electronic devices. Universities such as Sungkyunkwan University and University of Manchester among others are involved in performing research for developing graphene wafer based electronic devices. Often they are funded by electronic device makers for undertaking such research. However, certain properties of graphene, lack of homogeneity in wafer quality and availability of lower priced substitutes have been hindering the growth of this market. Some companies are experimenting with silver nanowire, such as Blue Nano and Cambrios, while others are experimenting with conducting polymers. These alternative materials are likely to restrain the graphene wafers market.
By substrate type, the global graphene wafers market can be segmented into quartz, Silicon-dioxide/silicon (SiO2/Si) and others. Silicon-dioxide/silicon (SiO2/Si) was the largest segment in 2015 and can be expected to retain the top position in 2024. By end-use, the graphene wafers market is segmented into research, semiconductor & electronics and others. Research was the largest segment in 2015, due to the various graphene based research activities been undertaken globally. Research is further segmented into academic research and others. The global graphene wafers market has been further segmented into four regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Rest of the World (RoW). By revenue, North America was the largest region in 2015.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15044
Increasing research activities and relative ease of procuring required graphene wafers are the primary driving factors in this region. Europe held the second largest market share, followed by APAC. The graphene wafers market in Europe is primarily driven by various research activities conducted in countries such as Spain, Germany and U.K. among others. Additionally, the Graphene Flagship program of European Union (EU) has also promoted the growth in research activities in this region. The APAC region can be expected to have second largest market share by 2024, owing to the growing interest on graphene wafers among academic researchers and semiconductor manufacturing companies. RoW had relatively negligible market share in 2015, of the graphene wafers market.
The key companies leading the graphene wafers market globally are Some of the leading players in the market are Graphene Frontiers (U.S.), Haydale (U.K.), BGT Materials, Ltd. (U.S.), Graphene Laboratories, Inc. (U.S.), Graphene Square (South Korea), Graphenea S.A. (Spain), Graphenesic (Sweden), Grafoid, Inc. (Canada), Amo GmbH (Germany), and XG Sciences (U.S.) among others.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is a scene in the Matrix where the lead character, Neo, wavers between taking a risk on the unknown or the comfort of familiarity.
Fellow computer hacker, Trinity, was thankfully on hand to give Neo a nudge in the right direction,
"You've been down there Neo. You know that road. And you know exactly where it ends."
I was reminded of this dilemma as I read Steve Bruce's team sheet against Hull on the opening weekend of the Championship season.
The familiarity of the faces peeping out from the tunnel wasn't particularly a surprise since Bruce and Keith Wyness had made a rallying call in pre season for the inclusion of 'real men' and experience.
The idea was that last year's team was not sturdy or resilient enough, and that it lacked the necessary character needed to string together long winning runs or show the required resolve following a defeat.
In line with this policy, Bruce has largely recruited senior pros this summer with the arrival of John Terry (the signing of the season according to Bruce), Glenn Whelan, Chris Samba, Ahmed Elmohamady, Sam Johnstone and Josh Onomah.
The average age of these signings being 29 years of age.
Amongst the departures from the first team squad was Carles Gil, Jordan Veretout, Jordan Amavi, Aaron Tshibola, Gary Gardner and Nathan Baker. The average age of the first team departures being 25 years of age.
In stark contrast to Pep Guardiola, who reduced the average of his Manchester City squad from 29 years last season to 25 years this season, Bruce has chosen to go in the opposite direction.
Guardiola has frequently lamented the age of his full-backs as one of City's main flaws and an impediment to his desire to play free-flowing, attacking football.
Bacary Sagna (34) and Gael Clichy (31) simply didn't have the legs to take risks in attack whilst being similarly effective in transition defence. Pep has now addressed this flaw through the arrival of Benjamin Mendy, Kyle Walker and Danilo.
Villa's current full-backs contributed 1 assist and zero goals last season. Fulham, who were the leagues top scorers, contributed 6 goals and 3 assists through left-back Scott Malone and five assists through right-back Ryan Fredericks.
Like Guardiola, Fulham's Slavisa Jokanovic considers the full back position to be an attacking position rather than just a defensive position.
The lack of attacking proficiency in Villa's fullback areas may be mitigated by having high quality wingers but Bruce's team currently look weak in that area also.
Bruce's preferred current options are Agbonlahor (30), a converted striker through his previous failure to convert one on one chances as a central striker, plus Hull's right-sided full-back from last season, Ahmed Elmohamady (29).
The first two Championship games this season have exposed the gulf in quality between Bruce's preferred wide options and our opponents options such as Kamil Grosicki, Junior Hoilett and Nathaniel Mendez-Laing. It is worrying that after making 12 signings, Bruce's Villa team still look relatively impotent in attack and lacking pace in wide areas.
Bruce himself acknowledged the need to make a fast start this season. He must have hoped that the likes of Terry and Whelan would take no time to adapt and would therefore inspire the team to a early win but unfortunately this hasn't happened.
Whelan has, at times, looked flat-footed in the centre of the park, but it is perhaps too early to make a judgement on him. Mile Jedinak also had in inauspicious beginning to his career at Villa and took a few games to get going.
Terry has certainly been an improvement in terms of passing from the back, but he is yet to show that his imperious best in a defence that has conceded four goals in two games.
Chris Samba looked like a giant in pre season and was handed a one year contract after impressive displays against Telford and Walsall but he struggled in awful, rainy conditions against Colchester in mid week.
Ahmed Elmohamady has looked bright at times and he seemed to be developing an understanding with Scott Hogan, but his general ball retention has been poor and he has picked up an early injury.
The summer signing who has impressed the most has been Josh Onomah who, in contrast to the stated policy of recruiting experience, is a young player who has added verve and unpredictability to a fairly static central midfield.
In addition, Onomah has looked more threatening in wide areas than Bruce's preferred wide options when he finds himself in a one on one situation.
However, this season wasn't meant to be about our summer signings, it was meant to be about stability.
Bruce was given the benefit of the doubt at the end of a disappointing first season and he was meant to be coaching the signings he made in January and moulding them into a team.
We have seen precious little evidence of this so far.
James Bree remains frustratingly on the bench behind the seemingly unmovable Alan Hutton. Conor Hourihane, arguably the best player in the Championship last season can't seem to get into the team.
Neil Taylor has been fairly solid but offers little in attack. Birkir Bjarnason appears to have no clear role in the team. Henri Lansbury has flattered to deceive and Scott Hogan is snatching at the few chances that come his way.
The first game of the season against Hull was revealing in that Villa seemed to be relying on Agbonlahor counter attacks, an obvious approach Villa have used for the past 11 years, plus long balls into the box for a big man (Samba) when things became desperate.
These two main tactics were the staple diet of Martin O'Neill's years at the club, but it also reinforced the opinion of fans who believe that Villa haven't modernised enough and remain stubbornly behind much smaller clubs like Huddersfield or Fulham.
The Bruce and Wyness strategy will now be tested again against Reading on Tuesday night.
In theory, the inclusion of so many experienced players should guarantee a positive response to the unacceptable display against Cardiff.
If it does not then more fans will begin to question the current strategy.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stick with us
David Stockdale believes an upturn in fortunes isn't far away for Birmingham City and hopes that the Blues fans can continue getting behind the team in the meantime.
Blues suffered their fifth defeat in seven matches with the narrow 1-0 defeat at Fulham on Saturday, a game where they passed up a wonderful chance to rescue a result when Jeremie Boga fired a penalty over the bar.
It's a torrid run of form that has left Blues in the bottom three, four points adrift of 20th placed Barnsley and with a crucial fixture with QPR to coming this weekend.
Stockdale has only been back for three games after a lay-off of more than two months, and has conceded as many goals in that time.
He believes Blues are edging closer to some much-needed form.
Catching the eye
The performance of Cohen Bramall against Fulham was an unexpected bonus on an otherwise cheerless day.
Recalled to the team out of necessity, Marc Roberts' hamstring injury and Harlee Dean's suspension, it was his first appearance since August 26.
In many ways it was the opportunity for which Bramall had been waiting - and difficult not to surmise that he grasped with both hands.
Here's a look at how the 21-year-old fared at Craven Cottage.
Extended stay
Birmingham City youngster Dan Scarr will remain with League Two Wycombe Wanderers until the end of the season.
The 22-year-old had been due to return to St Andrew's in the New Year but has had his loan extended after a promising first half of the campaign.
Scarr signed for Blues from non-league Stourbridge towards the end of last season but quickly picked up an injury which curtailed his involvement with the development team set-up.
(Image: Brian Dick)
Takings from THAT video
It's the video that's got Birmingham City fans talking.
Footage emerged of a number of players speaking to supporters who had waited outside Craven Cottage following the 1-0 defeat to Fulham on Saturday that left Blues in the relegation zone.
Sam Gallagher, Lukas Jutkiewicz and Maikel Kieftenbeld were three of the players who chatted to fans before getting on the team bus.
Manager Steve Cotterill also approached fans and took a number aside for an extended discussion. There has been plenty of reaction.
Here are the main talking points from the clip - and what exactly it revealed about Blues' plight.
Your vote counts
This is an experimental feature. Give us your feedback. Thank you for your feedback.
Harvey Weinstein is battling to save his career following allegations that he sexually harassed multiple women over decades, claims that have blighted the reputation of one of Hollywood's most revered — and feared — movie moguls.
The unsavoury allegations in a lengthy New York Times investigation into harassment and paid settlements by Mr Weinstein echo the scandal that has rocked Rupert Murdoch's Fox News Channel for the past year.
They have also shone on a light on a culture of predatory sexual behaviour in Hollywood, which was supposedly a relic of its infamous “casting couch” past.
Rumours about Mr Weinstein's conduct with women have swirled for years but have failed to derail his success in Hollywood, where Miramax and The Weinstein Company, the two groups he started with his brother, Bob, have won a string of Oscars for movies such as The King's Speech and Pulp Fiction.
The speculation also failed to sever the connections he forged with the elite of liberal politics. He helped endow a faculty chair in honour of the prominent feminist Gloria Steinem at Rutgers University and struck close ties with the Democratic Party's leading lights: he is a long-term supporter of Hillary Clinton, donating to her campaigns, while Barack and Michelle Obama's daughter Malia recently interned at The Weinstein Company.
Ashley Judd, left, and Gloria Steinem, the well-known feminist who has been honoured by Weinstein with a professorship in her name © Getty
“Biggest mystery of NYTimes Weinstein story: How exemplary parents like [the] Obamas let their daughter work there,” Frank Rich, the journalist and executive producer of HBO's Veep, wrote on Twitter. “The stories were out there.”
Mr Weinstein is taking a leave of absence from work following the New York Times allegations and, in a rambling apology for his conduct in which he misquoted the hip-hop star Jay-Z and mentioned his own bar mitzvah, declared that he would focus his efforts on fighting the National Rifle Association.
But it is unclear if that will be enough to earn the forgiveness of Hollywood. “He's finished,” one long-time colleague told the FT. Another agreed the scandal could be fatal for Mr Weinstein's Hollywood hopes. “It's hard to see a way back from him after this.”
The Weinstein Company board was due to meet on Friday to discuss the allegations against Mr Weinstein. The company declined to comment. The New York Times alleged that some Weinstein Company board members and executives were informed of the allegations in 2015 but decided against investigating further.
In a public apology Mr Weinstein said: “I came of age in the ‘60s and ‘70s, when all the rules about behaviour and workplaces were different. That was the culture then.”
He promised to become “a better person”. And yet he is also fighting back, telling the New York Post that he would sue the New York Times for its “inability to be honest with me, and their reckless reporting. They told me lies. They made assumptions”.
He has hired a heavyweight legal team to fight his corner, with Lisa Bloom, who represented several women who alleged sexual harassment by Bill O'Reilly, the disgraced Fox News star, working alongside Charles Harder.
Lisa Bloom has been hired to the Weinstein legal team © AP
Mr Harder vaulted to the top tier of celebrity litigators last year when he won $140m in damages for Hulk Hogan, the celebrity wrestler. Hogan — real name Terry Borrea — had sued Gawker, the online media group, after it published a sex tape in which he featured. Gawker was forced to file for bankruptcy following the verdict.
Mr Harder said in a statement that the New York Times story was “saturated with false and defamatory statements” about Mr Weinstein and relied on “mostly hearsay accounts and a faulty report, apparently stolen from an employee personnel file, which has been debunked by nine different eyewitnesses”.
Ms Bloom said in a statement that Mr Weinstein was “reading books and going to therapy,” adding: “He is an old dinosaur learning new ways.”
This year Mr Weinstein optioned the rights to Ms Bloom's book, Suspicion Nation, about the killing of the black teenager Trayvon Martin. Ms Bloom is the daughter of Gloria Allred, a celebrity lawyer who often represents alleged victims of sexual harassment — including Summer Zervos, a former contestant on the NBC show The Apprentice. Ms Zervos had alleged that she had been harassed by its then presenter, Donald Trump.
Ms Allred implied her daughter had been wrong to represent Mr Weinstein. “I do not represent individuals accused of sex harassment,” she said. “I only represent those who allege that they are victims of sexual harassment.”
As he begins his leave of absence, Mr Weinstein will have a chance to look back on a career in Hollywood that had in recent years produced fewer standout hits than in a decades-long purple patch that yielded a glut of Oscars.
With his brother, Bob, he revolutionised independent cinema, turning it into a thriving global business with their Miramax company. Named after their parents, Miriam and Max, and later acquired by Walt Disney, Miramax delivering a string of hits such as Sex, Lies and Videotape and The English Patient, proving that critical and commercial success were not the preserve of the industry's biggest studios.
He would earn a reputation as Hollywood's most wily Oscar strategist and in 1998 pulled off one of the greatest best picture shocks, masterminding a campaign that saw Shakespeare in Love defeat the highly fancied Saving Private Ryan.
The brothers left Disney in 2005 to set up The Weinstein Company, backed by $1bn raised by Goldman Sachs where, after a blip, the hits kept coming — such as Academy Award winners The Artist, The King's Speech, and The Iron Lady, for which Meryl Streep won an Oscar.
He is likely to face a frosty reception from Hollywood's creative community when — or if — he decides to return. Patricia Arquette, who starred in Miramax's True Romance alongside Christian Slater, took to Twitter to applaud Ashley Judd, who alleged harassment by Mr Weinstein, and Rose McGowan, who was mentioned by the New York Times as one of the women who allegedly settled a harassment claim against him.
“I'm sure it wasn't easy to come forward but in doing so you helped a lot of others who might not have been heard,” Ms Arquette wrote.
By Lauren Blair
What could have been a life-threatening crisis turned out to be simply an unexpected overnight camping trip for 61-year-old snowmobiler Chris Zigler.
The Wyoming man went snowmobiling alone in the Bakers Peak area in northeastern Moffat County Sunday afternoon.
He snowmobiled south to Black Mountain, approximately 10 to 15 miles from where he parked his truck, when he turned off his snow machine and was unable to get it to restart, according to Moffat County Sheriff …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
Honda has pulled the plug on the 150 European Championship, a youth support series to the FIM Motocross World Championship, Youthstream announced today.
According to the release, Honda will shift its focus to “increasing support” of the EMX250 and MX2 championships.
The program, which began in 2013 and was designed to help guide young riders into EMX250 and MX2, ran in conjunction with five rounds of MXGP in 2017: Germany, Portugal, Belgium, Sweden, and The Netherlands. Adrea Adamo won the 2017 title, in which all racers were equipped with the Honda CRF 150R.
Gordon Crockard, off-road manager at Honda Motor Europe, added:
“I am proud to have been involved in the Honda European 150 Championship which provided such a fantastic opportunity for the young riders of tomorrow. I can only imagine how amazing it must have felt for them to be racing on the same MXGP circuits as their heroes on the same day in front of a global audience.
"It was amazing to be able to help guide the riders, parents and mechanics throughout the championship seasons and I would like to thank them all for presenting the bikes so well on race day. It was great to see the families show so much love for motocross and also to see the Honda CRF150R perform so well in various conditions in World Championship racing.
"I remember many emotional moments and sharing both the highs of success and the disappointment of defeat together with the riders. A highlight was seeing the progression of the riders who have competed in the 150 series performing in more senior championships. This year we witnessed a great example of this with former 150 Championship runner-up, Alberto Forato, racing for Honda and enjoying success by winning EMX250 races in 2017.
"I also have great admiration for Shana van der Vlist, having previously raced in the 150 Championship, Shana has finished 8th and 10th in the overall Womens World Motocross Championship rankings in the last two years. All this while she is still a teenager.
"Honda will continue to invest in the future stars of motocross. We will strengthen our support in EMX250 and MX2 and with the all-new 2018 CRF250R -- which is designed to offer ultimate performance -- we will give our supported teams and riders the best possible chance of success.
"I would also like to thank all of the Honda 150 Championship sponsors and partners, who provided material and technical support to Honda over the past five years, thank you.
"A special thanks has to go to Gerry Bryce and his Racedays team of staff for all the dedicated hard work over the 5 years, delivering a truly wonderful championship for Honda.
It's been fantastic, thank you to everyone.”
France 13 Ireland 15
One swing of Johnny Sexton's right boot has changed everything. Ireland made desperately heavy weather of putting away a gutsy but limited French team in the Parisian rain, and this was altogether more fraught than they would have liked.
This was in part of Sexton's own making, when missing an insurance penalty that might have put Ireland two scores clear, before France conjured a try out of nothing.
And so it looked for all the world that despite dominating territory and possession (68 per cent both counts), and taking a stranglehold on the game, when Ireland failed to pull clear they became nervier and edgier. It was not a particularly creative or fluent performance, with plenty of grunt and application, and until the fraught final quarter plenty of efficiency and discipline.
But having seemingly given a sucker an even break, Ireland will take enormous satisfaction from digging so deep to salvage only a third win here since 1972, reclaiming a 22 metre restart through the magnificent Iain Henderson before going through 41 phases for Sexton to kick one of the mightiest long-range drop goals to win a game in this competition from 45 metres.
A nouveau France defended with spirit and obduracy, even if they looked limited. They were perhaps made to look so by the degree to which Ireland controlled and monopolised possession, with Bundee Aki, Robbie Henshaw, CJ Stander (25 carries), Cian Healy, Henderson and James Ryan typifying Ireland's work-rate. At the back, Rob Kearney was largely imperious, and Keith Earls looked dangerous, but lived off scraps.
Ireland did occasionally find some space - or at any rate softer yards out wide - but, whether dictated by the weather and the greasy pill, were content to mostly to recycle off one-out runners and wear Les Bleus down. In a stifling game, France made the only two line breaks.
Ultimately Ireland snatched the win from the jaws of defeat, as the home crowd roared their team to one last defensive set. They were left shell-shocked, as the entire Irish squad converged on Sexton and smothered him back in the Irish 22.
No-one in the 78,878 attendance could quite believe it.
On a cold day in Paris the forecast of showers gave way to fairly persistent rain and, although it had lightened come kick-off, the conditions were still dank and dark, with a glistening but sodden surface.
Despite France's dismal run, and almost zero confidence of a home win amongst the French media, the home supporters seemed buoyed by a remodelled if inexperienced French team.
Not that the PA pre-match fan fare allowed for any crowd atmosphere to be gauged, although there appeared to be a good Irish crowd in attendance judging by Ireland's Call, before the usual hearty rendition of La Marseillaise.
Ireland's Bundee Aki is tackled by Matthieu Jalibert of France. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho
Ireland had to settle into the game quickly, and be uber efficient Conor Murray's box kick from the kick-off was well chased and Murray himself tackled Yacouba Camara into touch. Best's first throw located James Ryan at the tail, and Sexton went out the back for Aki to beat Virimi Vakatawa quite easily for Stockdale to link with Earls. When Sébastien Vahaamahina was offside at the ruck, Sexton kicked the game's opening points.
Match Stats
Kearney then chased and won an up-and-under by Sexton, and Earls easily read a cheeky chip up the middle by Jalibert, the 19-year-old displaying the temperament as well as the creativity which has marked his stunning rise.
Les bleus, encouraged at each of the early put-ins by the home crowd, went after a Irish scrum, but Kevin Gourdon wasted a free kick by fumbling his attempted quick tap.
Ireland's next three pointer emanated from a great take in the air by Murray, Ireland then narrowing the French midfield before Sexton went out the back for Kearney to hit the line and link with Earls. After Henderson trucked it up, Camara was penalised for not rolling away, and Sexton made it 6-0.
Ireland would have settled for 6-0 entering the second quarter. Save for a few boos, the quietness of the French crowd reflected well on Ireland's start.
However, the need for accuracy was demonstrated at an under-resourced Irish ruck, which prompted Ryan to pop the ball up to Murray. He was nailed by Maxime Machenaud, Rabah Slimani kicked through and Rob Kearney tidied up, as he does, by gathering on the slide and bouncing to his feet.
After Slimani was then penalised for pulling Cian Healy to the ground at the next scrum, Ireland again employed Aki to truck it up, as he'd also been doing efficiently, usually winning every collision. He won this one too, ploughing through Jalibert. There was a clash of knees, prompting Nigel Owens to stop the game as both players were being treated, and he then insisted Jalibert went for an HIA.
Ireland went for the jugular then, attacking mostly through one-off runners as Stander made one good rumble over the gain line. But after 13 phases they lost their shape and ran out of numbers when Healy was isolated by Vakatawa's tackle and Jefferson Poirot helped to effect the turnover.
There was the unusual sight of Kevin Gourdon ripping the ball off Stander and when Rob Kearney attempted to run the ball back he was tackled well by Chavancy, and Gourdon was quickly over the ball to earn the penalty with which Maxime Machenaud opened France's account.
Owens was on hand to stop the game again when van der Flier went down injured, and left the fray to have his right thigh iced and be replaced by Dan Leavy. On Ireland went through the phases, trying a few inside balls into traffic, although Aki made good yardage, before Vahaamahina lined up Murray as he was about to pick up ruck ball.
The lock couldn't resist the temptation, inanely ploughing into the Irish scrumhalf, and Sexton made it 9-3 just before the break. This was greeted solemnly, with a ripple of boos. Sweet music to Irish ears, albeit it had been hard yakka for the modest lead.
A tad disconcertingly, it had followed the exact same scoring pattern until the same point two years ago, when France won 10-9.
That was quickly changed after Henderson won a fine turnover penalty and when he trucked it up after the maul was held up, Vahaamahina was done for offside and Sexton made it 12-3. The French lock, something of a serial offender, repeated the offence soon after.
France's Maxime Machenaud and Yacouba Camara tackle Conor Murray. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho
Ireland went through the phases again, 15 of them this time, after Henshaw trucked it up, and were inching closer to then line when Poirot ripped the ball off Furlong and Machenaud kicked downfield, where Earls gathered and used his footwork to ease any danger. But when Dan Leavy was pinged for holding on, Machenaud made it a six-point game again.
Cue a rendition of La Marseillaise as scrums were re-set as the home crowd, much like the home team, were forced to live off scraps.
When Guilhem Guirado was pinged for not rolling away, Sexton's miss from 15 metres to the right of the posts failed to give Ireland the two-score breathing space again. Sexton's pass forward then resulted in France attacking wide off a scrum, and Vakatawa beating Earls on the inside. Soon after, Earls was penalised for tackling the big winger too high.
This had long since entered squeaky bum time. Eyeing the prize, Ireland were becoming edgier in their play.
France just needed one big play to go in front, and out of nothing, as they do, manufactured it in the 72nd minute. It came from a quick throw, as they also do, when Kearney found a long touch and the chase was poor. Teddy Thomas threw infield to Belleau, who returned it to Thomas as Murray attempted the tackle, and the winger skinned Kearney on the outside before veering inside Stockdale, with Sexton and Earls unable to stop the winger sliding over the line.
Suddenly everything was going France's way. When Earls failed to gather a high ball, it still seemed to go backwards but Owens, a long way off the play, adjudged the ball had gone forward. This gave France an attacking scrum inside the last five minutes, at which John Ryan was penalised for going down. But Belleau missed the 40 metre penalty to the left.
This was Ireland's break.
Henderson, at the apex of a storming game., brilliantly reclaimed Sexton's short 22 metre restarts, and entering the 78th minute, Ireland begun a remorseless last drive from just outside their 22. Initially, they struggled to make halfway, until Sexton risked a pinpoint cross kick to Earls who gather and danced and carried, while critically Kearney was there to effect the clear out.
France's Teddy Thomas celebrates scoring their try with teammates. Photograph: James Crombie/Inpho
On and on they continued, mostly one-off runners again, with Henderson, Aki and Stander again continually offering themselves for carries, and everyone took turns at clearing out. For 41 phases. Then Sexton, who at one point in the drive was stretching his left leg while on the ground, called for the pass from Murray. He was fully 45 metres out, and to the left of the posts, but he gave it everything. Just watching him rather than the ball, he was the first in the ground to raise his arms, to be followed by the pockets of Irish supporters and then, most importantly, Owens. Yet another post-80 minute dramatic endgame for Owens, who had been the referee when Ronan O'Gara landed his after 40-plus phases for Munster against Northampton.
The clock stopped on 82 minutes, 47 seconds. Talk about one kick changing a storyline.
Scoring sequence: 3 mins Sexton pen 0-3; 22 mins Sexton 0-6; 36 mins Machenaud pen 3-6; 39 mins Sexton pen 3-9; (half-time 3-9); 47 mins Sexton pen 3-12; 54 mins Machenaud pen 6-12; 74 mins Thomas try, Belleau con 13-12; 83 mins Sexton drop goal 13-15.
France: Geoffrey Palis (Castres); Teddy Thomas (Racing 92), Rémi Lamerat (Clermont Auvergne), Henry Chavancy (Racing 92), Virimi Vakatawa (Racing 92); Matthieu Jalibert (Bordeaux-Bègles), Maxime Machenaud (Racing 92); Jefferson Poirot (Bordeaux-Bègles), Guilhem Guirado (Toulon) (capt), Rabah Slimani (Clermont Auvergne), Sébastien Vahaamahina (Clermont Auvergne), Arthur Iturria (Clermont Auvergne), Wenceslas Lauret (Racing 92), Yacouba Camara (Montpellier), Kévin Gourdon (La Rochelle). Replacements: Anthony Belleau (Toulon) for Jalibert (30 mins), Dany Priso (La Rochelle) for Poirot, Cedate Gomes Sa (Racing 92) for Slimani (55 mins), Paul Gabrillagues (La Rochelle) for Iturria (61 mins), Marco Tauleigne (Bordeaux-Bègles) for Lauret, Antoine Dupont (Toulouse) for Machenaud (both 66 mins), Adrien Pelissié (Bordeaux-Bègles) for Guirado (74 mins), Machenaud for Dupont (76 mins). Not used: Benjamin Fall (Montpellier).
Ireland: Rob Kearney (UCD/Leinster); Keith Earls (Young Munster/Munster), Robbie Henshaw (Buccaneers/Leinster), Bundee Aki (Galwegians/Connacht), Jacob Stockdale (Ballynahinch/Ulster); Jonathan Sexton (St. Mary's College/Leinster), Conor Murray (Garryowen/Munster); Cian Healy (Clontarf/Leinster), Rory Best (Banbridge/Ulster) (capt), Tadhg Furlong (Clontarf/Leinster), Iain Henderson (Ballynahinch/Ulster), James Ryan (UCD/Leinster), Peter O'Mahony (Cork Constitution/Munster), Josh van der Flier (UCD/Leinster), CJ Stander (Shannon/Munster). Replacements: Dan Leavy (UCD/Leinster) for van der Flier (37 mins), Jack McGrath (St. Mary's College/Leinster) for Healy (61 mins), Sean Cronin (St. Mary's College/Leinster) for Best (68 mins), Devin Toner (Lansdowne/Leinster) for James Ryan (both 68 mins), John Ryan (Cork Constitution/Munster) for Furlong (70 mins), Fergus McFadden (Old Belvedere/Leinster) for Stockdale (75 mins). Not used: Luke McGrath (UCD/Leinster), Joey Carbery (Clontarf/Leinster).
Referee: Nigel Owens (Wales)
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Real-Time PCR System Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143450/request-sample
Real-Time PCR System market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Real-Time PCR System Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Real-Time PCR System industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Real-Time PCR System Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Real-Time PCR System market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-real-time-pcr-system-market-professional-survey-report-143450.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Real-Time PCR System market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Real-Time PCR System market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Real-Time PCR System industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Real-Time PCR System market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
TOP JOB: The winning steer paraded by Scots PGC College Cattle Club with leader Meg Everett and breeder David Achilles.
MYRIAD title wins have thrown the Southern Downs into the spotlight at the Ekka this year.
Scots PGC College's Cattle Club competitors collected titles.
Agricultural science teacher Peter Collett said there was a lot to be proud of from a week of tough competition.
"Justin Rohde won fifth out of 87 students for the junior paraders for the 16-18 years class and that's a really exceptional result. ” Mr Collett said.
"The red angus steer I suspected would win its class in the junior-led steer class for schools.
"The weight range for his class was 445-490kg so we were really happy to get him to specifications.
"Another steer got sixth in a class with a high number of entries so we were really pleased overall.”
Mr Collett said the Ekka results were a testament to the strength of the school team.
"Scots has sent students to the Ekka for about 20 years now,” he said.
"While we've got that experience under our belt we did have a small team with six students and seven head of cattle going down, and competing against 27 other schools.
"They worked their backsides off though and compared to other schools where there might be 50 students entered, they really did well.”
Among other wins, former Scots PGC student David Bartley presented the Grand Champion Steer this year.
Allora cattle breeder Alan Hoey took out the inaugural Wagyu Challenge as part of the coveted Paddock to Palate contest at this year's Ekka.
Southern Downs tourism and regional promotion portfolio councillor Rod Kelly said it was great to see so many of the region's producers taking top marks on the Brisbane stage.
"Whether it's beef and lamb or horticulture, our produce is top quality and people are coming here to buy the produce, or the
seed stock to improve
their herds or learn from
the farmers here,” Cr
Kelly said.
"Producers from this region have been long time exhibitors at the Ekka and I don't think a year's gone past where they've been judged at that level, but the fact they keep winning is a testament to them and how strong our rural industries are.”
For more on the Ekka, find the Southern Downs Bush Telegraph inside today's Daily News.
Suffice it to say the process of Lions selection has changed over the years. The first tour in 1888 was dreamt up by three cricketers and was on the whole comprised of players from northern England looking to make a few quid. One of them, Jack Clowes, was even banned from playing any of the matches by the RFU for accepting a generous £15 kit allowance on the eve of the tour – he spent eight months away without officially playing a game.
Even after the dawn of professionalism however, things were not quite so stage-managed as today. On Wednesday those players selected can find out by turning on their TVs and watching the tour manager, John Spencer, reading out Warren Gatland's chosen few.
Only the captain has already been given the official nod by Gatland, but it was not always this way, as Simon Shaw, a three-time tourist in 1997, 2005 and 2009, explains. “Before the 1997 tour I got called to sit at the same table at the Rugby Writers' dinner with Fran Cotton,” says Shaw. “Midway through dinner he whispered in my ear – it sounds a bit creepy doesn't it – he basically said if I can carry on in the same mode post-Six Nations and stay injury free then in all likelihood I'd be on the plane.”
In those days it was made official with a letter through the post – Austin Healey famously hid his flatmate Will Greenwood's in 1997 – and while different players will adopt varying approaches on Wednesday – some will be at training, others on holiday and one or two perhaps even hiding under the covers – it is the coaches who have agonised over the past weeks and months. Phil Larder served as assistant to both Graham Henry in 2001 and Clive Woodward four years later, having been England's defence coach between 1997 and 2006.
“The difficulty always is trying to be 100 per cent honest and fair with your Lions hat on,” he says. “I knew the England players inside out and one of the problems that [fellow assistant] Andy Robinson and myself had in 2001 was that if we had picked our strongest team it would have had 12 English players in it. Even after the tour we felt that if England had been out there instead of the Lions we would have won the series. If you look at the Lions, you've only got two or three matches before the Tests start in which to blend a team. It's a hell of a difficult job.”
According to Larder, Henry, who publicly picked a long list in February 2001, was a coach of his own mind. “He talked about producing the best rugby union team ever,” says Larder. “He was looking for the people with the ability to win good, fast, set-piece ball and then we were blessed with world-class attackers.” Henry's long list did not include Jason Robinson, who was yet to start for England when named as part of the touring party. So did Henry need convincing? “Not at all,” says Larder. “Jason was a bit special.”
Woodward, meanwhile, has been roundly criticised for turning to his 2003 World Cup winners and for picking a bloated squad that was split into two teams with a clear distinction between the midweek and Test sides. “Some of the players that Clive had known personally were three or four years older and some of them had declined,” says Larder.
“The World Cup-winning team was the oldest team in the competition. Some of the players were not quite as good as they had been. Some of the new players, he didn't know them as well. Usually it's the players that have been outstanding in the Six Nations that get into the squad and the Test team. The others on the periphery were down to Clive because he had seen all of it. I think Gatland is putting himself in a similar position.”
Gatland has the final say then, but it is worth bearing in mind a memorable clip of the official documentary from the 2013 tour in which Graham Rowntree implores the head coach to select Alex Corbisiero. The England loosehead was not part of the initial squad but injuries elsewhere dictated he went on to play a starring role in the first Lions series win for 14 years. Fulfilling that reserve role can be tricky, however, as Shaw, who was omitted from Woodward's 2005 squad but seconded while on his way to play in Martin Johnson's testimonial match, can testify.
“The problem with 2005 in particular was that there were in effect two very distinct teams,” says Shaw. “It would be a week before you saw half the squad. I also went straight into a game, got off the plane, trained a couple of times and played against the Maoris which didn't help my cause.
“I knew about the Lions but I didn't appreciate the enormity of it all in 1997. In a sense it all came a bit easily but missing out in 2001 was a huge blow, not actually being there when it was all going on but seeing all the footage, that really drives it home. It really, really hurts more than anything.”
If it sounds like an ordeal for the players, however, spare a thought for the backroom staff and fitness coaches, tasked with whipping a group of tired players at the end of a long season – many of whom they are unfamiliar with – into shape for a gruelling tour. “Warren really builds characters around him that he knows will get on with each other, whereas in 2005 Woody just brought the best,” says Craig White, the strength and conditioning coach in 2005 and 2009, when he was reunited with Gatland, having worked with the New Zealander at Wasps.
“And maybe they didn't gel but Warren is really good at understanding if they are going to get on with one another.
“Looking at the forthcoming tour one of the things Warren does so well is that he chooses a management team who are real energisers, one of the strengths of Warren is that he looks for psychologists. They'll know whether to give them time off, make them train harder, put an arm around them or let them let off some steam. A lot of them will be really good people managers.
“In 2009, if you asked me what the main difference was I would say without a doubt, people. They were more down to earth, more grounded, more laid back, with a real concern for the player at heart. That's what Warren's really good at doing, just not being so serious. There was a lot more fear around that tour than in 2009.
“Warren will probably pick the squad with a few surprises in it. But what he does very well is he picks players who might not be the best in the world at that current time but they'll be very, very durable so he'll end up with a lot of durable players. Warren is unique in the sense that he puts fitness first.”
So what are the words of wisdom from those who learned the lessons of 2005? “Personally I feel like they've got an almost impossible job,” says Larder. “I thought that I didn't have enough time with the team before we played the first test to produce a defensive pattern and a defence I was satisfied with. It was just an impossibility, there just wasn't enough time. We got slaughtered, didn't we?” Over to you, Warren.
Guardian services
Museum League provides hands-on volunteers who ensure the success of the 23rd annual event
The Museum League of the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History presented its 23rd annual ArtWalk over the weekend featuring the theme “Parks & Landmarks of Santa Barbara County.”
The celebration of art opened Friday with the private Artists & Patrons Reception, where guests met featured artists Rick Garcia, Ray Hunter, Ralph Waterhouse, Ellie Freudenstein, Frank Serrano, Paul Panossian, Ann Sanders and Steve Curry.
The weekend festivities opened the museum's grounds to art shows, artist booths, live music, food and wine. Sponsors included Alma Rosa Winery and Lucas & Lewellen Vineyards.
“I keep on doing the event to help the museum in this special way,” said Patti Ottoboni, longtime event co-chair. “I added it up this year: The Museum League has raised $725,000 over the past 22 years at ArtWalk.”
Easter Moorman, the museum's marketing and public relations director, confirmed the dedication of the Museum League group.
“The League volunteers are just amazing,” Moorman said. “They come back year after year tirelessly planning the event. Sue Adams and Patty Ottobani have co-chaired for at least 13 years.”
Attendees were seen touring the grounds and exhibition halls, pointing to paintings and photographs of local sites that held special memories and meaning for them. Along with the featured artists exhibit and the juried show, local artistic vendors displayed jewelry, art, ceramics, clothing and furniture for sale at outdoor booths.
A top moneymaker for ArtWalk this year was a large 30-inch-by-90-inch oil painting by Ralph Waterhouse, titled Hendry's Beach, that sold for $14,000, with 25 percent of the proceeds benefiting the Museum League.
For more information about the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History, click here or call 805.682.4711.
— Noozhawk contributing writer Rochelle Rose can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points, Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday.
Virginia (22-1, 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), which beat the Orange 68-61 in January, has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson, who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start.
Syracuse (15-8, 4-6), in desperate need of a signature victory, was coming off a four-point loss at Wake Forest in which it shot 30 percent (15 of 50), and the offensive futility continued against the nation's best scoring defense.
The Orange shot under 40 percent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around. Syracuse finished 17 of 50 (34 percent) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome.
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle, Frank Howard, and Oshae Brissett — and they didn't deliver. Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting, Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points. Syracuse was 4 of 20 from beyond the arc.
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defense (37.7 percent), just behind Virginia, but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offense and hit 12 of 24 shots in the first half to take a 10-point lead at the break. None came from second-leading scorer Devon Hall, who missed the only shot he attempted.
As expected, the game was a methodical, slow-paced slog with each team repeatedly shooting at the end of the shot clock, especially the Orange. The Cavaliers, who never trailed, found room inside the Orange's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes.
Virginia built its biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late. Ty Jerome hit a 3 from the top of the key with 6:32 left for a 23-18 lead and Hunter hit another from the left corner just over two minutes later.
Jerome's second 3 of the period completed the surge and was a beauty of teamwork. Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket, Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome, and he swished it.
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes, a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left as the Orange were held to 8-of-23 shooting (34.8 percent), 3 of 11 from beyond the arc (27.3).
The Orange, who had to work hard for every shot, got a jolt of applause from the home crowd on Frank Howard's dunk off a steal by Marek Dolezaj that moved Syracuse within 36-27 early in the second half.
The good feeling was short-lived. Mamadi Diakite hit a fall-away jumper along the baseline at the shot-clock buzzer after nearly losing the ball out of bounds, and Guy followed with a long fall-away 3-pointer from the right wing for a 41-27 lead with 13:23 left.
Diakite matched his season high with 12 points.
The Cavaliers put the game away with a 12-0 run midway through the second half and finished 23 of 47 shooting (48.9 percent).
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Cavaliers are on a serious roll and are poised to take over the top spot if Villanova stumbles.
INVISIBLE MAN
Syracuse center Paschal Chukwu was a factor in the first game between the teams, notching a career-high 16 rebounds and scoring nine points in 35 minutes. The 7-foot-2 Chukwu had zero points and three rebounds.
BIG PICTURE
Virginia: Virginia continues to subdue its opponents with its stifling defense and has separated itself from the rest of the conference. No other team in the ACC has fewer than three losses. The Cavaliers have road games against Florida State, Miami, Pittsburgh and Louisville before closing out the regular season at home against Notre Dame.
Syracuse: The Orange have three more chances to notch a signature victory to bolster their resume for NCAA Tournament consideration, with games still on the schedule against No. 4 Duke, No. 19 North Carolina and No. 20 Clemson. Last season, the Orange had three upsets of top-15 ranked teams on its home floor and so far this year they have none. Syracuse also only has one road win in conference play, and that came against last-place Pittsburgh, which is winless in 10 conference games.
Market Highlights:
Security orchestration is defined as the method of connecting security tools with existing security systems to better operate organizations' security operations. Technological integration with the existing tools allows enterprises to adopt advanced security technologies using both internal and external resources.
The key players in the global Security Orchestration Market are FireEye, Inc. (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Intel Security (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Huawei Technologies (China), Hexadite (U.S.). In the light of recent market developments, FireEye, Inc., a prominent player in security orchestration market offers solutions and services associated with security orchestration. The solutions offered by the company help the users improve their response time, minimize risk exposure, and maintain a process consistency throughout the security program. Cisco Systems is another significant player in security orchestration market. Their security orchestration solutions help enterprise network management team to manage all the operation related to the security program. They also provide security solutions for cloud-based application and minimizes complexity.
Get Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5994
The key factors driving the security orchestration market include the rapid deployment of cloud-based solutions, growth in the BYOD trend and increasing security breach incidents. Moreover, enterprises are deploying security orchestration solutions to protect the networks from data breaches and threats. However, a combination of security analytics with security orchestration can create market opportunities in future.
Global security orchestration market is estimated to grow at CAGR of approximately 15% during the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players in the global security orchestration market are FireEye, Inc. (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Intel Security (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Huawei Technologies (China), Hexadite (U.S.), Phantom Cyber Corporation (U.S.), Tufin (Israel), Swimlane LLC (U.S.), and CyberSponse Inc. (U.S.) and others.
Segments
The global security orchestration market is segmented into component, application, deployment, organization size, and vertical. The component segment consists of solution and service. The service segment is bifurcated into professional services, consulting services, training and education, support and maintenance and managed services. The application segment is bifurcated into threat intelligence, network forensics, ticketing solutions, compliance management and others. The deployment segment consists of cloud and on-premise. The organization size segment comprises small and medium enterprise and large enterprises. The end-user segment consists of BFSI, energy and utilities, government, healthcare, retail, IT & telecommunication and others.
Regional Analysis
The global security orchestration market is studied in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. North America market is expected to have the largest market share in the global security orchestration market owing to the presence of major players, well-established research & development center and demand for cutting-edge security technology. Asia Pacific region is expected to be the fastest growing in the security orchestration market. The growth in the region is attributed to rising adoption of cloud-based security solutions and need for advanced security solutions to combat cyber-attacks.
Access Full Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/security-orchestration-market-5994
Intended Audience
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy Firms
Software Providers
System Integrators
Independent software vendors
Consulting firms
Value-Added Resellers (VARs)
Managed Security Service Providers (MSSPs)
Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Market Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
Continued…
List of Tables
Table 1 Global Security Orchestration Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table 2 North America Security Orchestration Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 3 Europe Security Orchestration Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 4 Asia Pacific Security Orchestration Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Continued…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Global Security Orchestration Market Segmentation
Figure 2 Forecast Methodology
Figure 3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis of Global Security Orchestration Market
Continued…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Solutions, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Arsenal 5 Everton 1
Aaron Ramsey hit a hat-trick with Arsenal fans treated to their first showing of their January transfers in tandem as both Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang shone in a comfortable 5-1 win over Everton.
Aubameyang joined from Borussia Dortmund on deadline day for a club-record fee, uniting with his former team-mate Mkhitaryan who had come in earlier in the window from Manchester United in a swap deal for Alexis Sanchez.
Ramsey would go on to shine alongside his all-star team-mates as he hit his first career hat-trick with the Gunners wrapping up a well-deserved win.
The new arrivals needed just six minutes to have an impact as the pair combined to allow Ramsey to tap in the opening goal of the contest.
Laurent Koscielny added the second and Ramsey struck again before close friends Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang combined as the latter scored on his debut – albeit from an offside position.
Substitute Dominic Calvert-Lewin pulled one back for Sam Allardyce, who will want to forget his 500th Premier League game as a manager in a hurry, before Ramsey completed his hat-trick with a fine strike.
Mesut Özil, challenged by Gunners boss Arsene Wenger to become the leader of his side after opting to sign a new deal at the Emirates Stadium, was involved in the first goal.
He laid a pass in to Aubameyang, who freed Mkhitaryan to cross low for Ramsey to tuck home from close-range for his first goal since October.
Mkhitaryan had looked a little lost as he came off the bench to make his debut in defeat at Swansea but he soon found his feet here, flashing a shot inch wide of Jordan Pickford's right-hand post as Arsenal went in search of a second.
The home fans were not made to wait too long. A 14th-minute Özil corner was flicked on by Shkodran Mustafi and Koscielny arrived in front of Aubameyang to send a diving header past Pickford.
As with the recent home win over Crystal Palace, the early goals kept on coming for the Gunners, as Ramsey scored his second with a long-range shot which deflected off Everton debutant Eliaquim Mangala.
Everton had offered very little until the returning Theo Walcott latched onto a simple through ball which split the under-fire Arsenal defence and set him away, only for Mustafi to make a late block.
Aubameyang showed his blistering pace soon after as he left the Everton defence for dead to latch onto a sumptuous Özil through ball, only to run wide and fire in a low shot which Pickford saved.
The Gabon striker did score his first Arsenal goal with a deft chip from Mkhitaryan's pass, although he should have been flagged offside.
The onslaught continued and only the post prevented Nacho Monreal heading in his third goal in as many league games with the Everton defence all over the place.
Allardyce switched to a back four for the second half and it almost paid dividends as Walcott's low cross was turned onto the post by Oumar Niasse.
Walcott's unhappy return ended when he was replaced by Calvert-Lewin, who then headed home past Petr Cech before the Arsenal goalkeeper limped off.
Ramsey would complete his hat-trick courtesy of another Mkhitaryan assist as Arsenal's superb home form continues in stark contrast to their away showings.
A Garda recruit has resigned from the force after it was found he paid a woman €15,000 for a sham marriage so he would gain the right to live and work in Ireland.
The man, who is from Asia, paid an Eastern European woman to be his “bride”. Through his marriage to an EU citizen he secured the right to reside in Ireland permanently and work here.
Last year, about three years after the sham marriage, he was so sure he had cheated the system and his sham marriage had gone undetected, he applied to join the Garda.
He passed the aptitude and physical tests and was among the successful applicants to reach and pass the interview stage of the recruitment process run by the Public Appointments Service.
He had never been in trouble with the police in his home country and his immigration status appeared in order, because of his marriage to an EU citizen. As a result, nothing about him flagged any suspicions or warnings during security vetting.
He passed the vetting stage and was offered a place in the Garda, which he took up last year. He entered the Garda College in Templemore, Co Tipperary, last November.
However, in recent months detectives working on the Garda's Operation Vantage had been continuing to probe suspected sham marriages between men and women from what are regarded as risk countries.
While the Asian man was almost six months into his Garda training, his marriage was identified as suspect some weeks ago. He and the woman he married, as well as two other people, were interviewed separately last weekend by detectives working on Operation Vantage.
All four suspects admitted their roles in two sham marriages in Dublin about five years ago. And the Asian man immediately resigned from the Garda.
Informed sources said he was highly regarded in the Garda College and that those who knew him were shocked to learn he had been involved in a sham marriage.
A criminal investigation is now underway and a file is being prepared for the DPP. The former Garda recruit, who was training to be a full-time member of the force rather than a reservist, also faces deportation because he is now an illegal alien.
The Irish Times understand the man who has just resigned from the Garda arrived in the Republic with a friend from their Asian country of origin around five years ago.
After initially claiming asylum here they then married two women from Eastern Europe. Both of the women are gay but they agreed to marry the men for a fee of €15,000 each.
The marriages were carried out without incident. And in interviews with the Irish National Immigration Service (INIS) both couples satisfied staff their marriages were genuine and so the men were given permission to live and work in Ireland on a permanent basis.
Their marriages occurred just before a major Garda clampdown on sham marriages in the Republic between men from Asia and EU citizen women.
However, though the Garda recruit and his friend managed to evade the 2014-2015 clampdown at the time, marriages that occurred during that period continue to be investigated by the Garda.
How the scam detected in 2015 worked
The men involved were mostly from Pakistan, Bangladesh, India and Mauritius and were paying between €10,000 and €20,000 each to marry women from eastern Europe and Portugal. The men were coming to the Republic, often from mainland Britain after their permission to reside there had expired.
They were claiming asylum in the Republic, which allowed them to reside here pending the processing of their application. The men were then using an international criminal gang specialising in sham marriages to find European brides and marry them for a large fee.
However, when the numbers of men from a small number of Asian countries claiming asylum in the Republic of Ireland spiked sharply in 2014 the Garda began investigating.
They soon realised the Asian men had been coming here and claiming asylum as part of a sham marriage scam. New legislation was introduced to give the Garda greater powers to investigate suspect sham marriages and to object to a marriage that was planned on the basis it was believed to be bogus.
After around one year of investigation, the Garda made a series of arrests in November, 2015.
The Garda said at the time a Dublin-based international crime gang has arranged up to 1,000 sham marriages in the Republic and generated between €10 million and €20 million through the fees it had charged.
KAHI Radio Official Broadcast Partner For Lincoln Potters
KAHI Radio is proud to announce that we will be the official radio broadcast station for the Lincoln Potters baseball team. The Potters are set to begin their inaugural 2017 season on June 1st.
The Potters play a 62 game schedule this summer. The Potters will sport their home uniforms for 32 of those games, when they host Great West League opponents at the newly renovated McBean Memorial Park in downtown Lincoln. Their season could potentially be extended beyond the 62 games if they make the playoffs which directly follow the regular season conclusion.
The Great West League's other teams that will be battling the Potters for those playoff spots will be the Chico Heat, Marysville Gold Sox, Medford Rogues, Portland Pickles and the Yuba City Bears.
The Lincoln Potters Baseball Club's ribbon-cutting event is right around the corner as it is scheduled for March 22 at 5:30 p.m. You can watch the ribbon be cut at 436 Lincoln Blvd., Suite 104 and enjoy complimentary beer, wine and Old Town Pizza slices. For more information or any questions you may have, visit Lincolnpotters.com or call (916)209-3444.
Also, the Potters are offering fans a free chance to check out the squad on the diamond during FanFest night at 7:05 p.m. on May 29. Take the family out to McBean Park baseball stadium, located at 65 McBean Park Drive, to get the communities first view of it's team when they split the team and scrimmage each other. Once again this event is free so bring the whole family and invite your friends.
For single game or season ticket packages visit lincolnpotters.com and click on the tickets/promotions drop down menu.
Continue to check KAHI.com for all the Potters updates and remember you can hear all the Potters action starting June 1st right here on “the voice of the foothills” AM 950 KAHI.
The Lions provided something of a template for their defence on this tour against the Crusaders last Saturday.
But the intriguing, and slightly unnerving, aspect of this was the response of the Highlanders, who found space in behind the Lions wingers with their richly inventive array of cross-kicks, kick passes and, most of all, deft grubbers. The All Blacks Think Tank assuredly took note.
To keep a team which had averaged 37 points per game try-less, and to just three points, was an impressive effort and was founded to a large degree on the Lions ultra-fast line speed in defence.
But if Lima Sopoaga, Malakai Fekitoa and Tei Walden can find green grass in behind the Lions wingers, then one can be sure Beauden Barrett and his buddies will be able to do so as well.
The Highlanders kicked the ball 37 times in open play, more often than not to good effect, and there were few more intrigued onlookers than Lions' kicking coach Neil Jenkins.
“It's good preparation, isn't it, very good preparation,” said Jenkins in reference to the Highlanders' kicking game being a warning shot for the Test series. “Not just Sopoaga, they were shifting it out one and the ‘12' put them through as well and constantly Fekitoa is looking for them as well.”
“He's used it quite a bit in the Super Rugby as well so I think it's a tactic of theirs across the board but they certainly brought an extra level with it last night. They were constantly looking for it behind our wingers, trying to find gaps in between our frontline and our fullback. I think that's pretty good practice for what's coming a week Saturday, there's no doubting it.”
Twelve years ago the Lions were not especially good on the pitch but, with Clive Woodward's adherence to Vince Lombardi time, they were at least punctual.
These Lions have been notoriously tardy in their media commitments, presumably due to their need to cram so much preparation into their manically demanding and intense itinerary, as well as an understandable sense of priority. Training time comes before media obligations.
However, on the day before the Blues game, this afforded the media a unique vantage point at the QBE Stadium in Auckland as Owen Farrell, Johnny Sexton, Dan Biggar and Leigh Halfpenny all went through an extended kicking practice under the watchful eye of Jenkins.
Good kicker
Four years ago, Halfpenny was chosen as the place-kicker for the Tests, seemingly much to the chagrin of Sexton. Warren Gatland has intimated that this decision rested with Jenkins four years ago, and will do so again on this tour, although the former Welsh and Lions goal-kicker suggested otherwise.
“I don't think it'll be just mine,” said Jenkins in reference to this decision.
“It'll be between us; there's no doubting us. Obviously [Andy] Faz is a pretty good kicker himself so he's got a good insight into that as well. There'll be a discussion between all the coaches so whoever we feel, if there is more than one playing in the team, someone's probably going to be disappointed.”
“There was four years ago with Johnny as Leigh was kicking and it's not an easy conversation. We certainly had that four years ago but that's life and I like to think he [Halfpenny] fronted up four years ago and did the job. Leigh had a pretty good series so I have no doubt that whoever kicks this series will be very strong. So we'll have a very good kicker.”
Halfpenny is likely to be the place-kicker this Saturday against the Maori All Blacks, and hence could yet assume that role again in this series.
Farrell had seemed the favourite to fulfil this crucial role, but missed a penalty to push the Lions two scores clear against the Crusaders last Saturday, when adamant that his penalty had been inside the line of the right upright, and again when he had the opportunity to open up a five-point lead against the Highlanders with ten minutes remaining last Tuesday with his first touch after replacing Dan Biggar.
That was a costly miss, although Jenkins is in agreement with Farrell regarding the overruled kick against the Crusaders which cleared the height of the uprights.
“It was over. It was,” said Jenkins, laughing.
“We were in behind it and it was over. Look, it's incredibly hard to be a referee and a linesman. If you're standing underneath the posts you can't tell me if that's gone over or if it's just crept in or not. It's quite difficult to see if you're standing quite literally looking straight up, so you know, the ref has to take control there as well and if he's unsure then maybe you do go to the TMO. But both me and Owen felt the kick was certainly over. It just crept in but, you know, the decision's made and that's how it is, you've just got to get on with it.”
Elliot Daly's late penalty against the Highlanders having been moved back a few metres, which Jenkins admitted was the right call, the Lions kicking coach says they know the range of each of their kickers, although there are countless variables at play.
“Pretty much, we'll have a guideline. For most of them, from the halfway line I'm not saying they would be comfortable, but they wouldn't be far off. It just depends on the day but you've also got to play the conditions in New Zealand.”
“There can be a little bit of a freeze in Auckland. Hamilton is the same – we've been there quite a few times with Wales and it can be quite tough – and Wellington can be very tricky.
“So there are different scenarios which might mean the kickers' range is up to 55m, or down to 40 or 45m. It depends on the conditions. We will adapt to that when the time comes.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Joe Gomez has played himself into England contention with a series of fine displays for Liverpool this season.
The 20-year-old defender missed virtually all of last season following a serious knee injury but he's fought his way back into contention and has been playing regularly this season.
Gomez, who joined Liverpool from Charlton three years ago, is currently captain of England's under-21 team and made his senior debut last year.
His showings in the Premier League and Champions League under Jurgen Klopp this term have many people thinking Gomez is a certainty to be on the plane to Russia.
And the bookmakers appear to agree with Gomez at 10/11 to be included in Gareth Southgate's 23-man party headed for Russia.
Gomez has shown his versatility to play at right-back this season and he appears well suited to the right central defensive role in England's three-man defence.
Traditionally, England hopefuls learn their fate shortly after the Premier League season ends in May.
THE South African government has suspended an immigration official and her three supervisors at the Beitbridge Border Post after a video of ...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A "polite and well-mannered" teenager who was caged for murdering an innocent man as he walked home from a night out lost an appeal against his sentence.
Ammar Kahrod, 18, stabbed James Brindley to death only a few hundred metres from the victim's parents' home in Aldridge, Walsall, in June last year.
Mr Brindley, who was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time, was confronted by Kahrod and stabbed through the heart.
Kahrod claimed he acted in self-defence, but was convicted by a Birmingham Crown Court jury of murder in February.
He was detained for life and ordered to serve a minimum of 17 years behind bars before applying for release.
Today, the case reached court as his lawyers fought for a cut in the term.
But senior judges said 17 years was justified for a murder committed by an offender who had taken a knife onto the streets.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
The Court of Appeal heard Mr Brindley was walking near The Croft as he made his way home from a night out in Aldridge town centre.
He was said to be "calm and sober", but was confronted by the then 17-year-old, who killed him in a confrontation that lasted less than 35 seconds.
Lawyers for Kahrod, of Walsall Road, Aldridge, today argued that the 17-year minimum term was too tough.
He had not intended to kill Mr Brindley and the confrontation itself was not premeditated, they said.
(Image: Handout)
Reports from the institution where he is currently held described him as being "polite and well-mannered" and having behaved well, the court was told.
But appeal judge, Sir Andrew Smith, said the term was deserved for the killing of Mr Brindley.
"While death was not intended, the consequence of stabbing in the chest are all too obvious and his actions were all too likely to have fatal consequences," he said.
"Although the attack was not premeditated, the fact remains that he was on the streets with a knife.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Of course, when sentencing a young offender, the court will have regard to the welfare of the offender, but this will not blind a judge to the seriousness of the offence.
"The stark aggravating feature of this offence...is that he had taken a knife with him to the street, where he used it."
The 17-year term, which Kahrod must serve before he is entitled to apply for parole, was upheld.
Waterford FC have announced a double managerial appointment, with Pat Fenlon and Alan Reynolds coming in as director of football and first team manager respectively.
Fenlon enjoyed success as the manager of both Shelbourne and Shamrock Rovers, winning five Leagues of Ireland titles, and also took Hibernian to consecutive Scottish Cup finals in 2012 and 2013.
Reynolds meanwhile helped the Blues earn promotion to the top flight twice as a player, and will be hoping to repeat the trick from the dugout following a stint as John Caulfield's assistant at Cork City last season.
The arrival of Fenlon and Reynolds follows Swindon Town chairman Alan Power takeover of the club in November last year.
The club is currently undergoing a rebranding, which has included reverting to their original name of Waterford FC.
On the announcement of the new management team, Power said: “I'm delighted to welcome both Pat as our new Director of Football and Alan as Head Coach to the club. Pat and Alan are highly respected in League of Ireland circles and to have both men on board for the beginning of a new era here at Waterford is fantastic.
“To me, it was always about getting the right people to lead the club forward and with Pat's experience and Alan's knowledge of Waterford, I think that we've got the perfect combination to lead this club back into the Premier Division which is our aim for the 2017 season.
“It's exciting times ahead for the club and I thank our fans for their patience in waiting for these key appointments. The announcement of both Pat and Alan is a signal of our intentions to make this club a great one again. I welcome them both and wish them all the success in building a squad that's aim will be to bring top flight football back to Waterford.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I'm also delighted to confirm the appointment of Paul Cleary as General Manager of the club and I wish him the very best in this very challenging position.”
Speaking on his appointment as director of football, Fenlon said, “I am delighted to be involved in such an exciting project. Waterford has always been a great football City, with a fabulous history.
“Being Director of Football is a new and exciting role for me and I would like to thank Lee Power for giving me the opportunity to put the structures in place to bring the club forward.
“I am looking forward to working closely with Alan Reynolds and will support him and the other technical staff in our efforts to bring success to the club.”
Meanwhile Reynolds said, “I'm thrilled to be involved with this new era for Waterford. Working with Pat Fenlon again is something that I'm really looking forward too.
“Hopefully we can get the people of Waterford behind the club, supporting the team and we can look forward to some exciting nights at the RSC.”
Waterford also announced three new signings ahead of the new season. Paul Murphy is to join from Wexford Youths, Dean O'Halloran joins from Bohemians and Dave Mulcahy has rejoined from Cork.
Fenlon and Reynold's task of steering Waterford back to the top flight has been made more difficult with only one side earning promotion next season.
Marriage and civil partnership in the UK have undergone many changes in recent years in both legal and social status.
[PORTSMOUTH, 04/07/2018] – A party to a marriage or civil partnership can take action that could lead to divorce or dissolution when the relationship is beyond repair. Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will explain the formal legal process for terminating a marriage or civil partnership.
Divorce is the legal dissolution of a marriage and can only be obtained by a court order (a decree absolute) – the same applies for a dissolution of a civil partnership. Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will inform prospective clients on the stages necessary to obtain a divorce or dissolution.
Grounds for divorce and dissolution
Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will need to prove to the court that a marriage or civil partnership is beyond repair by employing legally recognised grounds. These grounds include:
Adultery (currently only applicable to heterosexual couples)
Unreasonable behaviour
Desertion
Two years of separation with mutual consent
Five years of separation (mutual consent is not required)
If any of the above claims are substantiated in court, then it is likely that divorce or dissolution will be granted without considerable delay. Andrew & Andrew family solicitors have extensive experience in family law matters. Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will strive to resolve disputes in the best interest of the children and other vulnerable family members.
The process
The legal process of divorce or dissolution begins when Andrew & Andrew family solicitors issue a divorce of dissolution petition on behalf of their client. When children are involved, Andrew & Andrew family solicitors will also file a form known as a Statement of Arrangements in order to ensure that the needs of the children are sufficiently met.
Divorce and dissolution proceedings can be brief or long – it all depends on co-operation and mutual consent of the petition. In general though, unless there are complications or delays, a divorce or dissolution can be obtained in six months or less with the help of Andrew & Andrew family solicitors.
All of Andrew & Andrew family solicitors follow the Resolution Code of Practice that aims to the positive management of the consequences of a divorce of dissolution.
Police have received complaints over Neil Lennon's conduct during Hibernian's victory over Rangers.
The complaints centre around the Hibs head coach's goal celebrations at Ibrox on Saturday.
The Northern Irishman cupped his ears and raised a fist towards the Rangers fans as he celebrated Simon Murray's goal, which made it 1-1. Hibs went on to win 3-2 after Rangers midfielder Ryan Jack was sent off following a clash with Anthony Stokes.
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: “We have received complaints and inquiries are continuing.”
Following the match, Lennon insisted he had no concerns about his celebrations after the 20th-minute goal.
When it was suggested Rangers assistant manager Helder Baptista had spoken to police about Lennon, he said: “I didn't make a gesture, I celebrated a goal.
“If they are unhappy about it they can come and tell me. But I shouldn't get into trouble for doing that.
“I am celebrating a goal. What way are you supposed to celebrate a goal?”
Scottish Football Association compliance officer Tony McGlennan could also look into the incident.
Lennon has a two-game suspended ban hanging over him following a clash with Morton boss Jim Duffy last season. The ban would be triggered if Lennon was found guilty of misconduct before the end of 2017.
People at the Burj Plaza before the New Year's Eve fireworks. In the global index, London, New York and Paris retained their top spots — but the future rankings are less certain.
Dubai: Dubai's strengths in human capital, business activity and information exchange were enough to name it as the most “global city” within the Gulf, part of a global ranking done by the consultancy A.T. Kearney. Abu Dhabi came in second and ahead of Doha, Riyadh and Jeddah.
In the global index, London, New York and Paris retained their top spots — but the future rankings are less certain. “While London attracted the highest FDI in 2015 globally, that may change given the Brexit vote,” the consultancy states. Future candidate cities for top honours could be Melbourne, San Francisco, and Geneva, “driven by changing policies and a shifting landscape”.
“At a greater scale and speed than ever before, cities face unprecedented growth of human and societal needs,” said Mauricio Zuazua, Partner with A.T. Kearney and co-author of the report. “And at the same time look to boost their economic productivity and competitiveness to increasingly stratospheric levels to be relevant and win in the global stage.
“Evidently no two cities are the same, and any city looking to play in this league must define its unique position and points of sustainable differentiation and competitive advantage.”
Global platform
Dubai's standing will be built around its newly launched Industrial Strategy 2030, which aims to transform the city into a global platform for knowledge-based and innovation-focused businesses.
The report states that “Dubai has the highest growth potential among the GCC cities across all dimensions and is already emerging as a leading global city.”
According to Michael Romkey, Principal at the firm and a co-author of the report, “Dubai is a fantastic example of how a city plans ahead. It has a high growth potential among the cities in the GCC across all dimensions and continues to capitalise on its current capabilities and position.”
Another strong contender would be Kuwait City, with its “strong growth in human capital and business activities largely the result of a recent move toward political stability, evolution in the health care sector, and major plans for infrastructure development.”
For information on the real estate sector, within the UAE, please visit our sister site, GNProperty.com.
Los Angeles, USA – 2 June 2017 – The RROC has been created with the objective of helping all of the people from Orange County manage their refrigerator repairs. It's hard to imagine existence in 2017 without a proper working refrigerator at home, especially with the increased temperatures in the state of California. People these days take this luxury for granted but one hundred years ago it was hard to imagine a life with such an amazing commodity at home. People were using cellars and various tricks as to preserve their goods fresh.
The refrigerator repair Newport Beach is the service that everyone would be looking for when problems appear with the refrigerator. As with every machine, the refrigerator is bound to run out of juice at some point in time and having a specialist's number in the phone book is only a sensible thing to do beforehand. The Newport Beach refrigerator repair has long history of working with various companies and individuals in order to manage hundreds of machines in working order all over the Orange County and beyond its borders as well.
More and more people are going for the Sub-Zero refrigerator repair when they need to make sure that the goods that are in deep storage can be maintained that way. Some of us would give away much just not to lose the precious goods that have to be kept frozen or at super low temperatures. The Thermador refrigerator repair is especially important for the people that have to manage their lives with medications – most of the high impact modern medications are required to be kept at a low temperature before being used, or injected into the vein.
OC Refrigerator Repair Pros will make sure that all of the equipment is working just right and that the things that have to be repaired are taken care of quickly and thoroughly. This is the point that needs to be emphasized because the refrigerator repair Newport Beach doesn't leave any work undone and the reviews on the web are a testament to that. More and more people are finding out that this company is the best on the market and that going for their services is probably the best solution for a broken down fridge in the region. Do not hesitate to contact them when in need of assistance or just to check that everything works fine at this point in time.
Contact:
Company: OC Refrigerator Repair
Web site: http://refrigerator-repair-oc.com/
Phone: 714-312-5968
Fax: 714-312-5968
Email: info@dnvappliance.com
Address: 2618 San Miguel dr, #391 Newport Beach , CA 92660
It's tough to be contrarian on a stock that's up 638% in the past 12 months.
But despite these big gains in the shares of Advanced Micro Devices AMD, -1.70% this mercurial chipmaker checks off one contrarian box in spades.
Well more than half of Wall Street sell-side analysts still have a “sell” or a “hold” rating on the stock, notes AMD bull Brian Smoluch, who helps manage the Hood River Small Cap Growth Fund HRSRX, +0.17% .
He's looking for even more gains ahead. Call him greedy if you want. But I'd give Smoluch some credence. His fund beats competitors by 4 percentage points, annualized, over the past five years, according to Morningstar. At a time when most managed funds lag the market, this record stands out.
Hood River did recently trim its AMD position ever so slightly, according to filings at the end of January. But AMD was still the fund's top holding, representing 4% of the portfolio. That's a significant outsize bet in the conservative land of mutual funds, where managers often strive to stay with the pack by limiting position size to around 2% or less to reduce single stock risk.
Why is Smoluch putting so many chips on AMD's chips?
It's all about Zen. Not the psychological state of Zen Smoluch needs to stay with a concentrated position in such a highflier. Rather, the Zen line of chips that AMD is about to roll out.
Advanced Micro Devices' current “Bulldozer” chip architecture never really did much for shareholders. It got a lot of hype, and it led to an AMD recommendation in my stock newsletter in March 2011 at $9. Then the stock got bulldozed. By the start of 2016 AMD shares had fallen 77% to $2. Anyone who held throughout is now up 50%, given that the stock is more than a five-bagger since early 2016, crushing the S&P 500 SPX, +0.40% , which has climbed 17% since then. Admittedly, though, it's pretty tough to stick out a 77% stock loss, unless you have Warren Buffett's long-term perspective and nerves of steel.
The best Chromebook you can buy (2:29) Samsung's Chromebook Pro goes up against the iPad Pro and Microsoft Surface Pro. WSJ's Joanna Stern weighs the pros... and cons. Photo/video: Drew Evans/The Wall Street Journal.
AMD bulls now look for even more gains thanks to a major chip rollout starting in March, which should continue with several hits throughout 2017.
Here's some background: Over the last two years, AMD's chief competitor, Intel INTC, +0.36% slowed down the rate at which it was pushing chip technology. That left an opening for AMD to cook up the Zen chip and catch up. AMD's Zen chip architecture fixes Bulldozer with a 40% improvement in clock speeds, a key measure of how fast chips function.
“They have a new architecture that is starting to ramp right now that should put them at a competitive level with Intel, which they have not had for years,” says Smoluch.
The potential here looks particularly promising because AMD has such small market share. Its market share has been beaten down to 1% or less, depending on the type of chip and end-market product they're in. “There is so much headroom for them in terms of market share,” says Peter Karazeris, a tech analyst with Thrivent Financial. “Basically they just need their products to get any acceptance at all, and they will do well.”
How much business can they take? The main market to watch is servers. “We don't think it's unreasonable for them to get to 10% share if the technology works well. And we think it does,” says Smoluch. He cites potential customers who have tried test versions of Zen chips and confirmed that they're great.
Leaked performance tests of new AMD graphic processor units (GPUs) also support this conclusion, says Morgan Stanley analyst Joseph Moore.
Bulls also expect AMD to take back significant market share in PCs and laptops.
AMD's new chips will sell at much higher margins than the more commoditized chips it now sells for game boxes and other devices — its current meat and potatoes business. “There is a lot of operating leverage in the business if they get it right,” says Smoluch.
Sources of demand
Tech-sector experts cite two reasons why there's a hunger for an Intel chip competitor among companies that buy lots of servers or chips to put in servers they make, like Alphabet GOOG, +0.15% GOOGL, +0.13% Facbook FB, -0.15% Amazon AMZN, -0.02% Microsoft MSFT, +0.37% Yahoo YHOO, -0.97% and Akamai AKAM, -0.08% and hardware suppliers like HP HPQ, +0.12% Dell, Lenovo and Alphabet.
First, no one ever wants to be dependent on one supplier. “If you are a manufacturer, you don't want to be beholden to one company,” says Tom Vandeventer, portfolio manager of the Tocqueville Opportunity Fund TOPPX, +1.20%
Second, AMD will price its chips lower, and this will offer an opportunity for companies like Alphabet, Facbook and Amazon to reduce costs. “One of their biggest costs is the gross margin they pay to Intel for Xeon processors,” says Rohan Kumar, an analyst with Hood River Small Cap Growth Fund. AMD will help these companies “cut one of their big cost centers, and they haven't been able to do that for 10 years,” he says. He estimates that AMD's 14 nm chips will cost about 15% less than 14 nm chips from Intel.
Consumers will be able to save money, too. PCs and laptops sold at retailers like Best Buy BBY, +3.00% will probably cost about 10%-15% less with AMD without much performance loss.
Here's a sweetener for investors: AMD has been such a train wreck for the past several years that it has about $6 billion in net operating losses to shield profits from taxes.
A few serious challenges
So why is half the sell side negative on AMD?
The biggest problem: AMD doesn't have the research and development budget commanded by competitors Intel and Nvidia NVDA, +0.37% . “We see it as unlikely that a company spending 8% of Intel and Nvidia's combined R&D budget is going to continue to thrive over the long haul,” says Morgan Stanley's Moore.
Read: Michael Brush says Nvidia's stock can beat the broader market for years to come
Near term, this suggests AMD may have trouble keeping up as Intel continues to push the limits of technology to move further down the path of “die shrink” in chip production. Indeed, Intel will best AMD later this year.
The most advanced chip manufacturing now uses 14-nanometer (nm) production. A nanometer is a billionth of a meter, and “14 nm” refers to the distance between components or nodes on a chip. Reducing this distance is a major R&D challenge, but it's what allows chips to keep getting faster.
Intel introduced its 14-nm technology in 2014. But then it surprised investors in 2015 by announcing it would delay transition to the next level, 10 nm, by about a year, to later this year. That gave AMD the opportunity to catch up with 14-nm production — which it did with the Zen chip.
“Intel left a hole for AMD to exploit, and AMD appears to be exploiting it nicely. But historically these windows do not last forever,” cautions Morgan Stanley's Moore.
Indeed, Intel should begin closing the window in the second half of this year when it releases its first 10 nm chips, called Cannonlake. “Nobody should doubt Intel's superiority when it comes to process technology for microprocessors,” says Moore. “We think the opportunity for Zen is unlikely to grow meaningfully in 2018.”
Intel has a lot of motivation to defend its market share. Its growth has been weak. Excluding gains from the acquisition of chipmaker Altera, Intel's revenue has only grown by $2 billion, to $58 billion, since 2011, notes Moore, or less than 1% annualized. “Intel is going to put up a fight,” he says.
AMD bulls think their favorite chipmaker will keep up. Smoluch believes AMD could match Intel with 10-nm production next year or just leapfrog down to 7 nm. AMD CEO Lisa Su is already talking about Zen II and Zen III — to keep pace with Intel, and more. “We are actually in the process of developing now in 7 nm,” she said in the company's fourth-quarter conference call. “We think the 7-nm foundry road maps that are available are very competitive and will ensure that we have a strong multigenerational road map.”
That remains to be seen. But to buy AMD shares now, you have to believe that she's right. Meanwhile, here's a more concrete road map — the list of AMD's Zen products due out this year.
Ryzen
A desktop version of this high-performance, Zen-based central processing unit (CPU) is supposed to ship in early March. The sever version will come out in the second quarter. Ryzen notebook processors will ship in the second half. You can expect sales of chips for consumer-oriented products like laptops and PCs to ramp faster than Ryzen chips for servers used by businesses, says AMD.
Vega
AMD's Polaris GPU has been holding its own among gamers. But the Zen-based Vega line of GPUs due out in the second quarter promises to make more serious inroads on business at Nvidia, the category killer. “The expectation is that they can claw some share back from Nvidia,” says Vandeventer.
As a GPU, Vega will also power computer systems used in high-end design, advanced data analytics, and machine learning.
Naples
Designed for use in servers, this CPU will launch in the second quarter. Though it's a high-end chip, AMD CEO Su describes it as a “general purpose product” suitable for use across several applications, from big data analytics, cloud computing, and storage, to communications and more traditional day-to-day apps deployed by companies.
At the time of publication, Michael Brush, a Manhattan-based financial writer, had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. He has suggested AMD, AMZN, FB, GOOGL and AKAM in his stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks.
PORTLAND< Ore.– The proceedings should only have taken 10 minutes but early on Judge Marilyn Litzenberger got the ear of the public defender who thought the pool camera and any reporting on the case was too titillating and had no value to the public. this put the breaks on the case. one by one 2 reporters including KXL's Rosemary Reynolds and two cameramen with TV stations stated their case as to why the public needed to know what happened… and the safety issues involved. After 40 minutes of back and forth the judge agreed to have reporters stay and video was permitted in spite of Todd Schneider's family protests. Schneider is accused of stabbing Kasey Lebechuck repeatedly after he was asked to stop setting up camp in the Northeast Portland neighborhood. The judge says a mental health evaluation may be in order because Schneider insists on defending himself. he says public defenders are Government controlled. he will be back in court June 7th.
However, according to Shelter Manager Cassi Ohman, this is the quietest the shelter has been in the eight years she's spent there.
"It's kind of a shock to me," she said. "But we've been working on getting the word out about us more and we're getting more people who want to adopt these days — they find more fun in it. We also have a lot more help from rescues, which are foster-home based and have more resources to help the animals — especially the ones that are special needs, so to speak — so that helps us a lot, too."
Animals come to the shelter from seven surrounding cities, according to Ohman, as well as animals found outside of those areas. Some animals are found by concerned citizens, some are found by city officials and some are surrendered by owners who can no longer care for them.
"We are the city pound," she explained. "So, city officials have a key so that they can bring animals in and we have to take in any animals found within those seven cities. We're also totally non-profit — the only money we get is from animals that come from within city limits, which is a very small amount."
Ohman, who has six dogs herself, said that the application process for adoption is thorough and includes a background check, references and home visits.
Despite wanting to find homes for all of the animals as soon as possible, Ohman suggests that those looking to adopt take their time so that animals and their potential owners are the best possible fit.
"Don't rush into it," she said. "Be patient. We're all just trying to make sure that the animals are in the right home. Take your time with it."
Ohman said that The Marshmallow Foundation is always looking for donations and volunteers, and that they are currently seeking part-time employees. However, that hasn't stopped the shelter from growing.
"Of the two volunteers that review the applications, one lives in the cities and one lives in Perham, and they do have full time jobs in addition to reaching out to people," she said. "It's crazy what we do with the small amount of people we have. In the past two years, it's bloomed into this amazing group of people, and it's really amazing to see how far we've come."
'The right animal will choose you'
Sandy McCartney, otherwise known as AreaVoices' 'Crazy Cat Lady,' has adopted nine different cats from The Marshmallow Foundation.
"I adopted two of them knowing they were terminally ill," she said. "Like Cassi (Ohman) will tell you, finding homes for them is next to impossible."
McCartney currently has seven cats and spends her spare time volunteering at The Marshmallow Foundation.
"I think I found my eighth cat today, too," she joked. "You can train (cats) if you're consistent about it, but I've gotten tired of trying so they share my home now."
McCartney said that, when she moved to the area from Texas, she got involved with the Marshmallow Foundation because of her love of animals; she had six cats in Texas, so she said that she knew she would continue to have cats in Minnesota. One of the best parts of volunteering at the Foundation, McCartney said, is meeting like-minded people.
"You get to meet people who love animals as much as you do," she said. "I've met so many nice people, and I built a house out in the country so I can have as many cats as I want. You're never bored. Ever."
According to McCartney, volunteering is the best way to get to know the animals at any shelter if you're considering adoption.
"You really get to know the animals," she said, "and the right animal will choose you."
McCartney said that she couldn't imagine not having her cats around — even though they constantly keep her on her toes and occasionally knock bowls of veggies off of her kitchen counter. "Animals fill a part of your soul that no human can ever fill," she said. "It's just unconditional love."
'A second chance at life'
Sylvia Ziejewski has adopted three dogs and has fostered over 30 dogs in her lifetime, from dogs who could live normally on their own to dogs who needed a little bit of extra love.
"I fostered one special little guy named Lennon, who needed a special wheelchair," she said. "After providing him with his new mode of transportation, he later got adopted by the best family possible and I still follow his journey on Facebook."
Many of Ziejewski's dogs have come from the Marshmallow Foundation, a shelter that she said is extremely passionate about caring for animals of all shapes, sizes and breeds.
"The Marshmallow Foundation is such a positive attribution to the Detroit Lakes community and we can learn a lot from them as a shelter and from the animals that are getting second chances there," she said. "The shelter staff there are so dedicated to the care of those animals that it inspires me to do more."
Ziejewski comes from a family of adopters, stating that her family has adopted a total of seven pets. One little pup stood out to her above the others, though.
"My most proud moment as a "foster-mom"-turned-adopter through the Marshmallow Foundation was with our handsome pit bull mix, Sheldon," she said. "Sheldon was in there for almost a year, yet the Marshmallow Foundation never gave up on him. To this day, I still can't thank them enough for taking such good care of our four-legged family member until we were able to meet him, fall in love with him and call him ours forever."
'She was going to be our new girl'
DelRae Chivers has known about the Marshmallow Foundation for almost a decade, having taken her dogs to daycare in the same complex for nine years.
"We lost our two schnauzers, Leo and Sig, a year ago, leaving (our dog) Claire alone," she said. "She needed a playmate, so by spring of last year we were on the lookout for a new dog. My husband, Jack, and I long decided that we wanted to keep our search to animals that come through Marshmallow, and along came a young mother with her puppies."
After a brief nursing period before the puppies could be adopted out, Chivers and her husband officially found Carmen in May.
"I fell in love with one of the pups' smokey eyes after seeing her picture on the Marshmallow website," she said. "She was going to be our new girl."
According to Chivers, adoption is an important option for the community to consider.
"There are many wonderful, furry friends needing a home that are so willing to love a family," she said. "I see the overwhelming inundation of neglected, abandoned, and abused animals that come through the Marshmallow doors in desperate need of its help, and the staff at Marshmallow continue to persevere despite limited resources."
In the end, Carmen adjusted well and became an instant member of the family.
"She quickly fell in love with her big sister, Claire," Chivers said. "We are so happy with our girls! Carmen has a big personality, bringing energy to our home with her love and enthusiasm."
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
In this report, the global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical market is valued at USD XX a million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX a million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.
Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales K Units, revenue A Million USD, market share and growth rate of Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 forecast, covering
• United States
• China
• Europe
• Japan
• Southeast Asia
• India
Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical sales volume, Price USD/Unit, revenue A Million USD and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including
• MAPA
• Kimberly Clark
• TurtleSkinWarwick
• MCR
• Ansell
• Honeywell
• POLYCO
• COMASEC
• ProChoice
• Ironclad
• TraffiGlove
• HONGRAY
• Dyneema
• Globus
• BLUESAIL
• Wally Plastic
• Zhonghong Pulin
• Xingyu Gloves
• Dengsheng
• Zhejiang Dongya
• Superior Glove Works Ltd
• Semperit Investments Asia Pte Ltd
Get More Information about this Report @ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/reports/protection-gloves-for-pharmaceutical-market-54
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
• PU PalmCoated
• Nylon
• Latex
• Butyl
• Disposable Gloves
• Other
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including
• Pharmaceutical Industry
• Biomedical Industry
• Other
Table of Contents
Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Market Report 2017
1 Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Market Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical
1.2 Classification of Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical by Product Category
1.2.1 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Market Size Sales Comparison by Type 2012-2022
1.2.2 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Market Size Sales Market Share by Type Product Category in 2016
1.2.3 PU PalmCoated
1.2.4 Nylon
1.2.5 Latex
1.2.6 Butyl
1.2.7 Disposable Gloves
1.2.8 Other
1.3 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share Comparison by Application 2012-2022
1.3.2 Pharmaceutical Industry
1.3.3 Biomedical Industry
1.3.4 Other
1.4 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Market by Region
1.4.1 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Market Size Value Comparison by Region 2012-2022
1.4.2 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.3 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.4 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.5 Japan Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.6 Southeast Asia Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.7 India Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.5 Global Market Size Value and Volume of Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical 2012-2022
1.5.1 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2022
1.5.2 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2022
2 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application
2.1 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Market Competition by Players/Suppliers
2.1.1 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers 2012-2017
2.1.2 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers 2012-2017
2.2 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Volume and Value by Type
2.2.1 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.2.2 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Revenue and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.3 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Volume and Value by Region
2.3.1 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.3.2 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Revenue and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.4 Global Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Volume by Application
Get a Free Sample copy of this report@ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/report-sample/protection-gloves-for-pharmaceutical-market-54
3 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Volume, Value and Sales Price
3.1 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Value 2012-2017
3.1.1 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.1.2 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.1.3 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Price Trend 2012-2017
3.2 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Players
3.3 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Type
3.4 United States Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Application
4 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Volume, Value and Sales Price
4.1 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Value 2012-2017
4.1.1 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
4.1.2 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
4.1.3 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Price Trend 2012-2017
4.2 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Players
4.3 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Type
4.4 China Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Application
5 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Volume, Value and Sales Price
5.1 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Value 2012-2017
5.1.1 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
5.1.2 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
5.1.3 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Price Trend 2012-2017
5.2 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Players
5.3 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Type
5.4 Europe Protection Gloves for Pharmaceutical Sales Volume and Market Share by Application
A fuel cell vehicle (FCV) is a type of electric vehicle that uses a fuel cell, instead of a battery, or in combination with a battery or super capacitor, to power its on-board electric motor. Generation of electricity to power the motor, fuel cell is used. Fuel cell generally use oxygen from the air and compressed hydrogen for its operation. As most fuel cell vehicles emit water and heat, these vehicles are classified as zero-emissions vehicles.
Emerging markets for automobiles are witnessing an increase in vehicle production, which in turn is boosting the demand for automotive fuel cell. The new emissions standards for passenger cars and commercial vehicles are majorly achieved by applying changes to the engine alone. Stringent norms imposed globally by regulatory bodies on carbon emissions of automotive are also anticipated to boost the demand for automotive fuel cell, which in turn controls the emission of toxic gases from vehicles. One approach to comply with the new emissions norms is to incorporate a proper substitution for the IC engine vehicles. Fuel cell vehicle is a better option as a substitute. High cost of the vehicle is a major disadvantage of the fuel cell market.
The fuel cell market for automotive can be segmented based on components, parts of fuel cell, electrolyte type, power output, vehicle type, and geography.
Based on components, the fuel cell market for automotive can be classified into fuel stack and two other segments. Fuel stack is utilized to store the fuel, which is responsible for the combustion and driving the vehicle.
In terms of fuel type used for the vehicle, the fuel cell market for automotive can be segmented into electrolyte and two other segments. These parts are equipped in manner that the transfer of electricity through these parts takes place.
Based on electrolyte type, the automotive fuel cell market can be classified as PAFC and one more segment. PAFC is Phosphoric Acid Fuel Cell. Phosphoric acid is used as electrolyte and the transfer of electricity takes place through anode and cathode.
Brochure For Recent Industry Insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42410
Based on power output, the fuel cell market for automotive can be segregated into less than 100 kW and two more segments.
In terms of vehicle type, the fuel cell market for automotive can be classified into passenger vehicles (PVs) and commercial vehicles (CVs). The passenger vehicles segment can be furthered sub-segmented into hatchback cars, sedans, multi- purpose vehicles (MPVs), and sport utility vehicles (SUVs). The commercial vehicles segment can be further split into light-weight commercial vehicles (LCVs) and heavy commercial vehicles (HCVs).
In terms of geography, the fuel cell market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Europe accounts for a major share of the global fuel cell market for automotive, owing to the high rate of vehicle production and adoption of automotive fuel cells in order to improve the declining environmental conditions, leading to an increased production of vehicles with automotive fuel cells, especially in China and India. Furthermore, environmental standards in Europe are more stringent than the other regions.
Download Table Of Content https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=42410
Key players operating in the global fuel cell market for automotive include Ballard Power Systems (Canada), ITM Power (UK), Hydrogenics (Canada), Plug Power (US), and AFCC (Canada).
Fans of both men will be upset, but the political similarities between the 1988 Democratic presidential nominee, former Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis, and the 2012 Republican presidential front-runner, Texas Gov. Rick Perry, are more than striking.
True, Dukakis, a self-proclaimed “card-carrying member” of the American Civil Liberties Union, was a cerebral reformer, embraced by reformers and liberals. And Perry, whose unspectacular academic record at Texas A&M did not prevent him from becoming the Lone Star State's first “Aggie” governor, is the heartthrob of the Tea Party as well as a human Oreck in sucking up funds in corporate suites.
Like all humans, Dukakis and Perry are both products and prisoners of the places from which they come. For Dukakis, for all but four years at college and two in the Army, that was Brookline, Mass., a town known and envied for its good schools, green spaces and clean government. But Brookline's politics were something else. Consider this: George McGovern, who as the Democratic nominee in 1972 lost 49 states to Richard Nixon, still won 62 percent of the votes in Brookline. Ronald Reagan, who won 44 states the first time and 49 the second time, won just 30 percent of the votes in Brookline. It's a good bet that Dukakis did not know anyone personally who had voted for Reagan — which ill-prepared him for a national race.
For Perry, it is his home state that he left — for part of his five-year Air Force tour of duty — when he served as a C-130 transport pilot attaining the rank of captain. Perry's Texas is as politically unrepresentative of the nation's politics as Dukakis' Brookline. There are 29 elected statewide officeholders in Texas, including nine justices of the state Supreme Court, and every one of them is a Republican.
In the Texas state House of Representatives, the GOP has more than a 2-to-1 majority. While Democrats have won three of the last five presidential elections, no Democratic presidential nominee has carried Texas in the past 35 years. It's a pretty good bet that Perry doesn't know anyone socially who voted for President Barack Obama, the only Democrat other than Franklin Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson in the past 180 years to win more than 50.1 percent of the national vote.
Understand that George W. Bush came from a different Texas. He had to defeat a popular Democratic incumbent, Ann Richards, to win the governorship. The legislature he confronted was controlled by Democrats, with whom Bush had to (and did) get along. As an indication of his awareness of Democratic voters, Bush, you will recall, ran for national office billing himself as a “compassionate conservative” and advocating a federal No Child Left Behind law to improve public education.
When you live in a one-party political bubble like Perry has, you don't pay any political price for saying really dumb things, like suggesting in Cedar Rapids that Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke's policies could be “almost treasonous” and adding, “I don't know what you all would do to him in Iowa; we would treat him pretty ugly down in Texas” — a reckless and conspicuously insensitive remark to all who remember the “wanted for treason” newspaper ad that welcomed another Washington officeholder's tragic visit to Texas in November 1963.
How about, “I think you want a president who's passionate about America — who's in love with America”? Was Perry suggesting that Obama does not love America? “You need to ask him.” Those are the words of an unthinking man unprepared for a national race with its intensity of scrutiny, a man who has not been held accountable in a competitive political environment for what he says.
Consider this fair warning for Republicans who want to win back the White House: Rick Perry could well be your Michael Dukakis of 2012.
— Mark Shields is one of the most widely recognized political commentators in the United States. The former Washington Post editorial columnist appears regularly on CNN, on public television and on radio. Click here to contact him.
NewsCatholic Church, Faith
ANALYSIS
April 23, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – If Italian Vaticanist Marco Tosatti had not told the story of the Fraternity of the Holy Apostles of Brussels, no one would have known that Pope Francis personally intervened to dissolve this recently-created order last November.
It was a personal decision made, it seems, on the insistence of the recently-named Prefect of the Congregation for the Clergy, Cardinal Beniamino Stella. It thus short-circuited the judgment of the Apostolic Signatura, where appeals against the dissolution of this young Fraternity had reached their final stage.
The former members of the Fraternity – six priests who are now plain diocesan priests in Belgium – had high hopes of these appeals, which many thought would be in the Fraternity's favor.
Much depended on it: because of the dissolution, a new priestly order where fraternal life was central to its charism and which attracted many seminarians may now no longer function as such.
Fraternity of the Holy Apostles began under Archbishop André Léonard
Two years ago, the Fraternity of the Holy Apostles was a flourishing priestly community in Brussels. With six young priests – and a seventh ordination on the way – it had become something of an attraction for young Catholic men in search of a place to live out their priestly vocation.
Called to the Belgian capital by the will of the then Archbishop of Mechelen-Brussels, Archbishop André Léonard, the Fraternity included over 20 seminarians who worked in the parish that had been attributed to its apostolate. They would travel to Brussels in between courses at the French-speaking inter-diocesan seminary of Namur (which Archbishop Léonard had revived when he was the bishop of that diocese) to help the priests' work every weekend, being especially present during Sunday celebrations.
Archbishop Léonard established the Fraternity in 2013 according to the spirituality of a popular French priest, Father Michel-Marie Zanotti-Sorkine (more about him later).
The first ordinations took place in 2014 and vocations kept coming in – often a sign, for Catholics, that an initiative is indeed willed and blessed by God. While not attached to the traditional form of the Catholic liturgy, the Fraternity was known for upholding the truths and teachings of the Church. It attracted large numbers of faithful in secularized Belgium, where regular religious practice has fallen to less than 10 percent of Catholics and where less than half the population still calls itself Catholic. Not even four out of ten Belgians actually believe in a God of any kind.
Cardinal Danneels protégé takes over, starts dismantling Fraternity
Archbishop Léonard's successor at the head of the diocese of Mechelen-Brussels, Mgr Josef De Kesel – now a cardinal, himself a protégé of Cardinal Danneels – lost no time in undoing the work of his predecessor.
De Kesel arrived in December 2015; by June 2016, he had summoned the priests of the Fraternity to inform them of his decision to dismantle their community, which had the form of a canonically recognized clerical public association of the faithful. A decree of dissolution signed by De Kesel and dated July 15, 2016, only gave one reason for this decision: the fact that “most” of the seminarians were of French origin.
No other reason was ever given to the priests themselves or to the public, one of the former members of the Fraternity told LifeSiteNews.
In a communiqué published in June 2016, the archdiocese stated:
“There is a problem with this initiative insofar that most seminarians of the Fraternity of the Holy Apostles come for the moment from France where many regions suffer a cruel lack of priests. It could be that the number of Belgian seminarians, both Dutch and French-speaking, could grow in the course of time. But in that case, they could also come from other Belgian dioceses and would still all find themselves under the authority of the archdiocese. This is not the perspective that should be promoted under the present circumstances for it manifests a serious breach of solidarity between bishops, be it those of our own country or with our French neighbors. This is why the Archbishop of Mechelen-Brussels has decided no longer to welcome the Fraternity of the Holy Apostles in his diocese, effective from the end of June 2016.”
In the past, it would have been normal for a young man with a priestly vocation to join the seminary of his own diocese. But in the present state of liturgical and doctrinal confusion it has become customary, if not the norm, for young men to instead choose an orthodox diocese, society, or fraternity.
In metropolitan France, out of a total of 853 seminarians registered in April 2017, no less than 98 were enrolled in the traditionally-minded Communauté Saint-Martin. 160 others were in one of several traditional seminaries in Switzerland, Germany, or Italy, including the seminary of the Society of Saint Pius X. 495 French seminarians, plus another 100 of foreign origin, were in diocesan seminaries, with about half of them concentrated in just 13 of the 94 French dioceses: 70 in Paris, 42 in the traditionally-minded diocese of Toulon, and very few or none in the more progressive dioceses.
To imply that all vocations should respect the “rule” that young men must join their own diocesan or inter-diocesan seminary amounts to wanting to force them to accept subpar formations and to negate their liturgical preferences.
All seminarians leave Namur, some give up their vocations
Another problem with De Kesel's decision to dissolve the Fraternity of the Holy Apostles is that his predecessor, Archbishop Léonard, had made clear, weeks before he offered his resignation as Archbishop of Brussels on his 75th birthday in May 2015, that he hoped to join the Fraternity. He planned to spend at least the first years of his retirement there in the Abbey of Marche-les-Dames, near where a group of seminarians was already living, going up and down to Namur for courses as a group of Neocatechumenal seminarians still does from another location.
Archbishop Léonard's interview was published on April 23, 2015 by the Belgian Catholic magazine Tertio. In it he made clear that he hoped to find “competent people” who would be “able to take responsibility for this seminary” after him. It is hard to believe that his successor was unaware of that wish.
With the dissolution came the decision that the priests who were at that time members of the Fraternity of the Holy Apostles would stay on as diocesan priests in the parish of Saint Catherine of Brussels. They still carry out their ministry and live a fraternal life there today.
But in a telephone conversation with LifeSiteNews, one of the present priests of Saint Catherine made clear that all of the seminarians had left Namur: a number of French young men, in particular, have returned to French diocesan seminaries, while some have even given up on their vocations.
The priest who spoke with LifeSite about the painful situation said an appeal was made against the decision to dissolve the Fraternity insofar as in canon law, a Public association of the faithful can only be dissolved for a “grave cause” (canon 320): in this case, invoking the “lack of solidarity” between bishops appeared to many as very inadequate, and even “insincere.”
The appeals to the Diocese of Mechelen-Brussels and then to the Congregation for the Clergy did not produce the desired result. It is precisely at the moment when the Apostolic Signatura, where the case was then pending, was about to render its judgment – and several “signs” indicated that it would invalidate the dissolution, according to our interlocutor at Saint Catherine's – that Cardinal Stella went to see the Pope and asked him to act on his own account to confirm the dissolution of the Fraternity of the Holy Apostles. Pope Francis did.
“When the Holy Father makes a personal intervention, the case is closed and there is no further resort,” the priest from Saint Catherine told LifeSiteNews. The only course that is left open is to present a “supplication” to the Holy Father, he said, in order to ask respectfully for the Pope to change his position.
As things stand, the Fraternity no longer exists.
“But we have been supported and encouraged by the faithful,” the priest said. “Our role is still to love the Lord and to serve Him.”
Locals miss the seminarians, who visited the elderly and helped the community
In Saint Catherine itself, things have not changed very visibly for the faithful. But the absence of the seminarians has created a void: they would visit local families, go to the homes of the elderly, and help out with the Missionaries of Charity in Brussels. These are things for which the priests there have no time.
As well, it is obvious that what remains of Archbishop Léonard's initiative cannot perpetuate itself as there is no longer a community of seminarians that shares the Fraternity's spirituality.
That spirituality was deeply marked by Father Michel-Marie Zanotti-Sorkine, who was born into a French family of Jewish, Russian, and Corsican origins. Before answering his vocation, he was a singer and composer.
At age 29, he joined the Dominican order, and after that the Franciscans, having been deeply moved by the story of Saint Maximilian Kolbe. But he was eventually ordained as a secular priest in the Diocese of Marseille in 1999. He worked in several parishes before being named at the head of the church of the “Réformés” (nothing to do with Protestantism), which was practically in ruins at the time. Under his ministry, the parish bloomed and Sunday masses were soon overflowing, thanks to his striking sermons.
In 2014, Father Zanotti-Sorkine asked to be named as a confessor at the Parisian Marian shrine of the Rue du Bac, where Our Lady appeared to ask Catholics to wear her Miraculous Medal “with faith.” But those responsible for the chapel of the Rue du Bac refused his nomination at the last moment because of his popular appeal.
Father Zanotti-Sorkine is now chaplain of the Sanctuary of Notre-Dame du Laus, another Marian pilgrimage site where Benoîte Rencurel saw Our Lady, the Crucified Jesus, and many saints from 1664 over a period of more than 50 years. Our Lady wanted it to be “a place of mercy” and it has become known and promoted by the Church as a “refuge for sinners.”
As for Archbishop Léonard, he joined Notre-Dame du Laus in November of 2015 upon his retirement and became its auxiliary chaplain.
Multi-denominational schools which opened under the Government's process to divest patronage of Catholic schools say they are being forced to turn away large numbers of junior infants because of what they say are new restrictions on their pupil-intake.
Educate Together, the patron body for a number of multi-denominational schools affected, claims a new policy has been put in place to ensure divested schools do not adversely affect existing primary schools in the area.
It has raised concerns with the Department of Education over recent correspondence which directs these schools to adhere strictly to a half-stream intake of 13 junior infants for the 2018/19 school year.
It said these instructions were recently received from the department by Educate Together schools in Tramore, Co Waterford; New Ross, Co Wexford; and Trim, Co Meath. Similar information was communicated to its schools in Tuam, Co Galway and Castlebar, Co Mayo, last year, it added.
“These schools are now effectively being told to turn away large numbers of families who will not now be able to access the equality-based education they had hoped for their children,” Educate Together said in a statement.
‘Disappointing'
Ronan Moore, a parent of a two-year-old child who was pre-enrolled in the Trim Educate Together school, said the restrictions were “incredibly disappointing”.
“In Trim we have five excellent primary schools but four of these are denominational and only one, to Educate Together, is multi-denominational,' said Mr Moore, who is a Social Democrats councillor.
He said many children who had applied to start in junior infants this year will be turned away and has set up a petition to expand the school's intake .
“That school has now reduced its intake for 2018-2019 to 13. It is incredibly disappointing for parents who had expected that there would be 26 school places for the new term. In terms of choice, it's just not good enough, especially as Trim has a growing population,” Mr Moore said.
The Department of Education, however, has rejected claims that there is a new policy in place and said it was made clear from the outset that half-stream classes only had been authorised.
This was because these schools were set up in areas of stable population growth, on foot of the recommendations of the Forum on Patronage and Pluralism.
A department spokeswoman said surveys of parental demand at the time indicated a long-term projected size of up to half a single stream school was required.
“This is clearly outlined in the reports on the surveys regarding parental preferences on primary school patronage published by the Department in December 2012 and April 2013. Based on the current pupil teacher ratio of 26:1, half a single stream equates to a junior infant intake of 13 pupils,” she said.
Preserve balance
In the case of any school applying to expand its intake, the department examines school size in order to preserve a balance among all schools in an area and to ensure that one school is not expanding at the expense of another.
“While the situation may result in some pupils not obtaining a place in the school of their first choice, the department's main responsibility is to ensure that the existing schools in the area can, between them, cater for the demand in that area,” she said.
The department's priority in the allocation of scarce capital funding has to be in providing sufficient school places in areas of demographic growth, she added.
However, Educate Together said it agreed to open these schools on the basis of their long-term viability as full-stream developing schools.
“All five of these Educate Together schools have gone from strength to strength over the past number of years, and the majority have demonstrated pre-enrolment numbers for 2018/19 to accommodate a full stream.
“These school communities have expressed deep frustrations at the prescribed barriers to further development being applied by the department,” it said.
“The department is now retrospectively seeking to change the basis upon which Educate Together agreed to proceed on, and to impose a restriction that violates the lawful preference of a significant numbers families in these areas.”
A department spokeswoman said should a school patron wish to make a case for an increase in the school's intake level, proposals will be reviewed in conjunction with the current demographic data, available accommodation and capacity levels of all schools in the relevant area.
“A case has been submitted to the department in respect of a number of divested schools and this is currently under consideration,” she added.
Photo illustration by Natalie Matthews-Ramo/Slate. Image by Thinkstock.
The plot was made for front-page headlines and cable-news chyrons: A scientist-turned-political-operative reportedly hoodwinked Facebook users into giving up personal data on both themselves and all their friends for research purposes, then used it to develop “psychographic” profiles on tens of millions of voters—which in turn may have helped the Trump campaign manipulate its way to a historic victory.
No wonder Facebook is in deep trouble, right? Investigations are being opened; calls for regulation are mounting; Facebook's stock plunged 7 percent Monday.
Sensational as it sounds, however, the Cambridge Analytica scandal doesn't indict Facebook in quite the way it might seem. It reveals almost nothing about the social network or its data policies that wasn't already widely known, and there's little evidence of blatant wrongdoing by Facebook or its employees. It's also far from clear what impact, if any, the ill-gotten personal data had on the election's outcome.
In short, the outrage now directed at Facebook feels disproportionate to the company's culpability in this specific episode. But that doesn't mean people are wrong to be outraged. For Facebook, the larger scandal here is not what shadowy misdeeds it allowed Cambridge Analytica to do. It's what Facebook allowed anyone to do, in plain sight—and, more broadly, it's the data-fueled online business model that Facebook helped to pioneer.
The Facebook tools and policies that allowed researcher Aleksandr Kogan in 2014 to obtain information for the political-data firm Cambridge Analytica—via an app called thisismydigitallife—were public and well-known. They were also quite permissive, allowing developers to collect data not only on users who signed up for their app, but also on those users' Facebook friends. (Facebook has since changed that policy.) As the Washington Post points out, entities ranging from Tinder to FarmVille to Barack Obama's 2012 presidential campaign used the same tool to collect many of the same kinds of information. As late as 2015, this was simply how Facebook worked.
The people who used Kogan's app explicitly granted it access to that data, albeit for academic, not commercial, purposes. (There's a strong case to be made, of course, that Facebook should never have allowed users to sign away their friends' privacy in that way.) For what it's worth, Facebook's policies did not permit the sort of misrepresentation that Kogan appears to have engaged in. And by Facebook's own account, when the company found out that he had used the data for unauthorized purposes, it required both him and Cambridge Analytica to delete it, and to certify to the company that they had done so. It now appears that they may have lied. But it's not clear that Facebook had any way of knowing that.
As for what Cambridge Analytica did with that information, you could argue that has been overblown, too. Sinister as it sounds, “psychographic” targeting—advertising to people based on information about their attitudes, interests, and personality traits—is an imprecise science at best and “snake oil” at worst. Distilled to its essence, the Cambridge Analytica scandal is a case of campaign consultants using some shady tactics to try and get their message out to the most receptive audience in the most effective way they can. That is, in a word, politics.
From Facebook's perspective, then, the company is on the ropes mostly because an unscrupulous developer abused a permissive data policy that it has since tightened. (There's also the fact that it apparently kept the 2015 leak of user data quiet for years, and that it hired and continues to employ a researcher who was connected to it. Facebook has not commented on either of those reports.) It's possible to imagine rogue app developers exploiting other platforms, such as Twitter, Android, or Apple's iOS, in an analogous fashion.
That helps to explain why Facebook executives mounted a tone-deaf defense of their company on Twitter this past weekend, even as the outcry kept growing: They really don't think they did much wrong here. The company's chief security officer, among others, pushed back on the March 17 Guardian story that broke the scandal for referring to it as a “data breach.” (That executive, Alex Stamos, has since deleted his tweets, and he confirmed reports Monday that he is no longer Facebook's CSO and is planning to leave the company in August.) As Tiffany C. Li pointed out in Slate, the semantic point matters because a data breach could expose Facebook to legal action from state governments and the Federal Trade Commission, including fines and other remedies.
But if there was no data breach, and Facebook's security wasn't compromised, then why isn't it just Cambridge Analytica that's in the barrel this week?
But if there was no data breach, and Facebook's security wasn't compromised, then why isn't it just Cambridge Analytica that's in the barrel this week?
It's partly because the stakes in this particular data scandal are so high. Had the same data been used to sell people refrigerators or send them email spam, the story would not be playing out on such a big stage. In other words: Almost any significant role Facebook played in the success of the Donald Trump would be a momentous one, because his victory altered the course of history. Many of those who opposed Trump are still furious, and still searching for people to blame. And we already know Facebook was a key part of his strategy, as it was for the U.K.'s Brexit campaign, in which Cambridge Analytica was also involved.
But there's another reason Facebook is getting pilloried over this in a way that another technology company—say, Apple or Microsoft—might not. It isn't just that Facebook was careless with its users' data in this instance, or that its policy of allowing third-party apps access to information on users' friends was cavalier and misguided (though it certainly was both of those). It's that Facebook is the chief architect of the entire socio-commercial arrangement by which people around the world routinely offer up their personal information in exchange for the free use of online services.
Facebook isn't just the source of the data that Cambridge Analytica used. It's the reason this sort of data—organized in this way—exists in the first place. Sure, Google and Twitter and plenty of other companies employ similar business models. And the idea of supporting a website by showing people ads has been around longer still. But it was Facebook, more than any of these, that taught people around the world to freely give of themselves online, and to accept the use of their personal data in targeted advertisements as the price of admission to the modern Internet.
If you think of that data, and the ads, as a relatively small price to pay for the privilege of seamless connection to everyone you know and care about, then Facebook looks like the wildly successful, path-breaking company that made it all possible. But if you start to think of the bargain as Faustian—with hidden, long-term costs that overshadow the obvious benefits—then that would make Facebook the devil.
This scandal has made the grand bargain of the social web look a little more Faustian than it did before.
What this scandal did, then, was make to the grand bargain of the social web look a little more Faustian than it did before.
From that perspective, the real scandal is that this wasn't a data breach, or some egregious isolated error on Facebook's part. What Cambridge Analytica did was, in many ways, what Facebook was optimized for—collating personal information about vast numbers of people in handy packets that could then be used to try and sell them something.
Yes, the rules were supposed to prohibit these specific packets from being used in this specific way. But with high enough stakes, it was probable if not inevitable that those rules would be broken. Facebook appears to have given little thought to how to enforce them, beyond shaking hands and hoping for the best. All indications are that it simply cared more about growth in 2014 than it did about users' privacy. That the company has evidently matured in recent years doesn't excuse the way it was built.
Techcrunch's Josh Constine has followed Facebook as closely as anyone in the media over the past five years, and he's been known to defend the company when it seems just about everyone else is attacking it. Not this time. In a piece headlined “Facebook and the endless string of worst-case scenarios,” he catalogues nearly a dozen instances over the years in which the company has launched products without the safeguards needed to prevent abuse, then ignores or downplays the consequences.
That habit may be catching up to it at last: Facebook is not getting the benefit of many doubts when it comes to Cambridge Analytica, and it's hard to feel much sympathy for it. The time for Facebook to self-regulate It's way out of the hot seat has probably passed. Now it's up to the public, legislators, and regulators to rework the terms of that agreement by which people sign away their personal data—and one another's—for the benefit of tech platforms, their advertising clients, and whoever else might be sneaky enough to get their hands on it.
Dublin-based pharma giant Shire is considering a new offer from Takeda Pharmaceutical after the Japanese drugmaker revised its roughly $60 billion (€49 billion) bid for the biotechnology company once again.
Shire's board “is considering its position” on a new bid, the company said in a statement on Tuesday after it was reported that the companies were nearing a preliminary agreement. The Lexington, Massachusetts-based drugmaker did not disclose the value of Takeda's latest offer.
The new proposal marks at least the fifth attempt by Takeda to woo Shire since it first expressed interest in a takeover less than four weeks ago. Discussions have revolved around a higher price as well as a possible increase in the cash component, according to sources.
Under UK takeover rules, Takeda must announce a firm offer or abandon its pursuit by Wednesday afternoon. The companies may seek an extension from authorities to finalise talks, sources said, declining to be identified as the discussions are confidential. Talks could also still fall apart, they said. Representatives for Takeda and Shire declined to comment.
Surged
Shire shares surged as much as 6.2 per cent in London, valuing the company at about £37 billion ( €42 billion). Takeda has declined about 24 per cent this year, valuing the company at about $35 billion.
Acquiring Shire would vault Takeda, which has few late-stage experimental drugs in its own pipeline, into the ranks of the world's top pharmaceutical companies.
The Japanese company last week raised its offer to £47 a share and lifted the cash portion of the bid after three prior proposals were rejected. Friday's proposal included £21 a share in cash and £26 apiece in new stock for Shire.
Takeda has been ramping up its takeover ambitions under chief executive officer Christophe Weber, seeking growth overseas amid patent expirations and a shrinking domestic population. A Shire takeover would be by far Takeda's largest-ever deal and bring it medicines for rare diseases such as haemophilia -– a field that's luring a growing number of drugmakers that can charge more for unique life-saving drugs than for routine treatment.
S&P Global Ratings has said the acquisition could hurt Takeda's credit score.
- Bloomberg
Leading From Within recently sponsored Rosetta Thurman, a nationally recognized author, speaker and coach, who delivered poignant tips on how to excel in the nonprofit sector.
Leading From Within advances the common good by investing in people dedicated to making their communities a better place. To date, LFW programs have supported 200 nonprofit and community leaders through its Emerging Leaders, Courage to Lead and Katherine Harvey Fellows programs.
Thurman facilitated LFW's most recent event, “Six Ways to Rock Your Nonprofit World,” sharing her engaging message, inspiring a new generation of leaders to change the nonprofit world.
Based on the concepts in Rosetta's first book, How to Become a Nonprofit Rockstar, this interactive and lively presentation gave participants six ways to accelerate their careers.
“Rosetta openly shared experiences from her own career path and delivered pragmatic tips that attendees can implement immediately,” said Carrie Randolph, executive director of Leading From Within. “This honest and empowered mindset is exactly what we are cultivating among Santa Barbara's nonprofit leaders.”
Participants included representatives from CALM, the Community Environmental Council, Direct Relief, Easy Lift Transportation, the Environmental Defense Center, Girls Inc. of Carpinteria, Just Communities, Legal Aid, the Mental Wellness Center, the Orfalea Foundation, the Santa Barbara Bicycle Coalition, the Santa Barbara Foundation, the Scholarship Foundation of Santa Barbara and many others.
— Emily Crawford is an administrator for Leading From Within.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derbyshire village will tonight show off its gardening prowess on TV for the first time.
The village of Breaston will appear on BBC Two's Britain In Bloom at 6.30pm tonight.
The show will follow the Breaston Bloomers as they plan to fill the village with flowers in preparation for judges to determine if they are good enough to win a prestigious award.
A description of tonight's show reads: "Chris Bavin meets the community of Breaston in Derbyshire which is entering Britain in Bloom for the first time. With little gardening experience between them, the Breaston Bloomers are ambitiously planning to fill the whole village with flowers.
"They feel it's important to keep the community spirit alive and want to involve as many residents as possible. They have decided on three main projects to try and win gold.
"Their centenary garden needs to impress the judges, so the Bloomers create a centrepiece Bug Hotel.
"Next, they plan to create a welcoming entrance to the village, and lastly they want to plant over 1,000 flowers in the centre of the village. They've only got six weeks until judging day".
Hundreds of groups from cities, towns and villages across the UK take part in the competition each year where they show off their environmental responsibility, community participation and horticultural achievement.
The show follows 15 different communities from around the UK as they prepare for the floral competition. More than 1,600 communities enter the competition each year but roughly 80 communities are selected as finalists.
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
The ANC leadership race will go down to the wire: here's why
The ANC leadership race will go down to the wire: here's why
The ANC leadership race will go down to the wire: here's why
The suspense is tangible as the African National Congress (ANC) – South Africa's former liberation movement that's turned into a tired governing party – approaches its fiercely contested 2017 elective conference.
By December 5, the party's branches had largely spoken, and its provincial structures had consolidated the branch delegates' voting preferences. The lay of the land seemed clear. Yet, on close dissection it's evident that developments could still subvert what appeared to be definitive trends in branch nominations.
Less than two weeks prior to ballots being cast at the Nasrec Expo Centrein Johannesburg, the contest is closer than both the Polokwane race of 2007, (when Jacob Zuma beat Thabo Mbeki) and 2012 in Mangaung(when Zuma beat then deputy Kgalema Motlanthe).
The branch nominations have confirmed that the two leading 2017 candidates for the ANC presidency are Cyril Ramaphosa and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. While Ramaphosa has a lead, the intricacies of the election process caution against early celebrations: there are black holes that could still devour the advantages he appears to have.
The voting
The voters at the ANC conferences comprise roughly of 90% delegates from ANC branches across the nine provinces. Provinces had been allocated a total of 4,731 delegates (proportionately in terms of membership figures). The rest of the about 5,240 voting delegates come from the ANC's national executive committee and top six officials (roughly 90 in total). The nine provincial executive committees (27 each, thus 243), the women's, youth and veterans' leagues (60 each, thus 180).
The number of branches endorsing Ramaphosa by the evening of December 4 were 1,860 and Dlamini-Zuma 1,333. A total of 3,193 for both candidates, or around 2,000 fewer than the total number of conference voters.
Given that the race will go down to the wire, and that a few hundred ballots in either direction could make a world of difference to the ANC and South Africa, this analysis dissects eight black holes that account for the approximately 2,000 “discrepancy”.
Uncertainties
At the core, the uncertainties that make up the eight black holes are:
The scores released by the ANC's Provincial General Councils have a “margin of error”. This is because the scores are of branches and not individual delegates. But big branches send more than one delegate and are given more weighting in the voting. This can substantially change the balance between leading candidates come the election.
Mpumalanga province brings its own black box of 223 “unity” votes. The biggest bloc of branches refused to endorse a particular candidate and entered ‘unity' on nomination forms, following the instruction of provincial leader DD Mabuza. These votes can therefore go to either leading candidate should the delegates cast their vote rather than waste it.
A further uncertainty comes in the exact number of branches that have missed the deadline for their branch general meetings. The deadline for convening these was a week ago. Missing the deadline means they have missed the opportunity to be represented at the conference. The ANC in an interview with the author estimated that between 95-98% made the target date. Exclusions will lower the number of delegates.
A number of branches are caught up in disputes. Challenges centre on the lack of legality of the branch general meetings, some of which have been chaotic. Some battled to reach quorums (50% of members had to be present), or they faked quorums. In other instances officials disappeared with meeting materials and memberships lists, attendance registers were signed off-site, or bickering and fist-fights ruled. These branch delegates could still make it into the voting booths at the conference if the ANC task teams resolve the disputes.
A number of branches and provincial structures have taken their disputes to court. Prominent cases are in KwaZulu-Natal, Free State and the Eastern Cape. The national conference does not ultimately depend on the provincial structures, but provincial leaders may have influenced their branch-based underlings substantially, or have covered up irregularities that affected whom the branches nominated. Disputes at the time of conference could exclude some from voting, or having their votes counted.
The ballots of individual delegates are secret and it's therefore uncertain to what extent branch nominations will convert into matching votes. Prior conference outcomes show that the branch or provincial counts tended to hold: delegates are inclined to vote according to their mandates. But, political times have changed. Beyond the scrutiny of the superiors and away from branch commissars, delegates might vote according to “conscience”.
Hand-in-hand with individual discretion in the voting act is the practice of “brown envelopes”, or bribes. Speculation is that the bribes could be enormously persuasive, going into six-figure rewards for the right vote.
The final big uncertainty comes via the three leagues – for women, youth and veterans – and the ANC's executive structures. The large block of around 90 NEC and top-six votes, for example, could split relatively equally between the big candidates.
It is this block that has kept Zuma in power through a series of votes in the National Executive Committee, and interventions in parliamentary votes. But, they could by now see that the writing is on the wall given that Zuma will cede his position as head of the party in two weeks time, and his post as head of state in 2019.
Hard to call
The battle lines are drawn and the result is close. Exact calculations will remain impossible; the result is likely to be known by 17 or 18 December.
In the interim, all South Africans can do is rely on circumstantial evidence, including signs of confidence or panic in the ranks of the candidates. They can also try and plug the black holes.
Susan Booysen
Professor in the Wits School of Governance, University of the Witwatersrand
Originally published on The Conversation
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“We want our Villa back,” sang irate supporters at the end of the last two campaigns.
And regardless of the outcome of this season, it's fair to say the supporters have got what they asked for.
Watching the claret and blues this term has been fun.
Okay it might not feel that way after back-to-back defeats against Bolton and QPR left Steve Bruce's troops praying Cardiff City slip up in their final nine games.
But for the majority of this season - minus that awful start - Villa have been one of the best-performing teams in the division.
The difference between the opening months of the season and 2018 is huge.
Villa is no longer pushovers, they're a force to be reckoned with on the road, always good for a goal, exciting to watch and have the quality to batter any team at Villa Park as high-flying Wolves and Bristol City have already found out this year.
And to think, they've kept up with the pace for long periods despite a crippling injury crisis.
Jonathan Kodjia has missed the majority of the campaign, Jack Grealish sat out of the first three months, John Terry was sidelined for 10 games and now the left-back situation is stretched with Alan Hutton and Neil Taylor both missing.
Mile Jedinak, the experienced head in the middle, has also missed large chunks of the season and Glenn Whelan has had to sit out of recent games with a calf injury.
If ever there was a game set up for him, it was in the snow at the Macron Stadium yesterday against a Trotters side who battled to victory by using their guts and guile.
Let me ask you this: How many other teams would be where Villa are right now with such issues?
Only two teams in the division have amassed more points than Villa, and while the doom and gloom has set in once again following miserable defeats to bottom-half opponents, it's still not over.
There are 24 points up for grabs and a mammoth clash with Cardiff on the horizon.
Of course Steve Bruce knows his side have handed the initiative to their opponents and he's held his hands up to accept a degree of responsibility in defeats.
Forget those results at the start of the season, Villa were still in transition and in the process of recruiting the players Bruce needed.
But the manager has admitted that he made mistakes by not freshening up his team after international breaks or a backlog of fixtures.
Let's be honest, though, his players have let him down on a couple of occasions when they just haven't turned up.
But even yesterday, Villa were not as bad as the result makes out.
They had three golden chances to take something from the game as Lewis Grabban, Scott Hogan and James Bree were all denied.
What's evident this season is that Villa never give up. They're always fighting to the end to get something from games and supporters have recognised that.
“This is the most driven and together squad I have ever seen,” said one Villa fan in his thirties recently.
And let's not forget the happy memories this season has already produced.
Taking four points off bitter rivals Blues always helps, as did that 4-1 rout against league leaders Wolves last weekend.
Remember the away-day at Burton Albion after a convincing win at Barnsley and how Josh Onomah and Keinan Davis tore apart a depleted Preston North End at Deepdale?
I still think Villa's best performance of the season was at Queens Park Rangers when Albert Adomah was at the double.
That particular result ticked so many boxes as Villa came from behind to win for the first time in what felt like a lifetime, and also equalled the amount of away victories from the previous season.
Bristol City at home was special, Robert Snodgrass' late winner at Sheffield United unforgettable, and then came the display at Sheffield Wednesday - so good that even Whelan scored!
I'm not hiding from the fact that Villa is under-achieving if they miss out on the top-two.
And yes, for all those memorable days, there were some pretty torrid times against Brentford (home and away), Fulham and of course the week just passed.
But give your heads a wobble if you're one of those pessimistic supporters who think Villa will slip out of the play-offs. Heck the race for automatic promotion still isn't over!
And judging by how the current crop are able to lift their standards for the big games in front of big crowds, many will fancy their chances in the play-off lottery anyway.
Steve Bruce reacts
It's not quite a mountain yet, but two defeats have left Aston Villa with a mighty big hill to climb to achieve automatic promotion.
Steve Bruce faced the press after the second of those losses - a 1-0 defeat at Bolton Wanderers.
Here's what the Villa boss had to say:
THE TARGET
“We are capable. We have just done it. We are probably going to need to win six of our last eight, but it is possible.
“We can't give up.
“I am just disappointed that we have given ourselves a wonderful opportunity and our last two performances in particular have not been up to the standard of a week ago.”
“It is not over yet. That is for sure. We can't give up. We just have to get on with it."
AUTOMATIC PROMOTION
“Automatic? Well, look we've lost two in three days and other teams are capable of that.
“As I've said repeatedly, we need to win our games and we haven't.
“We've had a wonderful opportunity against QPR and Bolton - no disrepect to either of them - but we haven't took anything from it.
“In that respect we deserve to be where we are."
ULTIMATE AIM
“The same as when I first arrived here. I know the remit, that's where I have to be challenging.
“I said we've got to give ourselves a chance but we've had a horrible five days.
“We've lost more games in five days than we have previously in three months.
“We'll have to recover, still eight games to go, still all to play for, but we've certainly given the initiative to the others.
“In my experience, there's still a few twists and turns.
“April is huge - that's the defining month."
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
THE SNOW
“We have played a certain type of football, but on a night like tonight, if I had seen it coming down the way it was I might have picked a different team.
“When we left the hotel it was a glorious afternoon, by the time it kicked off.
“When we came in from the warm-up there was grass. When we came back out there was two inches of snow. It was a difficult night.
“It was an awful night and I don't want to make that an excuse but the conditions certainly didn't help.
“We couldn't play any sort of real football out there.
“They adapted to the conditions better than we did and it wasn't a night for our wide players because they couldn't run with the ball.
“It was a difficult night for all.
“It was very difficult. When it's like that it becomes a real leveller.
“They put it forward and played very simply."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
BOLTON'S WINNER
“It was soft. It was always going to be a goal from a set-piece wasn't it?
“We haven't done enough.
THE INTERNATIONAL BREAK
“It's a ridiculous time for all of us.
“We've got five games in a short space of time after the break but it's a waste of time going on about that.
“I'll not see 12-15 of them for 10 tens or so. You have to get on with it.”
GIVING IT A GO
“I thought we had to go a bit more direct (late on by finishing with four strikers).
“It was a wonderful save at the death (to deny James Bree) and Scotty Hogan's had a great chance.
“We were nowhere near good enough but we still had some really decent opportunities.
“However, we found it difficult as the night wore on in difficult conditions.
“We tried, huffed and puffed, but we couldn't get the breakthrough."
The UK will engage as early as next week with negotiators in Brussels on a legally binding fallback plan to keep Northern Ireland under EU rules.
This plan would be triggered to avoid a hard border if a deal cannot be agreed on Brexit or there is no specific solution brokered for Northern Ireland.
Tánaiste and Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney insisted on Monday the issue of ensuring an open border on the island of Ireland was not “being kicked into the long grass”.
EU and British negotiators would start working on a legally binding text on a so-called “backstop” arrangement “sooner rather than later”, he said, after the UK renewed its commitment to this scenario in a fresh Brexit deal with the EU yesterday.
The backstop agreement would fully align Northern Ireland with EU economic rules and trading regulations in order to maintain an open border if it was not resolved by an EU-UK trade deal or specific British proposal.
“Meetings have been scheduled as early as next week to start discussions on how it will be finalised,” Mr Coveney told reporters in Brussels.
Reasserted support
The British government reasserted its support for the backstop three weeks after UK prime minster Theresa May rejected it in the EU's draft Brexit treaty because it would split Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK.
Mrs May wrote to European Council president Donald Tusk on Monday agreeing to include in the withdrawal treaty “operational legal text for at least the so-called ‘backstop option'” in parallel with talks around a “deep” EU-UK trade deal to avoid a hard border or a specific solution for Northern Ireland.
A spokesman for Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said the UK had publicly accepted the need for a backstop in the Brexit agreement and it was “as legally firm” as the Government said it would be in December.
Following a frantic round of talks in recent days, the EU and UK agreed to the inclusion of a new text in the draft withdrawal agreement that the backstop should apply “unless and until another solution is found”.
That agreement was accompanied by a key deal on the terms of the 21-month transition period after the UK quits the EU in March 2019 to avoid a sudden, disorderly exit that would damage British and Irish trade.
This is a climb by the UK as it will now remain under EU rules for almost two years after Brexit.
Clear agreement
Mr Coveney stressed there was clear agreement a legally binding text on the backstop had to be in the Brexit treaty, and the withdrawal agreement itself could not be approved until a deal on Northern Ireland was agreed. “Nothing is agreed until everything is agreed,” he said.
He ruled out any consideration of Norway-Sweden or US-Canada border models but said the Government would “enthusiastically” support efforts for an EU-UK trade deal that is “comprehensive enough” to avoid a hard border.
Despite objecting to the backstop last month, the DUP, which keeps Mrs May's minority Conservative government in power, was unconcerned by the latest developments.
The party said in a statement that work would continue on the Border issue in the coming months and noted there had been “no agreement around how arrangements of any potential backstop” or other options would work.
“We will continue to work with the [UK] government on these matters and will be guided by the principle that there can be no internal border within the United Kingdom as we leave the European Union,” the party said.
Nursing home exec accused of misusing resident's money
hello
DANVILLE, Iowa -- A partial owner of a nursing home in southeast Iowa has been accused of misusing a resident's money.
Court records say 46-year-old Marc Johnson, of Hamilton, Illinois, is charged with felony dependent adult abuse-exploitation. He and his attorney didn't immediately return calls Monday from The Associated Press.
The Hawk Eye reports (http://bit.ly/2hJUOSE ) that authorities say Johnson took about $1,700 from a resident of the Danville Care Center in Danville to buy a television and other items for the facility.
___
Information from: The Hawk Eye, http://www.thehawkeye.com
A Santa Barbara man already on probation for vandalism is facing new charges after officers caught him defacing a fence with graffiti, according to the Santa Barbara Police Department.
Cheyne Aaron Watkins, 23, was arrested early Saturday and booked into Santa Barbara County Jail on suspicion of felony vandalism and misdemeanor resisting or delaying an officer, said Sgt. Riley Harwood.
His bail was set at $20,000.
Officers Scott Klacking and Michael Chung were on patrol on the 500 block of Chapala Street at about 2:30 a.m. Saturday when a citizen directed their attention to the first block of West Cota Street.
“Upon turning the corner, the officers saw Watkins near the southeast corner of the intersection spray painting graffiti to a green tarp-covered fence,” Harwood said. “When contacted, Watkins fled, discarding his spray paint can as he ran.”
Watkins was captured after a short foot chase, Harwood said, adding that he had defaced more than 300 square feet of fencing.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Real Madrid have dismissed reports they have agreed a deal to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris St Germain, describing the rumours as “completely false”.
The 19-year-old forward has been heavily linked with a potential world-record transfer to the Bernabeu.
He is currently playing for France at the World Cup in Russia where he has scored three goals in four games to help his country reach the quarter-finals.
“Given the information published in the last few hours regarding an alleged agreement between Real Madrid C.F. and PSG for the player Kylian Mbappe, Real Madrid would like to state that it is completely false,” the LaLiga club said in a statement on their website.
“Real Madrid has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned.”
Mbappe began his career at Monaco, helping them win Ligue 1 and reach the Champions League semi-finals in 2017 before moving to rival PSG last summer.
The transfer, initially a loan deal which was made permanent for a reported €136million, made him football's most expensive teenager.
He scored 13 times in 27 league games during his first season in Paris as PSG reclaimed the title.
By Umar Yusuf
YOLA—The Lamido Adamawa, Dr. Muhammdu Mustapha, has tasked traditional rulers to use their experiences to fast track development and propagate peaceful coexistence in the country.
He said: “As the custodians of the people, your wealth of experience is most needed now that the hate speech has become the order of the day.”
Mustapha made the call in Yola, weekend, during the turbanning of former Managing Director of Nigeria Ports Authority, NPA, Engr. Omar Suleiman, as the new Dokaji Adamawa.
In his acceptance speech, Engr. Suleiman expressed support for constitutional review to better the lots of traditional institution which, he noted, played a vital role in ensuring peace in their domain.
Former Military Administrator of Plateau State, Gen. Aliyu Kama (retd.), and his Birnin Kebbi counterpart, Adamu Aliero, were among the dignitaries that graced the occasion.
46-year-old Cliff Detty had been diagnosed with mental illness but father wonders whether drugs also played a fateful role
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 3 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Name: Rich Detty
Location: Santa Maria
Role: Father
Looking back, Rich Detty can't say for sure whether his son, Cliff, was addicted to prescription medications. He'll never have the chance to ask; Cliff Detty died in April 2010 while in restraints at Santa Barbara County's Psychiatric Health Facility.
For Detty, the drug abuse question and the true condition of his son's mental illness still haunt him.
Cliff Detty, 46, of Santa Maria, had been diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic by county psychiatrists, but that diagnosis was not revealed to his father until shortly before his death.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
A decade before, Cliff Detty had undergone two knee surgeries after an injury on the golf course where he worked. After the last operation, he was to stay overnight at the hospital where he was being treated. But that changed when a nurse told Detty and his wife that they would have to take their son home because he was out of control.
“A nurse came out of the waiting room and said ‘We've got him on enough drugs to knock out a horse, and he's still yelling for more. You've got to take him home; we can't handle him,'” Detty recalled.
“He had an incredible tolerance,” Detty said of his son.
A physician sent the Dettys home with a powerful painkiller for their son. Detty doesn't remember what the drug was, but says it was enough medication for seven days.
“Within two days it was gone,” he said.
After a second refill quickly disappeared, the doctor refused to reauthorize another prescription. When Cliff Detty showed up at the doctor's office to demand one, “he started yelling ‘Give me that damn prescription,'” Detty said.
Because Cliff Detty only lived sporadically at home and was out on the streets much of the time, it's difficult to tell how large a role drug abuse played in his life. The younger Detty had been arrested before for marijuana possession, and had spent five months in jail. At the time of his death at the county Pychiatric Health Facility in Santa Barbara, Cliff Detty has a significant amount of methamphetamine in his system.
Detty still has a dozen or so bottles of medication he found in his son's car. Some of them are still full with prescription medicines like Naproxen that Detty knows his son didn't take. Others are stronger. Two of the bottles contained hydrocodone pills, and are empty.
Detty said his son never took any of the Vicodin that Detty had in his medicine cabinet. Before her death from cancer, Detty's wife, Mary, also had painkillers in the house, but those were never taken either.
“I think about that and wonder if we all misjudged him and he was truly just a victim of mental illness, and the drugs had little or nothing to do with his condition,” Detty said. “I guess I will never know for sure.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Some nonprofit boards seem to “have their act together” and some are far from it. Some boards have an excellent relationship with the executive director and senior staff members, their meetings run smoothly and are productive, and board members are truly engaged in the mission of the organization. At the other end of the spectrum are boards that seem disorganized, unclear about their roles and responsibilities, micromanage the executive director, and are somewhat disconnected from the mission. What is the secret of a high-functioning board of directors? Is it the actual board members? Is it the board training? Is there some sort of “secret sauce” for boards?
First, let's look at what constitutes good board governance, and then we'll unravel the mystery of attaining this illusive paragon of nonprofit virtue.
Good governance requires the board to balance its role as an oversight body with its role as a force supporting the organization. While boards must exercise their fiduciary duties with care, good governance is about more than checklists. Good governance is about providing critical capital — intellect, reputation, resources and access — to power nonprofit success and thereby strengthen communities.
Become Exceptional Not Just Responsible
Responsible governance calls for boards to be competent stewards focusing on fiduciary oversight, making sure their organizations comply with the law, acting with financial integrity, and operating effectively and ethically.
But some boards want to operate at a more advanced level — a level described as exceptional. Exceptional boards add active engagement and independent decision-making to the oversight function. Their members are open and honest with each other and the chief executive. They passionately challenge and support each other's efforts in pursuit of the mission. The difference between exceptional boards and those that are merely responsible lies in thoughtfulness and intentionality, action and engagement, knowledge and communication.
Strong boards and strong chief executives make for good governance. Sharing a passion for serving their communities and constituents, they forge a dynamic relationship that leads to a higher level of performance. Exceptional boards, energized by a deep commitment to the work of their organizations, constantly search for solutions and seek to add value. Individual board members do substantive work that draws on their unique talents. Chief executives lead the organization adeptly, managing resources on a daily basis and regularly tapping into board talent. Exceptional boards work closely with the executive director as a valued team member.
Know Your Board Responsibilities
Nonprofit board members face higher expectations and greater scrutiny than ever before. This increased scrutiny comes from the media, government and from all levels of the community. The public is demanding to know more about what goes on in boardrooms. Some board members have become afraid that the increased scrutiny could lead to exposure to personal liability if the organization fails to comply, even inadvertently, with the increased regulations. Thankfully, this fear is usually unfounded. However, it points to the importance of being very clear when communicating roles and responsibilities to nonprofit board members.
Most board members want to be part of a board with a high bar of excellence — one that is knowledgeable about its duties and conducting itself in a way that enhances the value, effectiveness and credibility of their organization. The best place to start is solid board training so everyone is operating with the same playbook and working together with a common understanding of their function.
Understanding the difference between governance, which is the board's responsibility and management, which is the staff's purview, is critical to ensuring a high performing board. A comprehensive job description for board members helps minimize any ambiguities about expectations. The board's legal authority and the responsibilities of its individual members are distinct yet interdependent.
Finding and walking that fine line can be tricky sometimes, but it is possible if everyone understands basic board roles, responsibilities and function. This high level of understanding often is the result of a well organized, clear board training program led by an outside consultant.
Since the board is basically the “owner” of the nonprofit, excellent governance practices are critical to the success and sustainability of the organization. Once a strong foundation of board governance practices is established, the next piece of the nonprofit mystery is the all-important relationship between the board chair and the executive director/CEO. We'll enjoy the wisdom of local thought leader, Dr. Peter MacDougall, in the next “Kinecting Dots” article.
— Cynder Sinclair, Ph.D., is a local consultant to nonprofits and founder and CEO of Nonprofit Kinect. She can be contacted at 805.689.2137, or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . The opinions expressed are her own.
3:56 Cop Shop Podcast: Woman seeking beer busts in door Pause
5:00 Florida man tells cop he stabbed his sister 'too many times'
3:13 'Send a message!' prosecutor tells jurors at Macon murder trial
4:27 Cop Shop Podcast: Macon mom causes dental-office stir
3:09 'I begged him not to kill my son,' grieving woman says
1:00 One chilling detail ups Barberitos, Chevron killings to 'a whole different level'
9:42 They wanted money. She had access. Now she's dead
3:48 Cop Shop Podcast: Man goes off at Burger King
2:17 GBI director says that exploited elderly people were held in 'dungeons'
The Santa Barbara Foundation, Noozhawk and KDB 93.7 FM invite nominations for the 71st Annual Santa Barbara Man & Woman of the Year Awards, one of the city's most prestigious honors.
This important community award highlights the spirit of volunteerism by honoring those who have made significant and positive impact on the community through their volunteer efforts.
There are many in our community who give generously of their time and talent to important causes — this annual event celebrates everyone while also highlighting the work of one man and one woman who embody this powerful message through their exemplary volunteer efforts.
Recent past winners include Ken Saxon, Patricia MacFarlane, Gerd Jordano, Jane Habermann, Robert Emmons, Léni Fé Bland, Marshall Rose, Susan Gulbransen, Peter MacDougall and Sue Adams. All past winners are listed on the Santa Barbara Foundation website.
Nomination criteria and forms can be found online by clicking here. One may also call the Santa Barbara Foundation at 805.963.1873 to receive a form through email. Nominations must be received by 5 p.m. Friday, Aug. 30.
All nominations will be kept confidential, and the Man and Woman of the Year will be revealed at a luncheon from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Oct. 15 at the Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore.
Mark your calendar, save the date and make your nominations!
— Jessica Tade is the communications and marketing manager for the Santa Barbara Foundation.
A bill by state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson, D-Santa Barbara, that would prevent employers from firing or discriminating against an employee who has been a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking passed out of the Assembly Judiciary Committee. The vote was 6-1.
Testifying in support of the bill was Carie Charlesworth, a former San Diego teacher who made national news headlines when she was let go from her San Diego teaching job after her abusive ex-husband visited her school campus.
“Victims should not have to continue suffering in silence due to the fear they have of losing their jobs,” Charlesworth said in her testimony. “Victims need to be able to speak up about what is happening so they can get the help they need to leave their abusive situation. The fear of losing their job — the way they can support themselves and their families after they leave an abuser — should not be a burden they have to carry.”
“I introduced this bill a few months before Carie Charlesworth's story began making headlines around the country,” Jackson said. “But when I heard Carie's story, it was clear that her situation helped illustrate in very clear terms the problem my legislation is attempting to solve. I'm pleased that this bill is moving forward. It has the opportunity to positively impact victims facing situations similar to Carie's in the future.”
Senate Bill 400 would also require employers to make reasonable efforts to protect these victims from their abuser or stalker, such as changing their work telephone number, relocating their desk or implementing a workplace safety plan.
“I strongly believe that an unknown threat to a workplace is much more dangerous than a known threat,” Jackson said. “With information, employees and employers can work together to make a victim safer, their co-workers safer, and the entire workplace safer.”
“We should not send the message to victims of domestic violence that, if they come forward, they risk losing their jobs,” Legal Aid Society-Employment Law Center senior staff attorney Sharon Terman said. “Instead we should encourage survivors to disclose their situation so that they can work with their employers to create a safer workplace for everyone. SB 400 would do just that, and we applaud the Judiciary Committee for taking this important step.”
The bill now heads to the Assembly Appropriations Committee.
— Lisa Gardiner is the communications director for state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Alfa Chemistry, BOC Sciences, Triveni Chemicals, Conier Chem & Pharma Limited, Flagresso G.m.b.H., Simagchem Corporation, Simagchem Corporation, Haihang Industry Co., Ltd., Nanning Venusson Bio-Technology Co., Ltd, Hubei Yuancheng Saichuang Technology Co., Ltd. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-fenchone-cas-1195-79-5-market/10365/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Purity 99%, Purity 97%, Purity 96%, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Perfume, Food Flavoring Agent, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-fenchone-cas-1195-79-5-market/10365/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
TWO pupils from Inyanda Secondary School in Bulawayo's Gwabalanda suburb are in trouble after a steamy video with sexual acts that was seemi...
The government built modern homes like this one, in the town of Norvelt, for poor coal miners in the 1930s. (Library of Congress)
Whites, angered at blacks and immigrants receiving “government handouts,” forget they were lifted out of poverty through racially exclusive welfare programs in the 30s.
Today, the federal government's role in building and subsidizing the homestead communities—and the larger government programs to subsidize construction of white suburbs across the nation—is all but erased from history.
Between 2001 and 2010, Westmoreland County, Pa., lost at least 8,000 manufacturing jobs. That's one explanation for why this once-blue region gave more votes to Donald Trump than did any other Pennsylvania county, helping swing the state in his favor and propelling him to a surprise victory.
“We want our jobs back,” John Golomb, a retired steelworker in Westmoreland County and lifelong Democrat who voted for Trump, told the Wall Street Journal, adding that previous presidents from both parties “forgot us.”
A form of historical amnesia also afflicts Westmoreland County. Largely absent from discussions of its decline are the ambitious social welfare programs that once helped its residents climb out of poverty. Two generations ago, this area of rural Pennsylvania was the site of a sweeping—and successful—federal housing program. The New Deal subsistence homestead program, launched in 1933 with $25 million, built modern homes for low-wage industrial workers and gave them plots of land for subsistence farming. In this corner of coal country devastated by dangerous labor practices and low wages, federal officials constructed a new community that gave poor white families a stepping-stone to home ownership and the middle class. The story of this housing program is told by historians Timothy Kelly, Margaret Power and Michael Cary in Hope in Hard Times: Norvelt and the Struggle for Community During the Great Depression.
Norvelt, one of 34 communities in 18 states completed under the Roosevelt administration's subsistence homestead program, remains today as a village of more than 1,000 residents in Westmoreland County. The median household income in Norvelt is more than $56,000, just above the state median. Fewer than three percent of residents live in poverty, a lower rate than any of the surrounding communities. It's a monument to the potential for “an ambitious and innovative federal government” to “work positively in people's lives,” the authors write. But it is also a reminder of the federal government's inability—or refusal— to address the unyielding racial segregation in America's housing markets. The authors can document just one African-American family living in Norvelt in the late 1930s, and the community is still largely white today.
Most of the community's first residents were the children or grandchildren of immigrants from southern or eastern Europe and had lived in “coal patch” communities owned by Henry Clay Frick. The move to Norvelt could not have been more stark. The men had worked 10-to 12-hour days in Frick's coal mines and coke ovens while residing in “patch” communities, in houses of four to six rooms owned by the mining company. Into the 1930s, families shared outhouses, carried water from a communal pump and heated their homes with coal stoves. Coal dust and contagious diseases spread from house to house, making the lives of wives and mothers a constant war against dirt, malnutrition and the diseases that put child mortality rates among the highest in the nation.
Norvelt's houses, by contrast, had indoor bathrooms, kitchen sinks with running water, furnaces and electrical appliances, providing the miners and their families with middle-class living standards. They worked collectively in the hatchery and vegetable gardens, producing food for their households and subsidizing their low wages at the mines. By all accounts, Norvelt was a healthy, prosperous community. The town was named for Eleanor Roosevelt, a strong supporter of the federal program, who visited Westmoreland Homesteads on May 21, 1937. Roosevelt had taken the train from Washington to Greensburg, Pa., then insisted on driving herself the eight miles to the settlement, where she was greeted by a welcoming committee and given a three-hour tour. Following her visit, the residents of Westmoreland, grateful for the first lady's support, renamed their community Norvelt.
The homestead experiment ended after WWII, when residents took ownership of their houses, incorporated their towns, and turned the cooperative farms into individually owned yards. A generation or two after the federal government built Norvelt and other homestead communities, many children and grandchildren of the original beneficiaries became Nixon's silent majority or Trump's Rust Belt whites, angered by what they perceived as government handouts to African Americans and immigrants. It's an ugly irony that the book's authors do not explain.
When most Americans think about public housing today, they picture the widely despised high-rise projects blamed for destroying black urban neighborhoods. This was federally funded housing for the urban working class, introduced under the 1937 Housing Act. Early public housing offered comfortable, modern apartments for both white and black families, but racial segregation was enforced. By the 1960s, high-rise public housing was underfunded, poorly maintained, and considered little more than a warehouse for the black urban poor.
Today, the federal government's role in building and subsidizing the homestead communities—and the larger government programs to subsidize construction of white suburbs across the nation—is all but erased from history. This allows contemporary white Americans to assume they came by home ownership, and the family wealth it produces, through individual hard work. It also sustains their refusal to recognize the ways white privilege—or what W.E.B. Du Bois called “the wages of whiteness”—propelled white workers into middle-class economic stability.
Deindustrialization in the 1970s and 1980s—coupled with 40 years of stagnant wages and the 2008 housing crisis—have eroded the value of whiteness, though certainly not eliminated it. Eighty years after Norvelt, the right-wing elite plays on the anxiety of working-class whites who have lost some of the economic privileges that their grandparents took for granted.
The story of Norvelt reinforces the ways race and class are intricately bound together in American policy. Government support for housing the laboring poor was among the New Deal's most innovative programs, one so effective that government's role in building a nation of homeowners is now largely forgotten.
The success of New Deal homestead towns, in particular, reminds us that sweeping social welfare programs can benefit and win the support of the rural working class. But like so many New Deal programs, the homestead program was shot through with contradictions. It mixed idealism with opportunism, collective values with individualism, working-class uplift with racial exclusion. Ultimately, this helped to forge America's massive racial wealth gap. It's a piece of history worth recovering.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TDs are deeply divided on the proposal to introduce abortion on request up to 12 weeks, an Irish Times survey has found, and there is significant doubt over whether proposed abortion legislation would command a majority in the Dáil.
The Government has said it will introduce legislation to give effect of the findings of the Oireachtas Committee on abortion if the forthcoming referendum to abolish the Eighth Amendment, which bans abortion is almost all circumstances, is passed.
Among the committee's recommendations is that abortion on request up to 12 weeks should be legalised. The Government has said it will publish the general scheme of a Bill – laying out its intentions and principles – before the referendum in order to inform the debate.
Such a Bill could only be introduced to the Dáil if the amendment were abolished by the referendum, but today's survey shows its passage through the House would be in doubt.
The Irish Times asked all TDs if they supported the Government's proposal to legislate for abortion on request up to 12 weeks.
They were asked by email and followed up by text message if they had not replied. Many have also declared their position publicly.
Check the referendum tracker here:
irishtimes.com/news/politics/referendum-tracker
As of last night, 56 said that they were in favour of the proposal, while 51 said they were opposed. The remaining 51 TDs said either said they were undecided on the matter, or did not respond and have not declared their position publicly elsewhere.
Undeclared
Sinn Féin TDs, with the exceptions of Peadar Tóibín, who holds anti-abortion views, and Kathleen Funchion, who said she would definitely support the legislation, are marked as undeclared. Although most said they were in favour of the 12-weeks proposal personally, they said they would be bound by party policy.
Currently Sinn Féin policy is opposed to abortion on request. However, it is expected that an ardfheis will be asked to change this in the coming months. If Sinn Féin supported the Government proposal in the Dáil, it would significantly increase the chances of the legislation passing, increasing the number of votes by 21.
A large number of Fine Gael TDs – 22 out of the party's 50 Dáil members – are currently undeclared. Nine Fine Gael TDs say they are opposed to the 12-weeks proposal, while 19 have said they support it.
Among Fianna Fáil TDs, the great majority are against the proposal. Just eight of the party's TDs say they will support the 12-weeks measure (including leader Micheál Martin), while 32 say they are opposed. This includes those who say they are opposed to repeal of the Eighth Amendment. Four are undeclared, including the Ceann Comhairle Seán Ó Fearghaíl.
Stiffer opposition
Senior Government sources acknowledge that while the repeal of the amendment has widespread support in the Dáil and the referendum proposal will pass the Oireachtas easily, the subsequent legislation will encounter much stiffer opposition.
This week, Tánaiste Simon Coveney said that while he backed repeal of the amendment, he would not support the 12-weeks proposal and would seek to amend the Bill if the referendum was passed and the Bill to legalise abortion came before the Oireachtas.
TDs in both Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil will have a free vote on the legislation if it is brought before the House.
Market Highlights:
3D Animation is a process of developing/creating 3D dimensional moving images in the digital environment. 3D animation has gone through many advancements in recent years. The trend towards 3D animation is continuously growing. 3D animation is growing fastest in the media and entertainment industry. 3D animation provides view in different projections and angles making it look lively. The 3D animation engages people visually and thus attracts them. 3D animation trend is growing among game developers and designers. It has been observed that architects and smart classes segment is also expected to show a trend of 3D animation in recent years.
The study indicates that 3D animation provides many benefits such as it provides superior ability to portray movements, great visual effects, time management, easily grab attention and others. These numerous benefits of 3D animation boosts the 3D animation market. The study indicates that the growing adoption of visual effects technology in movies and the increasing demand for 3D mobile applications are driving the 3D animation market. Apart from it the increase in the use of 3D mapping technology for GPS and navigation is also driving the 3D animation market. The study reveals that lack of finance is a restraining factor for the 3D animation market.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2760
Major Key Players
Autodesk (U.S.),
Image Metrics (U.S.),
Maxon Computer (Germany),
Corel Corporation (Canada),
Adobe Systems Inc. (U.S.),
NVIDIA Corporation (U.S.),
Pixologic Inc. (U.S.),
SideFx Software (Canada),
The Foundry VisionMongers Ltd. (U.K.), Trimble Navigation Ltd. (U.S.) among others
The global 3D Animation market is expected to grow at USD ~20.5 Billion by 2022, at ~12% of CAGR between 2016 and 2022.
Regional Analysis
The regional analysis of 3D Animation market is being studied for region such as Asia pacific, Americas, Europe and Rest of the World. Rapid developments animation industry has driven the market of 3D Animation in North America. It has been observed that North America region is the leading in 3D Animation market. The study reveals that Asia-Pacific region is expected to show a sudden hike in the 3D Animation market during the forecast period. Asia-Pacific countries like China, Taiwan, India, and South Korea have a fair share in the 3D Animation market. In Europe region, the market for 3D Animation is witnessing high growth rate due to presence of large number of automotive and aerospace companies that are using 3D Animation technology for improving their business productivity.
Segments:
The global 3D animation market has been segmented on the basis of software, service, component, hardware, end-user and region.
3D Animation Market by Software:
SDK
Plug-in Software
Platforms
Others
3D Animation Market by Hardware:
Motion Capturing Systems
Workstation
Video cards and GPU
Others
3D Animation Market by Service:
Support and Maintenance
Integration and Deployment
Consulting
3D Animation Market by end-user:
Media & entertainment
Healthcare
Architecture
Education
Others
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/3d-animation-market-2760
Intended Audience
Rea & Associates, an accounting and business consulting firm based in Dublin, OH, recently made an announcement concerning the latest episode of its Unsuitable podcast. According to Rea, the episode, which was released on January 15, 2018, is the 116th installment in the series. Rea went on to share that the episode is entitled “Your Baby (Business) is all Grown Up…So what's Next?”
According to Rea , the episode, hosted by Dave Cain, C.P.A., is intended to help business owners make the transition out of the beginning stages of entrepreneurship toward the next steps for themselves and their companies. Rea mentioned that the podcast features business valuation and exit planning guru Tim McDaniel. Rea announced that, in the podcast, Mr. McDaniel discusses such topics as why business valuation is a critical step for any business owner, when business owners should start planning an exit strategy, and how a business owner can successfully exit their business.
Rea stated that the podcast, which is hosted on Rea Radio, is located at http://www.reacpa.com/insight/episode-116-your-baby-business-is-all-grown-up-so-whats-next/ . Rea also indicated that the episode can be viewed on the company's YouTube channel. Rea also shared that a transcript is available for download. Rea stated that the webpage contains links to articles that are relevant to the topics of business valuation and exit strategy. According to Rea, such articles include “The Perfect Time To Gift A Business To The Next Generation,” “How To Plan For What Comes Next,” and “Grow The Value of Your Business.”
Rea concluded its announcement by giving some company information. Rea indicated that it has been providing financial advice to Ohioans since 1933. In fact, the company shared that it was born out of the hardships of the Great Depression. Rea mentioned that it helped guide people through that difficult time, and will continue to act as a financial guide during good times and bad. Rea closed by stating that it employs a team of over 300 dedicated accountants and business consultants who provide a range of accounting services to companies and individuals throughout Ohio. Reviews of the accounting and consulting company can be found at https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rea+%26+Associates+CPA/@40.1023683,-83.1479485,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0xeacdd16ca708fd03!8m2!3d40.1023683!4d-83.1457598?hl=en
Contact:
Becca Davis
Company: Rea & Associates
Address: 5775 Perimeter Drive Suite 200, Dublin, OH 43017
Phone: (614)889-0159
Website: http://www.reacpa.com/location/dublin-cpa-firm/
Deputies were called in after report of a domestic disturbance
A Goleta neighborhood was shut down Friday morning and a special-enforcement team was sent to the scene after a report of an altercation involving a man possibly armed with a gun.
The incident began just before 9 a.m. at a residence in the 7400 block of San Blanco Drive near Dos Pueblos High School, according to Santa Barbara County sheriff's Lt. Kelly Moore.
Moore said deputies learned that an altercation had occurred between a woman and her adult son, who allegedly pushed the woman, struck her with a sports racquet and broke a telephone as she was trying to call 9-1-1.
The mother and her 14-year-old daughter were able to escape from the house and called authorities, who converged on the El Encanto Heights neighborhood of single-family homes, Moore said.
Deputies surrounded the house and evacuated residents from adjacent homes while they attempted to make contact with the suspect.
In addition to the special-enforcement team, the Sheriff's Department's “Bearcat” armored vehicle was called in, as was a county helicopter.
Extra precautions were taken because there were indications the suspect might have access to weapons, Moore said.
The suspect, Felipe Barrera, 20, was eventually traced to the home of a friend on nearby San Milano Drive, where he was taken into custody without incident.
When deputies initially approached the San Milano residence, a teen who answered the door told them Barrera was not there.
However, “the deputies conducted a probation search of the residence and were able to locate the suspect inside,” Moore said.
Barrera was booked into County Jail on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon, destroying a communications device to prevent someone from calling law enforcement, and committing a felony while out on bail, Moore said.
He also was booked on several outstanding arrest warrants.
The 17-year-old at the San Milano residence was charged with lying to deputies.
The San Blanco home subsequently was searched, and deputies found a loaded .22-caliber rifle that had been modified to be able to be concealed, Moore said.
No injuries were reported.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tonight's Euromillions draw is for a huge multiple-rollover jackpot of an estimated £94 million.
The Euromillions draw on Friday, February 2, has now taken place so it's time to find out if you're sitting on that winning ticket.
Always wanted to buy that house of your dreams and a couple of cars to put in the garage? Well maybe now you can.
It's time to check those numbers.
The National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers on Friday, February 2, are 14, 34, 36, 39 and 48 and the Lucky Stars are 2 and 3.
The Millionaire Maker codes are: VDQW29418 and JDQQ05088.
And Friday is also a Thunderball day so here are the winning numbers in today's draw: 11, 20, 24, 25 and 32. The Thunderball is 5.
New NEXT opens in Birmingham Bullring
The Who announce their 50th anniversary tour
Rated! The best fish & chip shops in Birmingham a
Construction of SW8 at Alton Towers - video from
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tickets for this year's V Festival went on sale via The Ticket Factory last month.
Rap icon Jay-Z will be treating the main stage crowds to two decades' worth of hits at the event, which takes place in Weston Park, Staffordshire, and Hylands Park, Chelmsford, over the weekend of August 19 and 20.
Pink will be returning to get the party started 10 years after her debut appearance in 2007, with a set promising spectacular stagecraft and choreography.
Joining them on the line-up are electo-pop songstress Ellie Goulding, grime upstart Stormzy, garage comeback act Craig David, Mercury-winning hip hop artist Dizzee Rascal and Stateside superstar Jason Derulo.
Also on the bill are chart-topping drum and bass acts Rudimental and Sigma, Jamaican dancehall dynamo Sean Paul, superstar DJ Pete Tong, ska icons Madness and festival favourites Jess Glynne and Clean Bandit.
Pop-rockers The Wombats and Scouting For Girls will also be performing, along with singer-songwriters George Ezra and James Arthur, while pop punk trio Busted will be giving fans a blast from the past with some of their memorable noughties tunes.
Other acts confirmed for this year's festival include Anne Marie, JP Cooper, Jonas Blue, The Vamps, Calum Scott, Hannah Wants, Jack Savoretti and Krept & Konan.
V Festival 2017 ticket and presale information
Tickets will be on-sale via The Ticket Factory here, priced from £189 for the weekend.
Full V Festival 2017 lineup
Line-up for Saturday at Chelmsford/Sunday at Staffordshire
Pink
Jess Glynne
George Ezra
Rudimental
Craig David
Line-up for Saturday at Staffordshire/Sunday at Chelmsford
Jay-Z
Stormzy
Emeli Sande
Pete Tong
Ellie Goulding
Appearing across the weekend will be: Jason Derulo, Madness, Steve Aoki, Sean Paul, Dizzee Rascal, Sigma, James Arthur, Clean Bandit, Gorgon City, The Wombats, Ann-Marie, Hannah Wants, Krept & Kronan, The Vamps, Jack Savoretti, Busted, JP Cooper, Ella Eyre, Example & DJ Wire, Jonas Blue, The Wailers, Scouting For Girls, Raye, Calum Scott.
NOTE: The national semifinals from San Antonio will be televised Saturday, March 31, on TBS with team-specific “TeamCast” broadcast on TNT and truTV. The national championship will air Monday, April 2, on TBS.
Jim Nantz, Grant Hill, Bill Raftery and Tracy Wolfson will be on the call for the Final Four and national championship games on TBS. Veteran play-by-play voice Ian Eagle will be on the mic for the regional semifinals and finals for the first time.
Sweet 16/regional semifinals
THURSDAY
7:07 p.m., CBS: No. 7 Nevada vs. No. 11 Loyola-Chicago (Brian Anderson, Chris Webber, Lisa Byington)
7:37 p.m., TBS: No. 3 Michigan vs. No. 7 Texas A&M (Kevin Harlan, Reggie Miller, Dan Bonner, Dana Jacobson)
Filmmaker Woody Allen, left, greets actress Diane Keaton onstage to give her the 45th AFI Life Achievement Award during a gala tribute to her at the Dolby Theatre on Thursday, June 8, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
Filmmaker Woody Allen, left, greets actress Diane Keaton onstage to give her the 45th AFI Life Achievement Award during a gala tribute to Keaton at the Dolby Theatre on Thursday, June 8, 2017, in Los Angeles.
The Associated Press
Diane Keaton is such a special entertainer that even normally reclusive Woody Allen is appearing in a televised tribute to her.
Allen is among those honoring the actress in the American Film Institute's presentation of its 45th Life Achievement Award. The AFI's "Tribute to Diane Keaton" will premiere Thursday night on TNT.
Warren Beatty, Morgan Freeman, Reese Witherspoon, Jane Fonda and Emma Stone also paid homage to Keaton during a gala ceremony last week in Hollywood. Steve Martin and Martin Short performed a musical roast of the actress.
Allen, who directed Keaton to her Oscar-winning performance in "Annie Hall," said he owes much of what he's accomplished in his life to her.
The trial of ex-minister Dr Samuel Undenge failed to kick off at the Harare magistrates court today with the State applying for a postponement because its key witness Mr Noah Gwariro is reportedly sick and incapacitated.
Mr Undenge is facing criminal abuse of office charges for awarding a tender to Fruitful Communications without following procedure.
Mr Undenge, who is represented by Mr Alec Muchadehama, appeared before regional magistrate Mr Hoseah Mujaya.
The State, led by Mr Jonathan Murombedzi, indicated Mr Gwariro, Zimbabwe Power Company's managing director, is sick hence his “situation is unforeseen”.
Mr Muchadehama argued that the State's application was evidence that it was not prepared for trial hence infringing on the accused's constitutional rights.
The defence however successfully applied for cancellation of Dr Undenge's reporting conditions at Highlands Police Station. The trial has been postponed to May 15 by consent of the State and defence. Herald
MOSCOW (AP) — The lack of a U.S. team caused a big viewership drop for World Cup telecasts.
The 48 group stage broadcasts on Fox and FS1 averaged 2,069,000 viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research. That is down 42 percent from the 3.54 million average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC four years ago and down 15 percent from the 2,429,000 average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC eight years ago.
Excluding games involving the U.S. team in previous World Cups, the average declined 28 percent from the 2014 tournament in Brazil and was up 1 percent from the 2010 tournament in South Africa.
Most group-stage kickoff times this year were morning EDT, starting as early as 6 a.m., and the latest matches began at 2 p.m. Games in 2014 started mostly from noon to 4 p.m. EDT, while in 2010 games there were many matches at 10 a.m. and some as early as 7:30 a.m.
Twenty-six group-stage matches were aired on Fox, up from six on ABC in 2014 and four on ABC in 2010.
Ratings include only television viewers and not those who viewed digital streams.
Spanish-language coverage for Telemundo and Universo, both part of Comcast Corp.'s NBCUniversal Inc., averaged 1.96 million viewers, including digital streaming. That was down 26 percent from the 2.64 million average on Univision and Unimas four years ago and up 7 percent from the 1.84 million average for Univision's networks in 2010.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Two days after an exhausted Brighton had lost to Sheffield Wednesday in last season's play-off semi-final, the club announced that the manager, Chris Hughton, had signed a new four-year contract. In the afterglow of ostensible failure that sort of thing might have been regarded as inadvisable by some, but not Brighton. Hughton is part of a plan, one that has brought them to the Premier League.
It has been a plan 20 years in the making. Year Zero for Brighton was 1997, when they eked out a draw on the final day of the season against Hereford to stay in the Football League. It was a point that saved them not just from relegation but quite possibly from oblivion, the club having been run into the ground and out of their old home. Over the next two decades the former chairman Dick Knight, followed by the current chairman and benefactor to the tune of nearly £250m Tony Bloom – boyhood fans both – first saved what was then a shell of a club, then oversaw its transition.
That defeat by Sheffield Wednesday was Brighton's third play-off semi-final defeat in four years, the difference now being that in the previous two it had been the respective managers' final games in charge. Gus Poyet, having taken them from League One to the play-offs, was dismissed owing to an apparent breach of contract, then a year later his replacement, Oscar García, resigned. Hughton arrived at the end of 2014, after one of their few mis-steps, the appointment of Sami Hyypia, had been corrected reasonably swiftly, and set them back on the right path.
Brighton chairman Tony Bloom celebrates. Photo: Gareth Fuller/PA
When the players talk about Hughton, most refer to his calm authority, a steady head when pressure presents itself. It has become something of a cliche to say he is tougher than his nice guy reputation suggests but it nonetheless forms a big part of why he is successful and respected. “He never gets too high emotionally but gets his point across when we don't do the job,” the midfielder Dale Stephens says. Hughton seems like the perfect manager for Brighton, one whose understated ambition and ability not to panic when others might, matches their own.
After last season's disappointment, when they led the division for a couple of months, recovered from a winter blip and faded at the last, Hughton and those above him nonetheless recognised they were on to a good thing, and patience was all that was required. Given the strength of the teams relegated from the Premier League, that might have been regarded as a gamble but, if it was, then it has paid off handsomely.
An already fine squad was added to judiciously, Shane Duffy arriving from Blackburn to form the division's best central defensive partnership with Lewis Dunk, while Glenn Murray returned to add a few more goals up front. The summer's biggest task was keeping hold of key talent: Stephens wanted to leave for Burnley but six bids were rejected while Newcastle made moves for the sparkling Anthony Knockaert.
Knockaert is Brighton's star man, the Championship's best player, a twinkling and devastatingly effective winger who can also often look like an intensely frustrating team-mate to play with. Knockaert will often go for a more difficult option, the path of most resistance by ignoring players in ostensibly better positions. But his faith that it is better for him to keep the ball and do things on his own is usually justified: against Wolves on Good Friday he twice headed towards goal with colleagues madly flapping their arms for a pass but twice he went ahead and scored himself. It is tough to argue that a player is being selfish when he can win games on his own.
Chris Hughton signed a new four-year contract after Brighton were beaten in the playoff final last year. Photo: Martin Rickett/PA
Knockaert is a rare concession to individualism in a team who move as a collective. The Frenchman wins games but a more prosaic explanation for their success is strength in depth. Last season's player of the year Beram Kayal has missed large chunks of this campaign and Brighton have barely blinked. Duties on the opposite flank to Knockaert have been shared by the assorted talents of Jiri Skalak, Jamie Murphy and Solly March. Three strikers – Murray, Tomer Hemed and Sam Baldock – have reached double figures, in addition to Knockaert's 15. Hughton's adherence to a fairly traditional 4-4-2 system is not especially fashionable but he has found a formation to suit his players, surely one of the absolute basics of good management.
Because of what the club did for me I could stay here all my life
Brighton play efficient football, not the direct game the former Norwich manager Alex Neil suggested they did earlier in the season, but neither is it often frilly. They can be functional but that is what is required to get out of the Championship. Because of this, along with their individual talents, Brighton are perhaps better than any other side at winning games while playing badly: one example that sticks out is the win at Birmingham in December, when goals in the last 10 minutes from Murray and Knockaert nabbed a 2-1 win. Afterwards Hughton admitted they had been poor for 80 minutes but few cared.
Then there is the old-fashioned notion of team spirit. Most successful sides will present the image of that intangible idea of togetherness but at Brighton it seems genuine and perhaps deeper than most. The story of the squad travelling to France to attend the funeral of Knockaert's father is well-known but that does not make it any less extraordinary, or valuable. “Because of what the club did for me I could stay here all my life,” Knockaert said about this act of solidarity, later describing it as “the best moment of my life”.
The sense of unity seems to extend to the rest of the club. It does not hurt that all staff, not just the players, will receive a bonus now promotion is secured. For away trips Bloom will often be seen not on the team coach and in the director's box but among fans on the train and the terraces. In February the TV cameras picked him up celebrating a Murray goal against Brentford with the uncoordinated glee of a kid. This is a club where lines between those in the stands, on the pitch and behind the scenes are blurred.
“As an achievement for this club, this is probably greater – bigger, I should say,” said Hughton recently, when asked if this promotion would eclipse the one he won with Newcastle in 2010. Brighton and Newcastle established themselves as the top two some time ago (the last time anyone else paused in the automatic promotion places was October) but certainly in recent weeks Rafael Benítez's side have seemed to be on a slightly grim trudge to their promotion. For them they are merely trying to attain the minimum expected of them: when they go up, one senses it will be more a relief than anything else. For Brighton their joy reflects 20 years of effort and a plan rewarded.
(Guardian service)
What's in southern Illinois besides the eclipse?
hello
For a bit of history, visit Cave-In-Rock State Park along the Ohio River. The sandstone cavern along the river bank was known as a hideaway for pirates along the river during the 1800s. SOUTHERN ILLINOIS local MEDIA GROUP FILE PHOTO
Giant City State Park, south of Carbondale, will be crowded during the eclipse, but it's worth visiting the park's lodge for the best fried chicken you'll ever have. SOUTHERN ILLINOIS local MEDIA GROUP FILE PHOTO
The Little Grand Canyon waterfall is among the discoveries along the hiking trail of the park, part of the Shawnee National Forest. SOUTHERN ILLINOIS local MEDIA GROUP FILE PHOTO
The downtown business district of Makanda, which calls itself the "Solar Eclipse Crossroads of America," will get two minutes, 40.2 seconds of darkness during the total solar eclipse on Aug. 21, more than anywhere else in the United States. Associated Press
The Shawnee Hills Wine Tour is a great way to sample the products from 11 of the region's top vineyards. SOUTHERN ILLINOIS local MEDIA GROUP FILE PHOTO
There's a bit of irony in that a total eclipse of the sun will shine a spotlight on a region of Illinois many suburban residents never realized existed.
If you are traveling to southern Illinois for the first time to view the Aug. 21 astronomic spectacle, you'll likely be surprised by its lack of "Illinois-ess" -- the land isn't flat and lined with rows and rows of corn and soybeans. In fact, you're likely to find the rolling hills and lush landscape among the most beautiful in the country, if not the state.
If you're staying for a few days, here are some things worth checking out.
Take a hike
What makes the region a "go-to" destination is the Shawnee National Forest, which covers the bottom fifth of the state and provides some of the richest nature and most breathtaking views in Illinois. Lush forests and large sandstone outcroppings provide a range of activities, from hiking and horse riding to rock climbing and rappelling.
Giant City State Park, just south of Carbondale, likely will be full of campers on eclipse weekend, so you might want to avoid that (although the Giant City Lodge serves some of the best fried chicken you'll ever find and the climb to the top of the nearby water tower provides a stunning view of the region). Some alternatives are Little Grand Canyon near Murphysboro, where the 3.6-mile hiking trail takes you from scenic heights down through sharply carved sandstone cliffs into the canyon. There you'll find the Little Grand Canyon waterfall and rock formations.
Garden of the Gods, east of the eclipse area near Harrisburg, also offers stunning views from the outlooks atop sandstone sculptures carved from centuries of wind and rain.
Camel Rock in Garden of the Gods near Harrisburg provides a stunning view of the region. - Photo by Travis DeNeal/SOUTHERN ILLINOIS LOCAL MEDIA GROUP
The Observation Trail and Stone Staircase will take you among some magnificent towering natural formations, as well as some of the best views of the southern Illinois landscape.
Take a sip
Blue Sky Vineyards and Winery in Makanda is among the most picturesque of the region's 20 wineries. It will also be within yards of the solar eclipse's point of the longest duration. - Courtesy of Blue Sky Vineyards
Unknown to most northerners, southern Illinois' climate and rich soil have grown a hearty wine industry over the past couple of decades.
Of the 20 wineries that dot the American Viticultural Area designated region, established vineyards like Blue Sky Winery in Makanda and Alto Vineyards in Alto Pass have won awards in contests pitting the region's grapes against the likes of California's Napa Valley.
Blue Sky Vineyards and Winery in Makanda is among the most picturesque of the region's 20 wineries. It will also be within yards of the solar eclipse's point of the longest duration. - Courtesy of Blue Sky Vineyards
While Blue Sky is the most picturesque of the region's wineries -- you'll think you're sipping your Seyval among the hills of Tuscany -- it is also within yards of the eclipse's point of the longest duration, so expect a crowd if you go there. A good bet would be to take the Shawnee Hills Wine Trail tour, a self-guided tour among 11 of the area's wineries. Go at your own pace, visit and taste some of the region's best wines, and enjoy the ambience that the nearby grape fields and rolling hills have to offer.
Feelin' groovy
Downtown Makanda's boardwalk is a throwback to the '60s with a number of quaint crafts and antiques shops, along with residents who hold onto the "do your own thing" lifestyle. - David Wilson -- Flickr via Wikipedia
The town of Makanda is still worth checking out when it's not so crowded. There's a good reason it's made many publications' lists of "most hippie towns" in America.
The former coal mining town (and hometown for former U.S. Sen. Paul Simon) is a haven for those who hold onto the '60s do-your-own-thing lifestyle. Take a stroll on the town's boardwalk, which not only gives a wonderful view of the hilly terrain but also fronts a number of quaint crafts and antique stores. Stop by the Rainmaker Art Studio and ask to see the Rock and Water Garden in the backyard. And stop by the memorial for Boomer, a three-legged dog who legend says heroically saved his owner from a death by train in the 1800s.
Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cole Hamels pauses at the bottom of the mound after walking Houston Astros' Cameron Maybin in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
The Texas Rangers ranked among the major-league leaders in an unenviable category this season: most money paid to players while on the disabled list.
The Rangers shelled out $26.71 million to 21 players who had a total of 26 stays on the disabled list. That was the eighth-highest figure among major-league clubs, according to spotrac.com.
The Los Angeles Dodgers, with a star-studded roster, led at $56.42 million. Oakland, full of young players low on the salary scale, had the lowest payout at $5.55 million.
TORONTO — The energy sector helped lift Canada's main stock index in late-morning trading, while the loonie flew higher after the latest rate announcement by the Bank of Canada.
The Canadian central bank kept its key interest rate on hold at 1.25 per cent, but its comments increased market expectations that it would raise the rate in July. The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.66 cents US, up from an average value of 76.92 cents US on Tuesday.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 51.68 points to 15,974.29, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 187.29 points to 24,548.74. The S&P 500 index was up 24.66 points to 2,714.52 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 60.18 points to 7,456.77.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The majority of us would be willing to dip into our own earnings to keep the NHS.
This winter has seen serious pressure placed on hospitals up and down the UK, with many declaring black alerts as they struggled to cope.
Following the headlines, a new survey into the national health service was conducted by the Mirror - funding three quarters of us would be willing to step in to help.
Some 73% of those quizzed in the Mirror poll by ­Survation would give up £1 a week to keep the NHS free and our of the control of private health firms.
That would bring in £2.75billion a year.
More than half said they would part with £2 a week.
A third would pay £5, raising £13.75billion.
And 63% said they will happily pay an extra 1% tax to secure the survival of the NHS.
The paper says it would raise an extra £5.5billion and cost those on the average wage of £27,600 just £3.50 a week.
Dr Tony O'Sullivan, a retired ­paediatrician and co-chair of Keep Our NHS Public, said: “The essence of the NHS is that it is publicly funded in a ­democratic way through taxation so everyone benefits from it at their time of need, and pay for it when able to.
“The public's ­willingness to support the NHS has never wavered, as this poll shows, and it is evident that the Government's refusal to fund it ­properly while privatising it is an ideological decision.”
The Royal College of ­Nursing's Donna Kinnair added: “The NHS is buckling under the strain of chronic underfunding.
“There is just not enough money in the system and it's clear ministers are ­significantly out of touch.
“The public would rather give the NHS £1 extra each week then let the current situation go on for much longer.”
The poll also found 57% of people were prepared generally to pay more tax to better fund the NHS.
The findings showed 80% of people believed cosmetic surgery should be paid for by those who can afford it, 60% said operations to tackle obesity should not be free, and most felt ­cataracts and hip surgery are among procedures which should not be means-tested.
Data Select chose the occasion of its 26th event to announce improvements to its Platinum Club
Data Select has made amendments to its Platinum Club criteria to reduce the number of partners it has on its books.
The distributor could also be altering the criteria from a volume-based model for member acceptance to one that takes into consideration licences for additional services rather than reward partners for just handset sales.
Mobile News also understands the reduction in platinum partner members will lead to better and more bespoke deals for those in the club as opposed to a “one size fits all” approach.
Speaking to Mobile News at the 26th club event, Data Select CEO Fergal Donovan said: “When it comes to membership within the club we are focusing on fewer partners and doing more business through those partners in the platinum club than with a lot more.
“We basically looked at the qualifications for being part of the club and started them all over again. I do believe now that we will have a lot more business.”
Partners
The reduction in partner numbers comes as the distributor announced it has also reduced the frequency of club events from two to one per year.
At the 26th event, held at Heythrop Park in Oxfordshire on June 14, Data Select welcomed 88 partners and 26 different brands including Honor, Nuu and HTC. Attendees were also told that Data Select and Bastion Insurance are working together under the Devicecover brand to bring a policy for drones.
Speaking to Mobile News, Data Select head of mobile solutions Marios Ktisti revealed the distributor would also be offering policies for handsets, laptops and other electrical's and the service that Bastion could provide was also an attraction.
He said: “I would say it is one of the reasons. What the management there is very willing to do is being forward thinking and it is the company we can go to with ideas in regards to what we need.
“If you bring up the subject of drone insurance with an insurance company, there's obviously a nervousness because of the nature of the product.
“But as these products develop and because there is more control of these devices, there are more restrictions being put on them and there's certainly more certification associated with their use.
“That's when the possibility of drone insurance is there and we have an ongoing dialogue with Bastion Insurance to actually look at a drone insurance proposition which we hope is coming soon.”
Donovan also added that the drone cover was something that the distributor partners were asking for and came from a “call to action”.
“A lot of our products, services and solutions that we develop come about by customers asking for them.
“There were numerous occasions where a customer had been asked whether it was possible to insure a drone. As a business, when you hear that enough times that's a call to action.”
Intumescent coatings are the fire protection coatings which find applications mainly in the building & construction industry and oil & gas sectors. The Intumescent coating materials get expanded when exposed to higher temperatures and form carbonaceous char. These coating materials extend the life of the structural steels for certain period of time (For example, 60 minutes, 90 minutes and 120 minutes).
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2969
The report estimates and forecasts the intumescent coatings market on the global, regional, and country levels. The study provides forecast between 2016 and 2024 based on volume (Tons) and revenue (US$ Mn) with 2015 as the base year. The report comprises an exhaustive value chain analysis for each of the product segments. It provides a comprehensive view of the market. Value chain analysis also offers detailed information about value addition at each stage. The study includes drivers and restraints for the intumescent coatings market along with their impact on demand during the forecast period.
The study also provides key market indicators affecting the growth of the market. The report analyzes opportunities in the intumescent coatings market on the global and regional level. Drivers, restraints, and opportunities mentioned in the report are justified through quantitative and qualitative data. These have been verified through primary and secondary resources. Furthermore, the report analyzes global average price trend analysis of intumescent coatings.
Global Intumescent Coatings Market: Segmentation
The study provides a comprehensive view of the intumescent coatings market by dividing it into resin type, fire type, technology type, application type and geography. The intumescent coatings market has been estimated in terms of volume (Tons) and revenue (US$ Mn) between 2016 and 2024. The resin systems used in the intumescent coatings market is classified into acrylic, epoxy, polyurethane and others. Based on the fire type, the intumescent coating industry is categorized as cellulosic and hydrocarbon based intumescent coatings. In terms of technology, the intumescent coatings market is classified as water based, solvent based and powder based technologies.
The application segments of the intumescent coatings market include various sectors such as building & construction, oil & gas, transportation, consumer electronics and others which include military and textiles. Rising number of fire accidents, government regulations on the emission of volatile organic compounds and growing building & construction industry are the key factors which drive the intumescent coatings market.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2969
Regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand for intumescent coatings in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa (MEA). Additionally, the report comprises country-level analysis in terms of volume and revenue for product as well as application segments. Key countries such as the U.S., Germany, France, the U.K., Spain, Italy, India, China, South Africa, Mexico, and Brazil have been included in the study. Market segmentation includes demand for individual end-users in all the regions and countries.
Global Intumescent Coatings Market: Competitive Analysis
The report includes Porter's Five Forces Model to determine the degree of competition in the intumescent coatings market. It comprises a qualitative write-up on market attractiveness analysis, wherein application and countries have been analyzed based on attractiveness for each region AND price trend analysis for intumescent coatings between 2016 and 2024. Growth rate, market size, raw material availability, profit margin, impact strength, technology, competition, and other factors (such as environmental and legal) have been evaluated in order to derive the general attractiveness of the market. It further covers detailed competitive outlook that includes market share and profiles of key players operating in the global market.
Secondary research sources that were typically referred to include, but were not limited to company websites, financial reports, annual reports, investor presentations, broker reports, and SEC filings. Other sources such as internal and external proprietary databases, statistical databases and market reports, news articles, national government documents, and webcasts specific to companies operating in the market have also been referred for the report. In-depth interviews and discussions with a wide range of key opinion leaders and industry participants were conducted to compile this research report. Primary research represents the bulk of research efforts, supplemented by extensive secondary research. Key players' product literature, annual reports, press releases, and relevant documents were reviewed for competitive analysis and market understanding. This helped in validating and strengthening secondary research findings. Primary research further helped in developing the analysis team's expertise and market understanding.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/intumescent-coatings-market
Key players profiled in the report include Akzo Nobel N.V, PPG Industries Inc., Sherwin Williams Company and RPM International Inc. Company profiles include attributes such as company overview, number of employees, brand overview, key competitors, business overview, business strategies, recent/key developments, acquisitions, and financial overview (wherever applicable).
The global intumescent coatings market has been segmented as follows:
By Resin Type
Acrylic
Epoxy
Polyurethane
Others
By Fire Type
Cellulosic
Hydrocarbon
By Technology Type
Water based
Solvent Based
Powder Based
By Application Type
Building & Construction
Oil & gas
Transportation
Consumer electronics
Others
By Region
North America S. Canada
Europe Germany France K. Italy Spain Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific China India Japan ASEAN Rest of Asia Pacific
Middle East & Africa GCC Egypt South Africa Rest of the Middle East & Africa
Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
Letter sent on behalf of the owner of Hotel Santa Barbara demands that the city stop collecting the fees and refund ratepayers
A Manhattan Beach firm has accused the City of Santa Barbara of illegal taxation in a letter that most likely will lead to a lawsuit.
The city's franchise agreement with Southern California Edison was approved in 2004 by the City Council and increased the utility's compensation to the city by 1 percent, which it would fund by implementing a 1 percent rate surcharge onto customer bills, according to documents.
The letter was sent on behalf of Rolland Jacks and Rove Enterprises Inc., which owns Hotel Santa Barbara. The surcharge is a utility user tax that requires approval by voters under Proposition 218, the attorneys argue. They demand that the city stop collecting the fees and distribute refunds to ratepayers, which they estimate to be less than $10,000 for their clients but millions of dollars for all taxpayers.
Former 35th District Assemblyman Pedro Nava is listed as counsel on the letter in addition to the named partners.
The Huskinson, Brown & Heidenreich law firm has a lot of experience in taxpayer class-action suits and previously sued the City of Ventura over a fee charged for 9-1-1 communications.
The Ventura City Council approved a seemingly identical arrangement with Southern California Edison in 2009, in which the 1 percent increase in the city's compensation was passed on to ratepayers, according to the Ventura County Star.
Attorney Paul Heidenreich said the city has 30 days to respond, and if the issue isn't resolved, his firm will file a lawsuit. His firm hasn't filed a claim against Ventura or many other cities with similar surcharges.
“Actually, I wish I had time to get to all of them at the same time,” he said.
He said his firm didn't get involved until now — six years after implementation of the surcharge — because it doesn't pursue such claims without a client and was just recently contacted by one.
Santa Barbara city attorney Stephen Wiley didn't respond to Noozhawk's requests for comment. The city received the letter last week and has not yet responded.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
F1 can speed up now that the controversial 'Halo' safety feature is attached to the cars.
That is the view of Alex Wurz, the president of the Grand Prix Drivers' Association.
Like many, the Austrian admits that Halo is not appealing "visually".
But he backs the move to make it mandatory.
"It's not possible with today's society and legal situation for a body like the FIA to ignore safety developments just because some don't like it aesthetically," he told Der Standard newspaper.
"Society has changed and a global industry must do everything humanly possible to prevent people from getting hurt or killed."
And the former F1 driver thinks it is possible unhappy fans will quickly forget about Halo anyway.
"If the sport is really exciting on the track, with several winners and a close field, 99.9pc of the spectators won't care if there's a Halo or not," said Wurz.
He said that with Halo on the cars, F1 and the FIA can also push the throttle on making the cars even more spectacular.
"If we make sure the cars are safe, in the future we can fly through Monaco at 400 or 450kph, and not need a red flag when it rains," said Wurz.
A British army officer has been convicted over the killing of a soldier from Co Cork who was fatally shot during a training exercise, the Ministry of Defence said.
Captain Jonathan Price (32), was found guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence following a seven-week court martial at Bulford, Wiltshire.
Ranger Michael Maguire, from Bantry, was one of several soldiers who came under machine gun fire during an exercise at the Castlemartin Training Area in Pembrokeshire in May 2012 for members of the 1st Battalion, Royal Irish Regiment.
He died after being struck in the forehead by a stray bullet from a machine gun.
Two other officers, Lieutenant Colonel Richard Bell (45), and Warrant Officer Stuart Pankhurst (40), were convicted of negligently performing a duty.
The defendants were accused of having “a total disregard for the safety” of their men when they organised a live ammunition training exercise ahead of deployment to Kenya, the court martial heard.
They are expected to be sentenced on July 24th.
Pedestrians and early morning commuters were evacuated from New York's Port Authority Bus Terminal after a suspect detonated an IED in an underground passageway. The terminal is the world's busiest, according to its agency. (Published 21 minutes ago)
Pedestrians and early morning commuters were evacuated from New York's Port Authority Bus Terminal after a suspect detonated an IED in an underground... See More
This story is about Published 2h
How Jerry Jones expects NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell to be received at draft in Cowboys' AT&T Stadium Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer (from left) NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, Cowboys Vice President Charlotte Jones Anderson, and Cowboys Executive Vice President and CEO Stephen Jones visit with Los Angeles Rams owner Stan Kroenke before their first preseason game at the Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, California, Saturday, August 13, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By Kate Hairopoulos , Staff Writer Contact Kate Hairopoulos on Twitter: @khairopoulos
FRISCO - Part of the fun of the NFL draft, wherever it's held, is the reception Commissioner Roger Goodell gets by fans. The boos are ravenous at the start and ... pretty much continue throughout all 32 picks Goodell announces during Thursday night's first round. But what will Goodell's reception be this Thursday at Arlington's AT&T Stadium? It's been a particularly rocky year for Goodell's reputation in Dallas. He is the one who ultimately suspended Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott for six games for alleged domestic violence. Cowboys owner Jerry Jones eventually paid $2 million in legal feels for publicly supporting Elliott's legal fight against the discipline and also for threatening to sue the league's compensation committee over extending Goodell's contract.
Why did Jerry Jones ask reporters: 'What in the [expletive] are you all getting to?'
So there's all that. Plus, the 20,000-seat theater in AT&T Stadium is the largest by far for an NFL draft. But Jones has previously said he and Goodell will move forward in their relationship. And he's hopeful Goodell won't receive a harsh reception Thursday - as unlikely as that is.
"I think our crowd is a ... football crowd,"' Jones said Tuesday from the annual pre-draft news conference at The Star. "There's a football view and there's a Cowboy view, so that I'm not so sure you'll see a lot of ... personal preferences or personal opinions about the Commissioner. "I would hope -- because I appreciate having this draft here in Dallas, this is a neat deal, I think it's very fitting that we got it -- and so I hope we give him a very positive reception." Seriously, Jerry? "I don't know of anybody maybe other than me that's had more boos than Roger has," Jones said. "I know about how that works. I do hope we can be positive in our reception. We are going to do something pretty special and he did have a final say in that."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With snow still on the ground and temperatures set to plummet many schools across the Midlands have taken the decision to close on Tuesday December 12.
If your child's school is not on the below list, then it is because a decision has not yet been made - most likely it will be decided on the morning.
These are all the schools closed according to Worcestershire County Council website:
Abberley Parochial Primary Schoo
Alvechurch CE Middle School
Arrow Vale RSA Academy
Astley CE Primary School
Aston Fields Middle School
Astwood Bank First School
Batchley First School
Baxter College
Bayton CE Primary School
Bayton CE Primary School
Beaconside Primary & Nursery School
Belbroughton CE Primary School
Beoley First School
Bewdley Primary School
Birchensale Middle School
Bishop Perowne CE College
Blackminster Middle School
Blessed Edward Oldcorne Catholic College
Blakedown CE Primary School
Burlish Park Primary School
Broadwas CE Primary School
Catshill First School & Nursery
Castlemorton CE Primary School
Hagley Primary School
Catshill Middle School
Chaddesley Corbett Endowed Primary School
Chadsgrove School & Specialist Sports College
Charford First School
Hagley Catholic High School
Chawson Community First School
Dodford First School
ContinU Plus Academy
Cropthorne-with-Charlton CE First School
Grove Primary School
Crabbs Cross Academy
Cherry Orchard First School, Pershore
Dodford First School
Grimley & Holt CE Primary School
Cutnall Green CE First School
Flyford Flavell First School
Cherry Orchard First School, Pershor
Cherry Orchard First School, Pershore
Franche Community Primary School
Holywell Primary & Nursery School
Cherry Orchard Primary School
Worcester Inkberrow First School
Great Witley CE Primary School
Holy Redeemer Catholic Primary School
Holyoakes Field First School
Christopher Whitehead Language College
Fort Royal Community Primary School
Ipsley CE RSA Academy
Hindlip CE First School
Church Lench CE First School
Great Malvern Primary School
Hartlebury CE Primary School
Offenham CE First School
Claines CE Primary School
Clifton-upon-Teme Primary School
Offmore Primary School
Flyford Flavell First School
King Charles I School & Sixth Form Centre
Pershore High School
Comberton Primary School
Leigh & Bransford Primary School
Red Hill CE Primary School
Pitcheroak School
Pebworth First School
Ombersley Endowed First School
Parkside Middle School
Haybridge High School & Sixth Form
Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic First School
Oldbury Park Primary School
Heronswood Primary School
Dyson Perrins CE Academy
Church Lench CE First School
St Anne's CE Primary School
Lindridge St Lawrence's CE Primary School
Meadow Green Primary School
Malvern Parish CE Primary School
Norton Juxta Kempsey CE First School
St Augustine's Catholic High School & Sixth Form
Oak Hill First School
Nunnery Wood Primary School
Northleigh CE Primary School
North Bromsgrove High School
St Bede's Catholic Middle School
St Bartholomew's CE Primary School
South Bromsgrove High School
Malvern Parish CE Primary School
Newbridge School
St Georges CE First School, Redditch
St George's CE Primary School, Worcester
St Kenelm's CE Primary School
St Joseph's Catholic Primary School, Droitwich
St John's CE Middle School
St Luke's CE First School
St Joseph's Catholic Primary School, Malvern
St James' CE Primary School, West Malvern
St Joseph's Catholic Primary School, Worcester
St John's CE Primary School
Somers Park School
Sidemoor First School & Nursery
Moon's Moat First School
Martley CE Primary School
St Matthias CE Primary Academy
St Peter's Droitwich CE Academy
The Stourport High School & VI Form College
St Thomas More Catholic First School
The Vaynor First School
The Lyppard Grange Primary School
St Wulstan's Catholic Primary School
Trinity High School & Sixth Form Centre
Walkwood CE Middle School
Vale of Evesham School
Upton-upon-Severn CE Primary School
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Tudor Grange Academy Redditch
Tudor Grange Academy Redditch
Upper Arley CE Primary School
Tibberton CE First School
The Kingfisher School
Tardebigge CE First School
The Chase
Stanley Road Primary School
The Bewdley School & Sixth Form Centre
The Chantry School
The Forge Secondary PRU
Wolverley CE Secondary SchoolWolverley Sebright Primary School
Wychbold First & Nursery School
Sytchampton Endowed Primary School
Woodfield Academy
Wyre Forest School
Wyche CE Primary School
Woodrush High School
Woodrow First School
The Beacon Primary PRU
Tenbury High Ormiston Academy
Tenacres First School
Suckley School
Malvern Wells CE Primary School
Wilden All Saints' CE Primary School
Witton Middle School
Whittington CE Primary School
Westacre Middle School
Welland Primary School
Webheath First School Academy
Stourport Primary School
St Peter's Droitwich CE Academy
St Thomas More Catholic First School
Roman Way First School
Rigby Hall School
Riversides School
St Peter's Catholic First School, Bromsgrove
Fairfield First School, Bromsgrove
Matchborough First School Academy
Far Forest Lea Memorial CE Primary School
Hanley Swan St Gabriel's with St Mary's CE Primary
Lickey Hills Primary School
Hallow CE Primary School
Hanley Swan St Gabriel's with St Mary's CE Primary
Hanley Castle High School
Feckenham CE First School
Evesham Nursery School
Regency High School
Red Hill CE Primary School
Lickey End First School
Met Office Regional Forecast for West Midlands
Very cold tonight with icy stretches.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
This Evening and Tonight:
Dry overnight with largely clear skies, although a little freezing fog patches may form. With light winds, there will be another widespread and severe frost with a risk of ice for many. Minimum temperature -12 °C.
Tuesday:
Any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Sunshine will turn hazier through the afternoon but it should remain dry until evening. Staying very cold. Maximum temperature 2 °C.
Football on 5: Championship and Goal Rush
Monday 17 April 2017
Watch Online – Football on 5: Championship and Goal Rush
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
The Wileyfox Pro is available now for £199.99
Wileyfox has launched the Wileyfox Pro, a device that is powered by Windows 10 and the only handset on the market operating on Windows.
The Wileyfox Pro is aimed heavily at B2B markets and will provide customers with monthly security and OS updates up until December 2019. The Wileyfox Pro will also receive the upcoming RS3 update once it is released.
STK and Wileyfox global commercial director Henri Salameh said: “There has been some noise in the market around the future of OS, and we are excited to share that our customers will exclusively be provided with not only the latest RS3 update but ongoing security and patch updates as well.”
Highlighting the strong partnership Wileyfox and Microsoft has, Salameh added: “Our close partnership with Microsoft has allowed us to offer support for our customers through to December 2019.”
Powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor, the Wileyfox Pro comes with 2GB RAM and 16GB storage. The device features a HD screen and an 8MP camera.
In Cortana, the Wileyfox Pro utilises a digital assistant that helps with directions, reminders and any other tasks.
Along with this the device comes built-in with Office apps and OneDrive cloud storage that allows for convenient access away from a computer.
The dedicated business device is available to buy now and is available for £199.99 from the Wileyfox website.
An injured demonstrator receives first aid after being injured by a shotgun blast during clashes with the police, as he was protesting against Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega, in Managua, Nicaragua, Monday, May 28, 2018. Violence returned to Nicaragua when riot police confronted protesters and students seized a university. Esteban Felix AP Photo
Algeria has continued to cut imports but stepped up trade with China, angering the North African countryâ€™s main trade partner, the European Union.
â€œAlgeria is encouraging trade with China,â€‌ said EU Commissioner for Trade Cecilia Malmstrom at a recent parliamentary hearing. â€œWe must find solutions to this issue. Otherwise, we will resort to the clauses of the settlement of disputes.â€‌
â€œWe are exchanging letters with the Algerian authorities over the issue and we are involved in ongoing discussions with them,â€‌ she added.
Spanish Trade Minister Maria Luisa Poncela had raised the issue of imports with Algerian officials during Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoyâ€™s visit to Algiers in early April.
â€œSpain does not see its trade deficit with Algeria as a problem,â€‌ Poncela said. â€œIt sees the problem when Algeriaâ€™s import cuts have an impact on our exports to Algeria.â€‌
Algerian Prime Minister Ahmed Ouyahia said he understood the Spanish and EU concerns and that the trade positions were temporary.
â€œWe understand that the import cuts affect our European partnersâ€™ exports and we count on their understanding,â€‌ Ouyahia said.
Algeria, which introduced import restrictions in 2016 to preserve foreign currency reserves and protect domestic industries, this year expanded its list of banned imports to include 851 products. Among the products were meat, cheese, vegetables, cell phones and household appliances.
In 2016, the value of imports to Algeria fell $3 billion compared to the previous year to $46.7 billion. Imports are expected to shrink to $30 billion this year, official figures and government estimates predicted.
China has emerged as Algeriaâ€™s main import market, sending $8.3 billion worth of goods to the North African country in 2017. That outranked Algeriaâ€™s trade with traditional partners in Europe. France saw its sales to Algeria drop 10% to $4.3 billion in 2017, while Italian and Spanish exports to Algeria fell 19.2% and 12.3%, respectively. South Korean exports jumped 53% to $1.7 billion.
Algeriaâ€™s trade figures for January showed China as the countryâ€™s leading exporter, followed by France, Italy and Spain.
Since the overthrow of dictator Muammar Qaddafi in neighbouring Libya, Algeria has stepped up trade, military and intelligence cooperation with China and Russia.
Algeria has been party to a trade agreement with the European Union since 2005 but Algerian officials are unhappy with what they say are â€œunbalanced terms.â€‌ They say the accord has opened the Algerian market to EU imports but hurt local farming and manufacturing sectors.
Mustapha Mekideche, Algerian deputy chairman of the government-appointed Social and Economic National Council, slammed the European Unionâ€™s â€œcontradictoryâ€‌ response to the countryâ€™s import cuts.
â€œI do not understand this kind of exaggerated European reaction,â€‌ Mekideche said, adding that the trade agreement only works if it helps improve the Algerian economy.
â€œSince 2014, Algeria has been promoting a new model of economic development that aims at expanding the role of the private sector and developing further human resources and this demands that our partners accept a role in the co-development that also benefits their enterprises,â€‌ he said.
â€œOur duty is to encourage the industrial development as part of diversified economy and lay the ground for a revised trade association accord with the European Union.â€‌
â€œWe are in a process of industrial development that the European Union must encourage and help instead of attempting to derail it,â€‌ said Mekideche, whose councilâ€™s views reflect the governmentâ€™s positions on economic issues.
In a rare joint statement by the General Union of Algerian Workers (UGTA), Algeriaâ€™s main trade union, and the leading employersâ€™ group Forum of Entrepreneurs (FCE), the two organisations assailed critics of Algeriaâ€™s import cuts.
â€œThe UGTA and FCE express their worries following the repeated statements by senior EU officials about the measures taken by Algeria in the face of its important current account and budget deficits that threaten its economic and financial sovereignty,â€‌ the statement said.
â€œIt is obvious that the measures of import cuts do not call into question the willingness of Algeria to consolidate economic cooperation with its strategic partners including the European Union.â€‌
Algerian experts said that, while protective measures like import cuts would ease short-term financial pains, they would run against the countryâ€™s goals of diversifying the economy in the long run.
â€œThere is no meaningful creation of economic and social wealth or significant economic development if competition and free market rules are stifled and suppressed,â€‌ said Algerian economist Ahmed Lateb. â€œMeasures such as import cuts cause adverse effects like spreading corruption, distorting market rules and free competition.
â€œWe can always protect some economic sectors and businesses by raising customs duties. For such measures to be successful, they must be accompanied by a plan to develop and foster the competitiveness of such industries and closely watch the price trends to prevent the creation of monopolies and price abuses.â€‌
Lamine Ghanmi is a veteran Reuters journalist. He has covered North Africa for decades and is based in Tunis.
This article was originally published in The Arab Weekly.
Photo: Dan MacMedan / USA Today
With Kelly Clarkson as his guest on Late Night with Seth Meyers, the host stood behind a bar and made specialty cocktails for a segment called “Day Drinking.”
Related: Kelly Clarkson Takes ‘The Voice' By Storm: Watch
The SNL alum pounded a beer to kick things off, then he served the singer “The Simon Cowell,” which contained hot sauce, vodka and bitters — reflecting her relationship with the American Idol judge.
Meyers also fixed the “Grammy” which included brandy and Werther's original candy. He joked that it was to honor his 2016 Grammy nomination for Best Spoken Word album (for Yes Please), not the multiple GRAMMY awards Clarkson has racked up.
Then, the two traded places and Clarkson started serving Meyers drinks. “The Blake Shelton” included bourbon, whiskey, Southern Comfort and B-A-N-A-N-A-S, in honor of Gwen Stefani.
Later, the pair went shot for shot, and it was clear that the alcohol was taking effect. Meyers gave Clarkson the cognitive test that President Donald Trump took and the two celebrities took shots between answers.
Meyers also confessed his love for “Since You've Been Gone” and proceeded to serenade Kelly with the hit tune.
Watch the hijinks below. But if you're going to drink make sure you don't drive or operate heavy machinery:
Since the concept of high intensity work outs - short but, well, intense, burst of exercise - became popular in recent years, people have looked to them as their answer to health and fitness.
And they can be great; you're forced to push your body to new limits while not having to endure the pain of it for all that long. But according to Dr Panteleimon Ekkekakis, a professor of kinesiology who specialises in how the body responds to exercise, HIIT workouts don't actually work for a lot of people when it comes to a sustainable exercise plan.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Speaking to the Mail Online, Dr Ekkekakis explained that the very nature of HIIT workouts are that they're not fun. "If you can take an hour of exercise and squeeze it into one minute, there's a price to pay. The price is 100 percent intensity. It's undeniable that the experience will be unpleasant," he said.
Tumblr
And this unpleasant experience is what the professor believes makes it unsustainable for most people; they won't want to continue if they don't like doing it. Enjoying exercise, he claims, is the key factor that motivates people to stick with it long term. If you don't have that, your chances of carrying on with it isn't all that great.
The expert also points out that HIIT has become so popular with busy people who have little extra time in their lives to devote to working out. This, in itself, adds to how unsustainable it is. "The message of 'squeezing it in' perpetuates the idea that exercise is a chore," said Dr Ekkekakis.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"We want to break down the association of exercise as punishment, as something unpleasant, something to tolerate or a bitter pill you have to swallow." And he's got a point. How much more likely are you to stick a fun, group exercise, or something that's enjoyable, than something that feels torturous for the (albeit short) amount of time you spend doing it? A lot.
Maybe that really is the key to getting fit.
Follow Cat on Instagram.
Kotomiti Okuma/Shutterstock
Diet soda once ruled the weight loss kingdom… but unfortunately, that time has swiftly passed. At this point, these sweet beverages should come with a warning label. Not only are they one of the worst drinks for diabetics, but diet sodas can also take a serious toll on your brain—and the health hazards don't stop there.
A new study published in Current Biology may convince you to finally drop the pop. According to the researchers, there could be a “sweet spot” (haha) when it comes to those artificial sweeteners in diet soda.
For the experiment, Yale neuroscientist Dana Small designed five beverages, all of which were sweetened using the identical amount of sucralose, an artificial sweetener. Although each tasted about as sweet as a drink containing about 75 calories of sugar, Small varied the calories using a tasteless carbohydrate called maltodextrin. Each drink contained zero, 37.5, 75, 112.5, 150 calories.
Participants consumed each drink six times over a period of several weeks, twice in the lab and four times at home. Small then evaluated their brain scans to determine how each drink affected the brain's reward mechanisms.
Logically, higher calorie counts should yield higher rewards in the brain. But contrary to expectations, the participants' brains signaled the highest rewards for the 75-calorie drink—higher than the 0-calorie drink and the 150-calorie drink. What's more, their metabolic responses to the high-calorie drink were lower than for the medium-calorie drink. What gives?
As it turns out, sweetness—not calories—determines the body's response to food. When sweetness and calories are matched, as with the 75-calorie drink, the body's reward mechanism and metabolic rate act normally. But the body becomes confused when it tries to digest something that has higher or lower calorie count relative to its sweetness.
“It's like the system threw up its hands and didn't know what to do,” Small told Vox.
With your metabolism thrown for a loop, it's likely that the extra calories are stored in muscle, fat, or the liver—all of which is pretty bad news. (And if you want to lose weight, avoid this one food at all costs.)
Equally worrisome is that more and more companies are creating foods that contain blends of sweeteners and carbohydrates, Vox reports. That goes for diet sodas as well as sports drinks like Powerade, which, as Small notes in her paper, contains both sugars and artificial sweeteners.
Yep, you'll definitely want to toss out those soda cans ASAP. Your body will thank you.
Naas gardai are investigating the theft of electrical items from a car parked in a Naas supermarket car park.
A Samsung tablet and a Nintendo Game Boy console, which have a combined value of €500 were stolen on June 30 between 4.30-5pm. The items were in a car parked at the Lidl store in Newhall.
THE naira, yesterday, appreciated to N362.5 per dollar in the Investors & Exporters (I&E) window due to improved dollar supply.
Data from Financial Market Dealers Quote (FMDQ) showed that the indicative exchange rate for the window, known as Nigeria Autonomous Foreign Exchange (NAFEX), dropped to N362.5 per dollar, yesterday, from N366.5 per dollar, last week, translating to N4 appreciation for the naira. The naira has appreciated for two consecutive weeks, gaining N2.28 kobo against the dollar, buoyed by improved dollar supply into the market.
According to FMDQ, $117.36 million was traded in the window yesterday, while, $611.6 million was traded last week.
The naira, however, depreciated by N1 at the parallel market, yesterday, as the exchange rate for the market rose to N368 per dollar at the close of business.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
For the McCann fruit ‘n' veg dynasty, it's a case of back to the future.
Having sold Fyffes – which traces its roots back to 1902 when Charles McCann established a greengrocer on Clanbrassil Street in Dundalk – to Japan's Sumitomo Corporation last year for €751 million, the founder's descendents are getting back into the banana business.
Total Produce, the fresh produce group spun out of Fyffes in 2006 as a separately-listed company, announced on Thursday it is set to take a 45 per cent of Dole Foods, the world's largest fresh fruit group – which generates 43 per cent of its sales from bananas.
The McCanns own 11.3 per cent of Total Produce, which has an option to acquire all of Dole two years after the initial deal goes through. The announcement came less than four weeks after Dole owner David Murdock's talks to sell his company to Belgian food distributor Greenyard broke down and the nonagenarian pulled a back-up plan to float the company for a third time.
Still, the McCanns and Murdock have been orbiting each other for decades. Dole weighed buying Fyffes in 1993 and enjoyed looking on from the sidelines as Fyffes made an abortive bid in 2014 to take over rival Chiquita. (That plan was scuppered by the North Carolina group's own shareholders, who backed a rival takeover bid from two Brazilian companies instead.)
Total Produce chairman Carl McCann estimates that the Dole deal will add to his group's earnings within the first full year, with annual synergies and cost savings set to rise to $35 million (€28 million) over the medium term, from an initial $15 million to $20 million.
Goodbody Stockbrokers analysts Patrick Higgins and Jason Molins are fans of the combination, creating the world's largest fresh produce group with almost €8 billion of annual sales, noting that the deal values Dole at nine times operating earnings, compared to the 12.5 multiple the McCanns achieved for Fyffes last year.
The family is recycling some of the €87.5 million made from the sale of its 11.8 per cent stake in Fyffes last year into the Dole transaction, subscribing for €27 million of the €145 million of stock issued on Thursday to part fund the deal.
According to our calculations, their Total Produce stake is set to increase from 11.3 per cent to 12.6 per cent as a result.
It makes one wonder how much longer Carl's brother David will remain executive chairman of Fyffes, as Total Produce becomes a closer peer – and rival.
IFSC vehicles needn't fear the taxman
Operators in the darkest part of Ireland's $2.2 trillion (€1.76 billion) shadow banking hub – the ultra-tax efficient and unregulated world of special purpose vehicles (SPVs) used to hold assets from distressed debt to greenhouse gas credits – needn't worry too much about a visit from the taxman.
Figures released by the Department of Finance to Labour Party TD Joan Burton this week show the Revenue Commissioners completed five audits of such vehicles, known as section 110 companies, over the past two years.
That's a 0.12 per cent chance of an audit, based on the latest Central Bank figures showing that there are almost 2,000 such companies in existence.
The number of instances of when tax officials sought additional information from SPVs through “aspect queries” fell by 40 per cent last year to 203 – even as the Government clamped down in 2016 on so-called vulture funds' use of tax-efficient Section 110 companies to hold Irish property loans snapped up following the crisis.
Established under 1997 tax laws designed to make Dublin's International Financial Services Centre (IFSC) an attractive place for “tax neutral” international debt securitisation deals, an example of how pervasive Irish SPVs are in the web of international finance could be seen last month in the collapse of Australia's largest sandalwood forest company.
Quintis, whose sandalwood oils are used in perfumes, cosmetics and medicines, called in administrators on January 19th after a Dublin-based special purpose vehicle connected to US hedge fund Davidson Kempner exercised an option requiring Quintis to buy almost 1,000 acres of plantations or Australian $37 million (€24 million).
It was the final straw for the already-struggling Quintis.
IFG set for break-up sale
Dublin-listed financial services firm IFG, best known here for its former mortgage brokerage business, has been surrounded by perennial speculation in recent years over whether it will be split up, sold on or taken private by its main shareholder and chairman, businessman John Gallagher.
The group gave a partial answer on Friday revealing that “greater value may be created by a sale of Saunderson House” – the company's most valuable business, an investment adviser focused on professionals in the City of London.
Assets under advice in the unit rose 11 per cent last year to £5.1 billion (€4.1 billion). Such businesses can command the equivalent of up to 3 per cent of assets under advices – pointing to a value of as much as £150 million, or 85 per cent of its current stock market value.
Meanwhile, news that IFG's other unit James Hay, a provider of self-invested pension plans (SIPPs) faces penalties of up to £20 million – as a result of an investigation by HM Revenue and Customers a biofuel investment product previously offered to clients – sent IFG shares tumbling as much as 16.5 per cent.
A successful Saundeson House deal might prompt Gallagher, or someone else, to take over and sort out the remaining business.
Six-Year-Old Back to Back Kart Champion Carter Nilson
Meet Carter Nilson. He is 6 years-old and is in 1st grade at Christian Life School (Rockford, IL). He loves playing basketball, baseball, and being silly.
Carter is also a 2 time-champion go-kart driver. He raced the #4 kart in the Kid Kart division at Leetzow Raceway Park in Fort Atkinson, WI during the 2015 and 2016 racing season. The kid kart division is for kids 6-8 years old. While Carter was only 5 years old he proved that he could compete and win in this division. Carter won 19 features in a row during the 2015 racing season on his way to be crowned the 2015 Leetzow Raceway Park Kid Kart Track Champion! He was again the top of his class in the 2016 season and became the youngest back to back kid kart champion. Because of his proven success, Carter also raced in the Junior 1 division (typically for 9-12 year old drivers) during the 2016 season. On September 4, 2016 Carter was the youngest Junior 1 winner, having a clean sweep of the days events posting the fastest qualifying time, heat winner, and feature winner.
Carter's success has gained local as well as national attention. A story regarding Carter was recently published in Go-Racing Magazine as well as local television news stations.
You could say that racing is in Carters blood. His late grandfather (Dave Ebrecht) owned and raced cars at Rockford Speedway (IL) during 1970-1990's. Carter's mom, Megan, raced at Rockford Speedway in the 1990's and Carter's dad, Kris, also has wins under his belt at Rockford Speedway.
Carter is looking forward to a successful junior 1 season. For more information regarding Carter Nilson Racing contact his mom, Megan, at 815-378-8009.
CAMILLUS, N.Y. (AP) — The 30-year-old upstate New York man who was evicted from his parents' home says he's OK being the punchline of jokes as he prepares to move by the legal deadline.
Michael Rotondo was ordered to move out of his parents' home in Camillus on Friday. The Post-Standard of Syracuse reports Rotondo called 911 on Tuesday, saying a person had called his phone from a restricted number to call him a “loser.”
Rotondo says he spent the weekend getting ready to move by going to Lowe's to buy boxes for packing. He says he was offered free packing supplies by a good Samaritan, but turned her down — saying it didn't feel right.
Rotondo says he'll move everything into a self-storage unit, and then look for a place.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
.
is putting his money where his mouth is by donating $1 million to help the people of Flint
According to E Online, while on his sold-out 24K Magic World Tour, the popular singer surprised the audience at the Palace in Auburn Hills, Michigan, when he announced that he would be donating a cool $1 million from that particular show to help the city's residents that are still suffering from the water crisis.
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said to the crowd.
“Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again,” he added.
Mars and Live Nation, the promoter of the singer's 24K Magic World Tour, announced that the funds were redirected to the Community Foundation of Greater Flint, Rolling Stone noted.
“With a grateful heart, the Community Foundation of Greater Flint is honored to accept this inspiring donation,” CFGF president and CEO Isaiah M. Oliver added in a statement.
“We know Bruno Mars' $1 million gift will be transformative to the children and families of Flint. He understands the issues faced by Flint citizens, and we are touched by his concern and generosity.”
Mars is one of many celebrities such as Snoop Dog, Big Sean and Beyonce who have donated or raised funds for Flint since the crisis hit in 2014.
RELATED NEWS:
Steve Harvey Says His Dirty Water Joke Was Only For The Caller, Not The People Of Flint
BREAKING: Michigan Health Director Charged With Involuntary Manslaughter In Flint Water Crisis
Black-Owned Construction Firm Will Replace 18,000-Plus Contaminated Water Pipes In Flint
Canada's digital and mobile ad spending are predicted to rise higher than ever this year, according to eMarketer Inc., by 16 and 40 per cent respectively.
Those numbers are contributing to across-the-board growth in Canadian media ad spending, which the market research firm expects to rise by 5.8 per cent to $10.74 billion this year.
“While Canada's digital market is much smaller than that of the U.S., its growth rate and share of total paid media ad expenditures are comparable,” the company said in an April 12 statement announcing the results. “Advertisers will allocate 44.5 per cent of total media spending to digital, slightly more than 40.1 per cent in the U.S.”
While you might expect spending on traditional ad platforms such as print and television to be declining – and for print that is indeed the case, by a predicted seven per cent this year, though eMarketer expects print media to account for at least 11 per cent of total ad spending until at least 2020 – the latter is actually growing slightly, from approximately $2.46 billion in 2016 to an estimated $2.48 billion in 2017.
“Last June, AOL and Canadian broadcasting company Rogers Media announced that they were creating a private marketplace for programmatic TV,” eMarketer noted. “This development of targeted advertising will help push TV ad outlays to… 23.1 per cent of total ad spending in 2017.”
Mobile's growth rate of 40 per cent, meanwhile, means that Canadian marketers are finally catching up to the U.S., who spend some 70.3 per cent of their digital advertising budgets on mobile.
By contrast, Canada's expected mobile investment of $2.82 billion represents 59.1 per cent of digital ad spending, though eMarketer expects mobile to represent 77.6 per cent of Canada's digital ad spending by 2021. (By then, it expects mobile's share in the U.S. to be around 79.2 per cent.
To conduct the study, eMarketer's researchers analyzed a series of quantitative and qualitative datasets from research firms, government agencies, media firms and public companies, along with interviews with top executives at publishers, ad buyers and agencies, weighing data based on methodology and soundness.
Check out the company's predictions between 2017 and 2020 below (click for a larger version).
Nucleic acid testing is a new age testing practice that helps in detection, diagnosis and screening of pathogens even when there is no relative clinical sign for a health condition. Due to the assistance provided by nucleic acid testing to healthcare centres and common public, the market is expected to have positive prospects in coming years. A new research report by Future Market Insights on the global nucleic acid testing market reveals has been titled, ‘Nucleic Acid Testing Market – Global Industry Analysis 2012 – 2016 and Opportunity Assessment 2017 – 2027,' and assesses the growth prospects of the nucleic acid testing market for the next nine years. The global revenue of nucleic acid testing market are foreseen to reach beyond US$ 4,900 Mn by the end of 2027. Over 2017-2027, the market is expected to expand at a robust CAGR of 7.5%.
Nucleic Acid Testing Market: Overview
Nucleic acid testing is helpful in the detection of the nucleic acids such as viral DNAs or RNAs in specimen samples of the patients. The technique is helpful in providing special assistance to doctors as well as patients. The healthcare industry needs advanced technique to cope with the increasing severity of health related issues that the population is more prone to. Increasing chronic disease incidences due to changing lifestyle have resulted in escalating demand for diagnostic procedures worldwide. Nucleic acid testing kits and consumables are the key products in the in-vitro diagnostic industry, as they have been proven to deliver promising results during critical diagnosis in various applications.
Request to Sample Report – https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1106
Emerging countries in the Asia Pacific region, such as China and India, are the hotspots for investments because of higher growth rate of diagnosis, treatment and research activities. Future Market Insights expects developing regional markets to experience higher demand for nucleic acid testing over the assessment period. According to the report, North America is expected to hold a market value of over US$ 1,600 Mn by the end of 2027 but APAC is expected to create more incremental opportunities and will reportedly witness a CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period.
Nucleic Acid Testing Market: Trends
Looking at the recent demands for nucleic acid testing, key manufacturers are now focusing on introducing new custom product offerings for specific needs. Due to the research community's ever evolving needs, the demand for specialised tools and reagents have grown to the point where most vendors who are currently offering these products cannot depend solely on sales of catalog products. Customised products are likely to trend in near future, creating attractive growth opportunities for emerging businesses.
Request Report TOC @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1106
The rise in demand has also encouraged many companies to look for expansion of their businesses. Various companies are emphasizing on expansion activities by setting-up their plants and regional offices in developing regions, including APAC and MEA. The competitive scenario of the market is consolidated, and a majority player prefer to involve in sales and service agreements, collaborations, R&D, new product launches, joint ventures, partnerships, patent transfers, and mergers and acquisitions.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Pita Kaiunu is escorted by a police officer to the Magistrates Court during a special court sitting in Suva yesterday. Picture: JONACANI LALAKOBAU
TWO men who pleaded guilty to drink-driving offences were told to pay $300 fine or face 30 days jail term if they failed to pay the fine.
Norman Daunoco, 29, and Pita Kaiunu, 29, were found by police officers to be driving under the influence of alcohol on two separate incidents last Friday and on Sunday respectively.
In mitigation, Daunoco said his wife had recently passed away and he was supporting his two younger daughters.
The court was told that Daunoco, who was employed as a hospital orderly, had just started work last week and was remorseful for his actions. Daunoco was found by traffic officers driving along Foster Rd on Sunday.
Both accused persons are first offenders and were seeking the court's forgiveness.
Kaiunu in his mitigation said he was a farmer, earning about $100 weekly and was also supporting his wife and two children.
He was stopped in Lami by police officers.
Kaiunu requested the court to give him three weeks to pay his fine, the court granted him a month to come up with the $300 payment.
Daunoco told the court he could pay his fine today.
Both drivers have been suspended from driving for three months.
What used to be an unassuming alleyway in LoDo has undergone a transformation to become the city's first pedestrian alley dotted with bars, restaurants and retail space known as Dairy Block.
And six additional vendors have joined the project.
Run for the Roses, an underground cocktail lounge serving rare spirits; Foraged, a restaurant specializing in local and seasonal ingredients with an in-house knife forging element; and a handful of retailers specializing in men's and women's clothing, jewelry and travel goods will all be a part of the development.
The new businesses will join forerunners of the project, the 172-room Maven Hotel, Kachina Cantina and Poka Lola Social Club. CTRL Collective recently opened as a communal work space for creatives.
Huckleberry Roasters and The Perfect Petal joined the Dairy Block in February, and local celeb chef Frank Bonnano will open Milk Market in June. The food hall will include a collection of 15 different concepts and an alley-facing pizza counter. Also forthcoming is Seven Grand, a whiskey bar by the popular concept at the Denver Flea.
1800 Wazee St. dairyblock.com.
Low pressure rotating over the pacific northwest will continue to keep wet and unsettled weather across the region today. Skies will be mostly cloudy with scattered showers and thunderstorms. Some of these storms may produce areas of small hail and gusty winds at times. A pacific cold front will move across the area tonight, keeping the cooler and unsettled weather into Tuesday, with Wednesday looking dry.
Today A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms after 2pm. Partly sunny, with a high near 80. Light and variable wind becoming west northwest 6 to 11 mph in the morning. Tonight A slight chance of showers and thunderstorms. Some of the storms could produce small hail and gusty winds. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 53. West wind 5 to 11 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday Isolated showers, with thunderstorms also possible after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 73. Breezy, with a west wind 9 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday Night
Partly cloudy, with a low around 46. West wind 5 to 10 mph becoming light southwest after midnight.
Wednesday
Sunny, with a high near 78. Light southwest wind becoming west 5 to 9 mph in the morning.
Wednesday Night
Partly cloudy, with a low around 50. West southwest wind 6 to 10 mph.
Thursday
Mostly sunny, with a high near 81. West wind 3 to 6 mph.
Thursday Night
Partly cloudy, with a low around 50.
Friday
Sunny, with a high near 82.
Friday Night
Mostly clear, with a low around 52.
Saturday
Sunny, with a high near 83.
Saturday Night
Partly cloudy, with a low around 52.
Sunday
Mostly sunny, with a high near 84.
MAHLE Service Solutions has introduced Topology Diagnostics, a tool to help OE manufacturing plants and service departments generate fault specific topology diagrams using vehicle harness data in order to provide topology diagrams on the go. This new tool, unveiled at the 2017 NADA Convention & Expo in New Orleans, renders the topology view of the circuit diagrams in 2-D to isolate possible connector or circuit faults to help expedite the diagnostic process and virtually eliminate the need for static wiring diagrams.
MAHLE Service Solutions has partnered with Tweddle Group, a world leader in technical information solutions, to bring Topology Diagnostics to its customers. Topology Diagnostics combines Tweddle's technology with MAHLE Service Solutions' diagnostics products and knowledge to enable the tool to work for OEMs in their factories and dealerships. Topology Diagnostics will begin to roll out at OEMs in the first half of 2017.
According to Andreas Huber, general manager, MAHLE Service Solutions, today's wiring diagrams are generic and show all possible vehicle options and circuits. “This becomes burdensome for a technician who is trying to follow a specific circuit,” said Huber. “Our topology diagrams are vehicle- and fault-specific, helping reduce the complexity of a generic wiring diagram.”
Technicians benefit from a quick diagnosis of the problem, and an on-demand topology diagram in a simplified view with pin numbers, individual wires and colors. A prioritized list of connectors to check is based on circuit logic with a “probable cause” of failure integrated into connector priority.
Huber said the tool also benefits OEMs with cost savings by significantly reducing the need to develop service level wiring diagrams and reduced errors. “Since our topology tool can generate wiring diagrams on the fly, based on vehicle and fault, it significantly reduces an OEM's need to produce static service level wiring diagrams.”
The work to bring Topology Diagnostics to market was undertaken through the leadership of MAHLE Test Systems, which was integrated into the MAHLE Service Solutions division of MAHLE Aftermarket Inc. as of Jan. 1 to help take electronic vehicle testing, diagnostics and repair to the next level. “This integration makes MAHLE Service Solutions a full-service solutions provider for the entire lifecycle of a vehicle,” said Huber.
With no special hardware or connections needed to access the vehicle, Topology Diagnostics can quickly detect module level “no communication” errors and analysis, and diagnostic trouble code (DTC) failure and analysis. The DTC failure and analysis is a significant advantage of the application because it helps cover a wide variety of failure use cases to simplify the diagnostic process without having to tear apart multiple systems to find the wiring problem.
“The tool offers easy mapping of vehicle electronics to provide significant opportunity for deep analytics and learning to understand the vehicle network and types of faults,” said Huber. “With our upcoming projects we will be able to quantify the analytics in terms of time-savings, material cost savings and quality improvements at the factory level. We are confident the savings will be very significant and function as a preventive tool to avoid further problems down the road.”
The company's say that combined expertise of Tweddle Group, MAHLE Test Systems' 30-plus years of electronic vehicle testing and diagnostic tools experience and MAHLE Service Solutions' 25-year history in serving the aftermarket, will lead to a comprehensive solution in automotive electronic testing for use throughout the diagnostic and repair life cycle of a vehicle from manufacturing to the aftermarket.
For more information about MAHLE Service Solutions, visit servicesolutions.mahle.com.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Beverage Centrifugal Pump Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Xylem, SPX FLOW, Alfa Laval, Graco, Fristam Pumps, Pentair, Sulzer, Tapflo, Yangguang Pump, Mono, CNP, Fluid-o-Tech, Moyno, Enoveneta, Nuert, Viking Pumps.
The report begins with introducing the global Beverage Centrifugal Pump market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Beverage Centrifugal Pump report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-beverage-centrifugal-pump-market/5887/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Beverage Centrifugal Pump Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single-stage Pump, Multi-stage Pump.
Beverage Centrifugal Pump Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Alcoholic Beverage, Non-Alcoholic Beverage, Dairy Products.
Key points in the Beverage Centrifugal Pump Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-beverage-centrifugal-pump-market/5887/#inquiry
From all of this Beverage Centrifugal Pump market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Beverage Centrifugal Pump market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Beverage Centrifugal Pump distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian athletes are overwhelmingly in favor of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Games despite a ban on the national team, the country's Olympic committee said Monday.
Sofia Velikaya said the Russian Olympic Committee's athletes' commission, which she chairs, has heard from “all the athletes in all sports” on the Olympic program, with a majority in favor of competing.
Velikaya said no athletes have told the ROC they would rather boycott.
“At the current moment, everyone's training and everyone's hoping to take part in the Olympics,” Velikaya said.
The International Olympic Committee last week barred the Russian team from Pyeongchang because of doping offenses at the 2014 Sochi Games, but is allowing Russians to compete under a neutral flag as “Olympic Athletes from Russia.”
Last week, Russian President Vladimir Putin said the government won't stand in their way.
ROC spokesman Konstantin Vybornov said teams from biathlon and snowboard had recorded videos affirming their desire to compete, while the men's hockey team has written “a collective letter.”
Some Russian hardliners believe it is shameful for athletes to compete at the Olympics without their national flag. But Velikaya defended the athletes, saying everyone watching will know who is from Russia.
“The choice of competing at the Olympics is strictly individual,” Velikaya said. “I call on Russian society to treat athletes' decisions with understanding and respect.”
With the IOC due to send out invitations to individual Russians over the next two months, Velikaya said Russian sports officials would put together lists of their preferred teams. Those rosters, she said, would stop the IOC from inviting “numbers five and six” in the Russian team while leaving out genuine medal contenders.
Russia is pushing back against some IOC conditions, however, backing appeals by Russian athletes banned for doping at the 2014 Sochi Olympics.
Velikaya also said her commission will ask the IOC to remove a condition stopping athletes from being invited to Pyeongchang if they have been suspended for doping in the past. That affects a few athletes with earlier offenses unconnected to the Sochi Olympics, including biathletes banned for using the blood-booster EPO and speedskating world champion Denis Yuskov, who was suspended in 2008 after testing positive for marijuana.
Forcing the Russians to compete as neutral athletes puts the IOC in the uncomfortable position of regulating how they celebrate.
The Russian flag won't be flown at medal ceremonies, but what happens if a Russian winner accepts a flag or a gift from a spectator for a victory lap? Can Russian athletes fly the flag from their windows in the athletes village? Those are on a list of questions Vybornov said Russia will ask of the IOC.
“A figure skater wins, let's say, and they throw her a teddy bear in Russian uniform onto the ice,” Vybornov said. “She picks it up. Can she do that? Or is that an offense?”
The first thing that comes to mind with the Yankees dealing for Giancarlo Stanton is: Nationals fans can relax. Bryce Harper isn't going to be in Yankee pinstripes next year or for the foreseeable future. Dealing for Stanton means the Yankees have likely priced themselves out of next year's free agency market.
Stanton spurned opportunities to go to his native West Coast when he rejected a deal to the Giants. Those who've reported on Stanton's thinking have said he wants to go to a provable contender, but with the Giants not looking much like one anymore that took care of that.
Stanton also turned down a deal with the Cardinals, who look like ... a 50/50 proposition at best for 2018 at this writing. Again, new Marlins owner Derek Jeter had the framework of a deal in place, but Stanton exercised his no-trade rights and vetoed that one, too. Somebody didn't do his homework, and it probably wasn't Stanton.
The Yankees, who got to within a game of the World Series this year, look more like a contender now. You don't need me to tell you that every tongue in New York is wagging over the idea of Stanton in the middle of that Baby Bombers' lineup, maybe even offering more lineup protection for Aaron Judge. Comparisons to Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris, if not Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, should not be a big shock.
The Yankee return package is said to be led by all-star second baseman Starlin Castro. The Marlins earlier this month swapped Dee Gordon to the Mariners, where the intention is to move him to center field.
Gordon brought Miami a haul of prospects that doesn't look impressive enough to remove entirely the thought of that deal being a salary dump. Pitcher Nick Niedert is thought to be the most impressive of the haul, and he projects at best as a solid number three or four starters. We're not exactly talking an all-star for an all-star just yet.
"Prospects will also be sent Miami's way," says Sports Illustrated's Jon Taylor, "but it's unlikely that New York will give up any of its top minor leaguers, since it's taking on Stanton's contract. Adding Stanton — who projects to hit maybe even better with Yankee Stadium as his home park than he did in 2017, which was overwhelming enough to earn him a Most Valuable Player award — puts the Yankees on the hook for a $130 million 2018 payroll. That's almost the least of their problems, as Taylor observes:
"That doesn't leave much room for the Yankees to fill out the rest of the roster — including a starting pitcher, a third baseman, and whatever else Cashman can heist from the rest of the league — while staying under the luxury tax threshold, set to be $197 million for 2018. As repeat offenders, it would be a financial windfall if the Yankees could avoid that tax next year, as they're currently paying 50% of every dollar they spend past the limit but would reset that figure if they don't surpass it."
It gets better. Stanton's contract, for which it transpires the Yankees are on the hook for $265 million of what's left, just about takes the Bombers out of the 2018 free agency market. Which is going to include such delicious names as Harper, Manny Machado, Clayton Kershaw (if he exercises his opt-out clause), Charlie Blackmon, and — what do you know — one-time Yankee Andrew Miller. Not to mention Zach Britton, Cody Allen, and Marwin Gonzalez.
Nats fans may drool over the unlikelihood of Harper not going to New York, as has long enough been feared looking ahead to his first free agency. Even if the Yankees manage to come in under the luxury tax, Stanton and Judge in the outfield means they're not even going to think about Harper. But they may not fall in love with the thought that, with the Yankees possibly out of that picture, the Dodgers or the Cubs, to name two, might be salivating over the thought of Harper wearing their silks.
Jeter didn't ask for Stanton's no-trade clause; it was another legacy from former owner Jeffrey Loria, but it probably wasn't a smart idea to build trade frameworks before knowing whether Stanton would approve of them. And it's one thing to want to cut payroll, but it's something else again to seem clueless about the team you're going to have left when you do.
Don't fire up the conspiracy theory spit just yet, either. This isn't Arnold Johnson, on the hook to then Yankee co-owner Del Webb deep enough, thus willingly letting the Yankees use his Kansas City Athletics as a finishing school in the 1950s. This is an earnest but clumsy Derek Jeter who's in so far over his head as a major league owner that even Johnson could have pried Stanton loose with the minimal extra effort.
"[A] team in one of America's largest media markets shouldn't have to sell off its best assets for pennies on the dollar or punt on fielding even a nominally competitive squad," Taylor writes, referencing Stanton and Gordon alike. "This is a terribly sad day for baseball in Miami, and a shameful moment for MLB, which never should have allowed Jeter and Bruce Sherman to buy the team."
Because, say what you will about the not so dearly departed Loria, at least he let the Fish swim among the sharks and even win a World Series, once in awhile. And suddenly the idea of former players — even those bound for the Hall of Fame — becoming owners is no more attractive than it was when then-Braves owner Ted Turner thought he could manage the team.
Taylor notes correctly that nobody put a gun to Jeter's head to force him to unload Stanton despite Stanton using his no-trade clause to turn the Marlins' leverage into mashed potatoes. It may not be very long before that turns to plain mush.
Yankee general manager Brian Cashman isn't without his own flaws, of course, and remember that he may just have yanked the Yankees out of next year's free agency superstore. But this is one time Cashman should get all the credit on earth for spotting a prize pigeon, biding his time appropriately, then dropping the bread crumbs that counted in front of him.
How do you think Jeter looks with that little oil slick around his neck?
Global PID Temperature Controllers Market 2017, presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the PID Temperature Controllers market globally, providing basic overview of PID Temperature Controllers market including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure, PID Temperature Controllers Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. PID Temperature Controllers market size, share and end users are analyzed as well as segment markets by types, applications and companies.
Global market research report of PID Temperature Controllers 2017 mainly focuses on Production, means the output of PID Temperature Controllers and Revenue, means the sales value of PID Temperature Controllers in market. PID Temperature Controllers market research report studies PID Temperature Controllers in Global market, PID Temperature Controllers market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. Global PID Temperature Controllers market report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with their Business perspective which consist of PID Temperature Controllers capacity, production, price, revenue and PID Temperature Controllers market share for each manufacturer.
Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/28403/request-sample
PID Temperature Controllers Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers.
ABB
Fuji
Omron
Schneider Electric
Siemens
West Instruments
Panasonic
CAL
Red Lion
Eurotherm
Carel
Tempatron
Delta Group
Ajinkya Electronic
Global PID Temperature Controllers Market segments by Regions, PID Temperature Controllers market report splits Global into several key Regions, with PID Temperature Controllers production, PID Temperature Controllers consumption, PID Temperature Controllers revenue, PID Temperature Controllers market share and growth rate of PID Temperature Controllers in these regions, from 2011 to 2021. PID Temperature Controllers Market report split by Product type and Application, with PID Temperature Controllers production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, according to Application PID Temperature Controllers Market report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of PID Temperature Controllers in each application.
PID Temperature Controllers Market Research Report Split by Type
Type I
Type II
Access Full Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-pid-temperature-controllers-market-research-report-2017-28403.html
PID Temperature Controllers Market Research Report Split by Application
Application 1
Application 2
Table of Contents
Global PID Temperature Controllers Market Research Report 2017
1 PID Temperature Controllers Market Overview
2 Global PID Temperature Controllers Market Competition by Manufacturers
3 Global PID Temperature Controllers Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2017-2022)
4 Global PID Temperature Controllers Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2017-2022)
5 Global PID Temperature Controllers Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type
6 Global PID Temperature Controllers Market Analysis by Application
7 Global PID Temperature Controllers Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
8 PID Temperature Controllers Manufacturing Cost Analysis
9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
11 Market Effect Factors Analysis
12 Global PID Temperature Controllers Market Forecast (2017-2022)
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone: (201) 465-4211
Email: sales@fiormarkets.com
Web: www.fiormarkets.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Becketwell is hardly synonymous with London's Soho district or Deansgate in Manchester – but go through the doors of a few places and the experience can be Narnia-esque.
A number of restaurants are now dotted around the unloved precinct and some offer an experience that can seem a world away from Derby.
Turtle Bay, which opened in 2015, offers food fans a taste of the Caribbean. Opposite is Bar Soba - a street food bar inspired by the night markets of South East Asia.
Thai Boran, in Green Lane, has just undergone a £30,000 revamp to make visitors feel they are in Bangkok.
And the Post House, opposite the former Debenhams building in Victoria Street, has a strong London vibe.
The latter was launched last May by Jade Devall and her partner Antony Dietz. Neither are from Derby – but their aim was to replicate a concept that has worked well in other places.
“We've travelled a lot,” says Jade. “We've seen a lot of places in cities like London and Copenhagen and we wanted to bring that edgy feel to food and drink to Derby.”
It's worked. The venue, which comprises eight independent food and drink units, has received rave reviews on TripAdvisor, with some customers comparing it to something you'd find in a major city.
“People say it's like being in London or Manchester,” says Antony. “It's a space that's unique in Derby.”
Jade and Antony ploughed over £125,000 into creating what has been described as a “gusto-hub” in the Victoria Street building, previously home to the Post Office - after it had moved a few doors down from what is now, by coincidence, the aforementioned Bar Soba.
“There was nothing here when we took over the building,” recalls Jade. “It was a complete shell. There were no electrics or plumbing. We carried out a 10-week refurbishment programme, which was quite ambitious. No-one thought we'd be able to complete the refurbishment in 10 weeks but somehow we did.”
Antony adds: “It's a grade-two-listed building but, because it was a shell, it was quite easy to transform. We've gone for a rustic, industrial look and the feedback from customers has been really good.”
All the units are on the ground floor and are sub-let by independent traders. An upstairs function room, which seats up to 30 people, is also available for bookings.
Despite the model being untested in Derby, Jade says it was fairly easy to find food and drink businesses to move in.
“We had a big presentation day at the Cathedral Quarter Hotel about the concept of our business.," she says. "We also did a lot on social media and traders contacted us through that. And we targeted some businesses. It was a mix of all three.”
With Becketwell earmarked for a major regeneration scheme, the focus of which Derby City Council proposes should be a permanent ice rink on the site of the former Duckworth Square shopping centre, Jade believes the Post House will continue to attract interest from food and drink businesses.
“The footfall here is only going to get better,” she says. “If the ice-rink happens, that will attract families and that's really good for us. We have some really good choices for children in here, as well as parents.
“There's been talk of the Debenhams building being knocked down and a walkway through to the ice-rink being created. That would be good for us, too, as it would really open the area up.
(Image: Shannyn Quinn)
“I don't think we'll ever struggle to find businesses to occupy the eight units. Some are here on a short-term basis and then we get someone else in.”
A case in point is The Palfrey, which opened a unit in The Post House after its restaurant in Blacksmith's Yard was hit by a devastating fire.
“The Palfrey replaced Fresh Roots,” says Jade. “The best place to go for an up-to-date list of businesses here is our website.”
Both Jade and Antony have stepped outside their respective comfort zones to launch The Post House.
Jade, who is initially from Stafford, owns Design@44 gift shop in Sadler Gate and Antony, from Birmingham, is a personal trainer who used to work at David Lloyd in Pride Park.
Jade says: “We both wanted to give the leisure industry a go. It's been a lot of hard work but we're really enjoying it.
“I can see us being here for many years to come.”
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Butyl Reclaim Rubber Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Butyl Reclaim Rubber market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Fishfa Rubbers Ltd, High Tech Reclaim Pvt. Ltd, SNR Reclamations, GRP, Sun Exim, Rolex Reclaim Pvt. Ltd., Rolex Reclaim Pvt. Ltd., U.S. Rubber, Yeu Guan Industrial Co., Ltd., Star Polymers Inc.. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Butyl Reclaim Rubber Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-butyl-reclaim-rubber-market/10349/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Butyl Reclaim Rubber market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Butyl Reclaim Rubber market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Butyl Reclaim Rubber Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Butyl Reclaim Rubber. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Butyl Reclaim Rubber in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Natural Butyl Reclaim Rubber, Synthetic Butyl Reclaim Rubber.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Adhesives, Waterproofing Sheets, Tires.
Key Highlights Of The Butyl Reclaim Rubber Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-butyl-reclaim-rubber-market/10349/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Butyl Reclaim Rubber new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Butyl Reclaim Rubber market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Butyl Reclaim Rubber industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Aligning Ball Bearing Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report SKF, ZKL, Koyo, NSK, NACHI, NTN, TIMKEN, FAG, INA, IDC.
The report begins with introducing the global Aligning Ball Bearing market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Aligning Ball Bearing report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-aligning-ball-bearing-market/5915/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Aligning Ball Bearing Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: One-Way, Two-Way.
Aligning Ball Bearing Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Crane Hook, Oil Drilling Machine Ring, Rolling Machine Roll Neck.
Key points in the Aligning Ball Bearing Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-aligning-ball-bearing-market/5915/#inquiry
From all of this Aligning Ball Bearing market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Aligning Ball Bearing market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Aligning Ball Bearing distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
Methyl soyate is a biobased solvent made from soybean oil. It is an excellent replacement for petrochemical solvents. Methyl soyate is a golden-clear fluid with mild butter-like odor. It is also known as methyl esters of soybean oil, palm methyl ester, SME, and soybean oil methyl ester. It offers numerous advantages over traditional solvents. Methyl soyate is manufactured by the transesterification of soy oil esters. It is a mixture of long chain fatty acid methyl esters. Methyl soyate is used in the cytosol process, which is a procedure used in the removal and recovery of spilled crude oil, generally from coastal and inland spill sites. Methyl soyate is commonly used as biodiesel, specifically in North America. It is a non-ozone-depleting chemical, which is readily biodegradable. It leads to low level of VOCs. Methyl soyate can be used to formulate various types of products. It provides effective solvency with Kauri-butanol (KB) value of 58. This high Kauri-butanol value can potentially swell synthetic and natural rubber when used in excess of 5% in formulae. Methyl soyate is also compatible with other organic solvents. Methyl soyate is primarily used as biodiesel. As an alternative fuel, biodiesel can substitute for petroleum diesel without engine modifications. Methyl soyate can be used in place of more expensive and less environmentally-friendly organic solvents such as glycol ethers and Tridecanol (TDA).
The global methyl soyate market can be segmented based on application and region. In terms of application, the methyl soyate market can be divided on the basis of industrial solvent and others. In industrial solvents, it finds application in parts cleaners, carrier solvents, and resin removers. Other applications include car care products, paint strippers, and hand cleaners. Methyl soyate is also used as carrier solvent, despite being an ingredient in cleaners and strippers to replace chlorinated or petroleum products.
Rise in awareness about various benefits of methyl soyate as bio solvent and increase in environmental concerns are expected to propel the market during the forecast period. Methyl soyate is proving to be an ideal alternative for chemical-laden cleaners and solvents. Development and commercialization of biobased products is rapidly expanding owing to the increase in number of government regulations and demands for safe, healthy, and environmentally-friendly alternatives for terpene or petrochemical based solvents and cleaner/degreasers containing butyls.
Based on region, the methyl soyate market can be segregated into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is the dominant region of the methyl soyate market due to the rise in number of restrictions on various chemicals for emission of VOCs. The market in Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness exponential growth during the forecast period owing to the rise in demand for methyl soyate in paints & coatings and cosmetic & personal care industries. Methyl soyate possesses low toxicity and emits low volatile organic VOCs vis-à-vis conventional chemical solvents. This, methyl soyate is extensively used in paints and coatings and cleaning products. The methyl soyate market in India and China is estimated to expand significantly, due to rapid industrialization and high disposable income of people in these countries. The methyl soyate market in Latin America is projected to expand at a fast pace in the near future, owing to the growth in cosmetics and personal care industries
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43133
Prominent players operating in the methyl soyate market include BASF SE, Stepan Company, Cargill, Graham Chemical Corporation, Vertec BioSolvents, Kerley Ink, and Unicon Fibro Chemicals Pvt. Ltd.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Canada, British Colombia; 11, December 2017: Securing the future especially the retirement years by saving money on a regular basis is a habit that is losing its touch. It is a habit that is dying a slow death, especially amongst the current generation. The reason behind this whole situation is the skyrocketing cost of living. The rising price of daily essentials, utilities, and everyday commute led to the plummeting interest of the public in saving up for later than they can't make ends meet now.
Tapping into this situation, several financial institutions have come up with platforms to make people understand the importance of saving. They also make the opportunities of investing in multi-billion dollar firms attractive to scoop out maximum funds from the public and deliver them back with attractive paid instant returns. Using Bitcoin as the primary source of conducting investment operations has its own set of pros and cons that further popularizes the idea of investing using cryptocurrencies.
24BitDeposit is a Canadian firm that associates itself with the management of funds invested by their clients in the stock market. They carry out their transaction using cryptocurrencies, preferably Bitcoins. They have put together a safe and secure infrastructure that allows their investors to safely carry out all their monetary transaction without worrying about getting hacked by hackers or eavesdroppers. The company put together a team of highly skilled and experienced brokers who keep a close watch on the fluctuations in the stock market and work on the core algorithms of the power company and update the same in real time.
Having such intricate knowledge of the market allows the company to keep both their interests and clients safe from the sharp fluctuations of the market. The trading software of the company uses a simplified yet functional interface that is optimized for the comfort of the user. It is equipped with all the necessary security measures that ensure a safe and secure environment for the clients. They have enabled their trading software and official website with SSL security layer that not only keeps hackers out of the picture but also ensures no one is eavesdropping on what is being done within the infrastructure.
The business policy of the company was founded on the simple idea that money if kept on the shelf, depreciates with each passing day. 24BitDeposit ensures that the money works for its owner and not against them. The structure of the firm is made simply to provide anyone with a little bit of cash can multiply the same via cloud mining. 24BitDeposit is financial and legal firm that acts as a buffer and a platform for safely carrying out investments using cryptocurrencies.
About 24BitDeposit:
24BitDeposit is a Canadian investment firm that is associated with the management and execution of Bitcoin investments by their clients in the stock market. They have a team of councilors and business consultants that ensure the clients are choosing the right company to invest in. For further details, feel free to visit their official website.
For Media Contact:
Company: 24BitDeposit
Email: admin@24bitdeposit.com
Website: http://www.24bitdeposit.com
MicroStrategy has announced the general availability of MicroStrategy 10.10. This release adds the MicroStrategy Workstation, which will give users the ability to build and maintain enterprise content, create users and groups, assign security roles, and schedule and publish data mashups for business teams.
“We are incredibly excited to release MicroStrategy 10.10, which empowers business teams to confidently author, promote and certify analytics content, operationalize dossiers, and deliver the agility a business needs, along with the governance that IT requires,” said Tim Lang, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, MicroStrategy Incorporated. “The latest capabilities in MicroStrategy 10.10 are part of MicroStrategy's commitment to deliver the next generation of enterprise analytics to our customers so they can discover growth opportunities, solve complex business problems, and drive real results.”
Talend adds new cloud and big data courses
Talend has announced new courses focused around cloud and big data technologies, featuring practical exercises. The courses will provide a live software environment that enables hands-on learning. There will also be options to either be instructed by self-paced materials or by instructors, either online or in person.
“Keeping pace with modern technologies is challenging for companies of all sizes. While innovation fuels powerful business opportunities, it also creates skills gaps in areas such as cloud and big data–where the demand for skilled workers is especially high,” said Carrie Anderson, VP of enablement at Talend. “Data-driven companies need to develop their workforce to keep pace with rapidly evolving market needs and emerging technologies. Thus, training courses that give developers hands-on experience with the latest cloud and big data tools help give companies a competitive advantage.”
Researchers at UC Berkeley develop technology that allows robots to see into their future
Researchers at UC Berkeley have developed a technology that allows robots to predict the future of their actions. The technology, called visual foresight, enables them to determine how to manipulate objects they have not encountered before. Though the technology is still in a simple stage, it can eventually be used by self-driving cars to anticipate future events that could occur on roads, according to the researchers.
“In the same way that we can imagine how our actions will move the objects in our environment, this method can enable a robot to visualize how different behaviors will affect the world around it,” said Sergey Levine, assistant professor in Berkeley's Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences, whose lab developed the technology. “This can enable intelligent planning of highly flexible skills in complex real-world situations.”
Unity releases new beta of Unity machine learning agents
The machine learning team at Unity has announced the release of v0.2 beta of Unity machine learning agents. This release adds new features to the Unity SDK and Python API, four new build environments, and improvements to the default Reinforcement Learning algorithm. Unity has also announced it will be hosting an ML-Agents Community Challenge.
The East Central Iowa Cooperative Board of Directors, in conjunction with CoBank, are pleased to present $6,000 in donations to schools in communities ECI serves: La Porte City, Jesup and Hudson. East Central Iowa Cooperative's donation of $3,000 was generously matched by Co Bank. With the donations shared equally among three districts, Union Schools, which serve La Porte City, Dysart and the surrounding communities, will be able to use $2,000 in support of its robotics programs and/or STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) education.
President Donald Trump is introduced by Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant to speak after touring the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum on December 9, 2017 in Jackson, Mississippi. Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant signed the country's most restrictive abortion measure into law Monday, immediately banning abortions after 15 weeks in almost all cases, including cases of rape and incest. The state's previous abortion law had a 20-week deadline, but the second-term governor has publicly campaigned to make it harder for women to get an abortion in the state. In 2014, Bryant announced his goal was “to end abortion in Mississippi.”
For a sense of how far state lawmakers have restricted access to abortion services, Mississippi has a single abortion clinic, which filed suit within the hour of the Gestational Age Act being signed, seeking a preliminary injunction to keep the law from being enforced. The clinic's lawyers also filed for a temporary restraining order. In 2012, the same clinic, The Jackson Women's Health Organization, filed suit challenging a different abortion bill signed into law by Bryant.
“We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing we could do,” Bryant said at the bill signing. “We'll probably be sued here in about a half hour, and that'll be fine with me. It is worth fighting over.”
I was proud to sign House Bill 1510 this afternoon. I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child, and this bill will help us achieve that goal. pic.twitter.com/O0O4QeILLx — Phil Bryant (@PhilBryantMS) March 19, 2018
“This ban is not only unconstitutional—it endangers women's health care across our state. If legislators truly cared about women's health, they would be focused on ways to improve access to health care for women, not restrict it,” Mississippi state director for Planned Parenthood Southeast Advocates Felicia Brown-Williams said in a statement.
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawai'i Island police are searching for a 46-year-old Hilo man who was reported missing.
Michael Bigger was last heard from on Sunday,(March 18), at about 4:30 p.m. He is described as 5-feet-9-inches, 155 pounds with blue eyes, brown hair and a medium complexion. He may be in the Hilo or Puna area.
Anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to call the Police Department's non-emergency line at (808) 935-3311.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Extra tickets have gone on sale for Drake's two dates in Birmingham.
Both concerts were previously sold out.
The Canadian rapper is bringing The Boy Meets World Tour to the Barclaycard Arena in Birmingham on February 22 and 23, 2017.
To book your seats, go to The Ticket Factory .
Drake is the first artist to pass a billion streams on Apple Music with his latest album Views, holding the record for most No1 hits on Billboard's R&B/Hip-Hop Chart.
In the UK, he's had two No1 singles and 20 Top 40 hits. The massive single One Dance, featuring Wizkid and Kyla, spent 15 consecutive weeks at the top of the Official Singles Chart in 2016.
When tickets went on sale in October there was huge demand.
Some for the O2 were being sold online for as much as £600 after Drake brought along London rappers including Section Boyz and Giggs to join him on stage. He told the crowd: "I owe my whole career to London."
But he then offered a refund to 20,000 fans after special guest rapper Travis Scott fell through a hole in the stage at one of the O2 shows (see clip below). Announcing the refund, Drake told audiences: "I hope you enjoyed your free show."
So whether there are surprise guests or stage mishaps, it looks like there will be plenty of excitement one way or another when the show comes to the Barclaycard Arena.
James and Emily were the most popular names for babies issued with new Irish passports last year, according to the Department of Foreign Affairs.
Minister for Foreign Affairs Charlie Flanagan said that of the 17,752 passports issued to children born in 2016, 116 went to girls named Emily and 158 to boys named James.
“The list of most popular names reflects the continued overall popularity of Irish-language names, such as Aoife and Finn,” he said.
“It is interesting, however, to look back to 1911, just five years before the Easter Rising, when such names hardly registered at all, with John and Mary being the most popular baby names.”
Mr Flanagan said the figures for 2016 also highlighted that Ireland was now “very much a multicultural society”, with Freya and Muhammad the highest new entries for infants issued with new passports.
“It is however, disappointing to see that that the name Charlie has dropped down to number 24 from last year's rank of 11. We will have to see what can be done about that. I take some comfort in the fact that my middle name – James – topped the poll of the boys' names,” Mr Flanagan said.
“No doubt many of these new passport holders will be going on holiday with their proud parents and families in 2017.”
The Minister reminded citizens to check the validity of their passports and those of their families and to consider renewing them now, ahead of the summer rush.
He noted special requirements applied to children's passports. The consent of all guardians is required for the issuing of passports to children under 18 years of age, unless the teenager is married.
The Department says it expects the number of passports issued by the end of 2016 to have reached 740,000 – a new record.
ADVERTISEMENT
Details on how to apply for or renew a passport can be found on the department's website at dfa.ie. It also has information on how to apply for a passport at short notice.
Most recent figures from the Central Statistics Office show Emily was the most popular name for girls in 2015, followed by Emma, Ava, Sophie and Amelia.
For boys, the most popular name was Jack, followed by James, Daniel, Conor and Sean.
Less common names for new babies included Paris, Nelly, Dakota, Pixie, Sabina and Kim for girls, and Barra, Pauric, Zayne, Gus, Romeo and Otis for boys.
Market Highlights:
Digital Signage involves use of multiple inspection and other cameras along with the illuminators, processors and sensors. in this system, the cameras are mounted at different places and provides and 3-D snapshot to the system for the assessment. This type of system is majorly used in the automotive industry where the object is hard to access by the 2D or 1D machine visions systems and requires high level of the accuracy. Robots in the manufacturing process also take help of Digital Signage while performing the tasks to ensure the quality of the object. One of the major application of Digital Signage system is inspection. Digital Signage system which perform crucial part in assuring the quality of the product. Use of Digital Signage for inspection also helps to detect any contaminants, size flaws, design flaws or functional flaws among others in the manufacturing industry. Inspection also helps to inspect the completeness of the product such as packaging of the medicines in pharmaceutical industry or checking of safety seals and caps on bottles in foods and beverages industry.
The Digital Signage standards make the technology appear more mature. Some industry standards for machine vision systems are Camera Link standard for interfacing cameras to frame grabbers, which digitize analog video signals. This standard ensures easy integration of these devices, even ones from different manufacturers. Connectors, cables, data format, and control signals are all standardized. The standardization is increasing continuously and driving the machine vision market.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1102
Major Key Players:
Cisco System Inc. (U.S.),
Hewlett-Packard Company (U.S.),
Samsung Corporation (South Korea),
NEC Display Solutions Ltd (South Korea),
Bright Sign LLC (U.S.),
Panasonic Corporation (Japan),
3M Co.(U.S.),
LG Display Co. Ltd. (South Korea),
Ad flow Networks (Canada) and Omni Vex Corporation (Canada), among others.
The Global Digital Signage Market is expected to grow at USD ~26.3 Billion by 2022, at ~6% of CAGR between 2016 and 2022.
Digital Signage Global Market – Segmentation
Segmentation by Product Type: Kiosks, Billboards, Signboards, Menu Boards, Others
Segmentation by Technology Type: LCD, LED, OLED, Front Projection
Segmentation by Component Type: Hardware, Software, Service
Segmentation by Application: Entertainment, Transportation, Retail, Healthcare, Banking, Education, Government, Others.
Regional Analysis
Digital Signage Market is growing with the positive growth in all the regions. Increasing application areas on yearly basis and advancement in technology and integration with current manufacturing environment is driving the market on global scale. Asia Pacific regions in dominating the market due to rich presence of manufacturing companies in China, India, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea. The region is also one of the prominent leader in semiconductor industry and largest exporter around the world. North America stands as second largest market for Digital Signage due to technological advancement and growing IT and semiconductor industry. The region is also home to some of the key players of Digital Signage system. Europe stands as third biggest market for Digital Signage. From the past 10 years, Germany was one of the major developer of machine vision system and the trend continued till the year 2015. Rich automotive industry in this region is one of the biggest driver which is supporting the market of machine vision. Europe Digital Signage market also sees immense potential due to the growing banking, healthcare and foods and beverage industry.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/digital-signage-market-1102
Intended Audience
Barcelona, Spain — 4 July — Massaje Domicilio Barcelona is one of the best massage parlours in the whole city of Barcelona. With great masseuses and great facilities this is by far the best massage in Barcelona experience one can ever wish for. With clients ranging from powerful politicians to prestigious business owners and rich tourists the parlour has one of the highest standards when it comes to treating clients the right way. Professionalism is innate to this place and its employees are some of the best trained hospitality college graduate sin France and from other countries. Besides amazing massage the parlour offers all kinds of SPA services for women and men alike and those are a great success among the customers.
Of course such a high class place can only be famous for one thing, the amazing masseuse tantra Barcelona which you will find nowhere anymore in France. These women are well trained specialists coming from Asian countries who only know to perform this kind of massage and are amazing at it. With hundreds of hours of practice, they master this massage to perfection and are ready to repeat the soothing movements of hands every single day for hours. According to the customers this massage in an unparalleled experience which is only available here at Massaje Domicilio Barcelona and for which they are willing to pay exorbitant amounts of money every single day.
The customer base of this masseuse Barcelona is truly elite. It is not surprising that the parlour always manages to attract its clients back and get new clients via word of mouth. This place knows how to value important clients and how to show them that they are always welcome here. These people come back here because they know they will not really want to leave even after hours of massage and SPA procedure which they do on a weekly basis. The atmosphere of this place is unique and upscale nothing can compare to it and nothing can repeat it in its entirety.
It is natural to conclude that this place is a must for everyone who wants to experience masseuse naturiste Barcelona at least once the atmosphere is unforgettable and the relaxation is out of this world this is one experience you definitely should try in Barcelona instead of going the beaten path of tourist attractions.
Massaje Domicilio Barcelona is one of the best massage parlours in Barcelona. With some pf the most high class clients and some of the best services in the country, this establishment rose to the prominence it has today by employing some of the best professional masseuses in the country and working on the client services to the point they are almost perfect.
Company Name: Massaje Domicilio Barcelona
Website: http://masajedomiciliobarcelona.com
The Sensex and Nifty were largely flat amid weak Asian
Markets, and gains in energy stocks were offset by losses in
Financial and auto stocks. Domestic sentiment turned weak as
WPI inflation for January jumped to 5.25 percent from 3.39 percent in the previous month.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was up 4.06 points or 0.01 percent at 28,355.68 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was up 0.05 points or 0.00 percent at 8,801.20.
Barring Teck, IT and banking, all other BSE sectoral indices
Where trading in the red. Among them, auto index fell the most
by 0.97 per cent, metal 0.89 percent, PSU 0.61 percent and
Consumer durables 0.47 percent. On the other hand, TECk
index was up 0.36 percent, IT 0.15 percent and banking 0.11
Percent.
Top five Sensex gainers were Bharti Airtel (+3.00%),
GAIL (+2.84%), Reliance (+1.94%), ONGC (+1.8%) and ICICI Bank
(+1.38%), while the major losers were Tata Motors (-3.6%), Sun
Pharma (-2.08%), Hero MotoCorp (-1.93%), HUL (-1.71%) and
Maruti (-1.43%).
Foreign institutional inflows have been subdued after the
Government decided to ban higher denomination notes on
November 8.Foreign investors have net purchased shares
Worth net $326.06 million so far this month and $319.67
A Million this year.
They had net bought stocks worth $2.90
A Billion in 2016, down from a net $3.27 billion invested in 2015.
State-run Hindustan Petroleum Corp's shares fell as much as
3.5 per cent in their biggest intraday percent drop since
December 15, 2016, after December-quarter average gross
Refining margin fell to $5.57 per barrel
MARKET MEASURE
EXCHANGE ADVANCE DECLINE UNCHG. T/O
NSE 479 991 61 19937.75
CHART ANALYSIS
SCRIP R2 R1 PIVOT S1 S2
NIFTY 50 8865 8830 8810 8784 8760
The Cardiology Conference meet is proud to announce that its 3 day 27th European Cardiology Conference (Euro Cardiology 2018) will be held in Rome, Italy during October 22-24, 2018.
The conference will be the world's best platform for all the cardiologists, cardiac surgeons, medical practitioners, research scholars and clinical research organizations to encourage and explore the modern technologies in the eternal field of Cardiology.
The main theme of the conference is “Investigating Cardiological Research and Innovations”.
Euro Cardiology 2018 is designed to provide wide knowledge that will keep medical professionals alongside of the issues affecting the diagnosis, treatment of Cardiac disorders and prevention. In recent years, vascular and cardiac devices have been developed which helped for the treatment of cardiac disorders, replacement and repair therapy. Robotic surgeries for the cardiac and vascular surgery which has been favourable in a wide range. Cardiology is concerned with the characteristic usefulness of the heart and discrepancy from a normal heart. The market for cardiology and peripheral vascular devices is increasing day by day and the main factors underlying the growth of this market are population growth, increased incidence of cardiovascular disease, increasing demand for minimal procedures Invasive and technological advances.
Conference Highlights
Cardiovascular Disease and Nutrition
Heart Diseases
Cardiac Nursing
Cardiac surgery
Interventional Cardiology
Pediatric Cardiology
Cardiovascular Pharmacology
Coronary Heart Diseases
Cardiac Regeneration
Molecular Cardiology
Cardiac remodeling or Ventricular remodeling
Vascular Biology
Myocardial Infarction
Hypertension
Clinical Cardiology
Cardiac Rhythm Abnormalities
Cardiomyopathies
Cardiac Diagnostic Test
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Staff at the logistics operation of Topshop owner Arcadia are planning to stage more strike action in a row over wages.
Spectrum for Arcadia staff in Solihull and a sister site in Leeds will walk out for two days on February 24 and 26.
The company is a division of DHL Logistics Supply Chain and supplies products for Arcadia's online sales whose brands include Topshop, Topman, Miss Selfridge and Burton.
Members of trade union GMB were balloted for strike action after their pay claim for a so-called 'real living wage' - currently set at £8.45 by the Living Wage Foundation - was rejected.
This latest action follows similar walkouts on Cyber Monday in November - one of the busiest days of the year for online sales - and then two days of action in December at the plant in Shirley.
Arcadia's chairman is Sir Philip Green who previously owned high street retailer BHS which went into administration last year.
GMB organiser David Warwick said: "Not content with offloading BHS with a £571 million pension black hole, Sir Philip Green now thinks it's OK to leave his hard-working staff without a wage they can live on.
"Previous strikes at the Solihull site haven't got the message home - now Leeds have joined in.
"How much more disruption is he happy to inflict on his customers before he does the decent thing and pays his dedicated long-standing staff properly?"
A spokesperson for DHL Supply Chain said: "We are disappointed GMB has announced its intention to hold industrial action.
"We believe our offer to be fair in the current economic climate. Detailed contingency plans are in place and we are confident there will be minimal disruption to service.
"We urge GMB to return to the negotiating table to meet with us to resolve this matter at the earliest opportunity."
A woman died after sustaining serious burns in a southwest Valley apartment fire Monday evening.
About 30 Clark County firefighters responded to the fire at 4201 West Rochelle Avenue, near Flamingo Road and Arville Street shortly after 7 p.m. Firefighters extinguished the flames burning near the kitchen area. The woman was found inside the apartment unit suffering from "significant burn injuries," according to CCFD fire chief Greg Cassell.
CCFD paramedics immediately began treating the woman and transported her to a nearby hospital. She later died of her injuries, Cassell said.
The damages to the apartment unit were estimated at less than $4,000. Neighboring residents were not impacted by the fire, Cassell said.
CCFD and Las Vegas Metro police are investigating the cause of the fire.
The Clark County Coroner will release the name of the woman after family notification.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
It's getting to the stage now where we'd be glad to see a bit of ordinary bribery and corruption.
A nice political scandal involving money and galloping amnesia, horses, high-living and the type of people who know that peccadilloes aren't for garnishing your chicken fajita.
Because it's just one dispiriting episode after another in the Dáil these days.
Although it's only a few weeks since the place was convulsed by the cervical cancer screening debacle and the harrowing stories of women caught up in it, so much more has happened in the interim.
First, the story was overtaken by the abortion referendum and upsettingly intrusive discussions about women's private agonies and how much suffering is enough for them and how much is merely unfortunate. By Tuesday, after the overwhelming vote to remove the Eighth Amendment from the Constitution, a big majority of TDs welcomed the result, and they vowed to move on and legislate as quickly as possible. This included those who had opposed repeal.
But with the result beyond doubt and far too conclusive to invite credible challenge, the sense of relief among almost all politicians – particularly those in Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil – has been obvious in the Dáil and around Leinster House.
Certain government representatives who disappeared off the radar during the campaign are noticeably putting themselves about again.
Quite a few who declared for No and then got a terrible shock after a thumping majority voted for Yes are radiating the relieved demeanour of TDs who never wanted to talk about abortion in the first place, don't want to hear the word “abortion” ever again and won't have to take the coward's way out any more by pretending they don't know enough about abortion to offer an opinion.
Things were settling down a little.
Perhaps a row over Project Ireland 2040 or another revelation from inside An Garda Síochána or the latest row between Winston Churchtown and the peasantry would nudge its way on to the Dáil agenda on Wednesday to lift the gloom a little.
Didn't happen.
Instead we got the story of Irish babies and toddlers illegally adopted in the 1950s and 1960s and given birth certificates identifying their adoptive parents as their biological parents. Now, on foot of documents discovered by the child and family agency, Tusla, there is a list of people out there who may not know the truth and will have to be told.
Tip of the iceberg
This is devastating stuff and it may only be, as was repeated by a number of speakers during Leaders' Questions, the tip of the iceberg.
And so we had the Taoiseach acknowledging “another dark chapter” in Irish social history and opining once more that the past is another country and they did things differently there.
“Some will say that the past should be left in the past and that we will do more harm than good by disclosing this information ... We disagree,” he told the Dáil. People have the right to know that information is available and must be told.
“Ultimately, it is their choice and their lives. They have a right to know about their identities and birth stories.”
At this point Leo Varadkar said he was “reminded” of a quote from the American author Alex Haley.
“In all of us there is a hunger, marrow-deep, to know our heritage – to know who we are and where we have come from ...”
The Taoiseach recalled in the Dáil on Tuesday that he quoted Maya Angelou on Saturday.
Enough of the soundbites or prepared scripts, responded Micheál Martin. Would the Taoiseach tell him when the legislation to facilitate children who have been adopted to trace information on their true identities would be passed?
Varadkar, and Minister for Children Katherine Zappone, said everything was being done to get the Bill passed as quickly as possible, but there are some sensitive issues outstanding.
Labour's Jan O'Sullivan summed up the mood in the chamber when she spoke of the referendum bringing about “an unveiling of the wrongs done to women” in Ireland and shining a light on the reality of people's lives.
“There was an attitude that prevailed in this country for so long that others knew better. That attitude has slowly and thankfully been demolished,” said the Limerick TD, citing the new evidence on illegal adoptions as “another failure by the State and those who controlled our society.”
The birth details have been officially described as “misclassified”.
Jan O'Sullivan says this is not appropriate. “It sounds very innocuous. It is not what it is; it is illegal adoption and it is high time we dealt with issues that for too long have been kept in the dark.”
Another bombshell
Richard Boyd-Barrett had a lot to say about “yet another bombshell exposing the toxic relationship between church and State in this country.”
But when he brought the story closer to home and personalised it, the TDs in the chamber looked and listened with a mixture of upset and concern.
“I was particularly struck by this scandal as I was adopted via the St Patrick's Guild in the years affected,” he said. “I don't actually know if I am one of the cases involved – probably not, but I have questions now, as do other members of both my adoptive and birth families.” His colleagues on all sides snapped to attention.
Thousands of people could be living in ignorance of their true heritage, he said. “They are going to have events that are life-changing visited on them.”
The Taoiseach said people will be given the support they need, and information will be given face to face, in a supportive environment in a venue of the person's choice. No news will be delivered over the phone.
So here we were again in the Dáil chamber, sifting through the details of another scandal, one that has been known about for years with little urgency on the side of governments to get stuck in. One where people, as Boyd-Barrett put it, “have had their identities stolen and their welfare, particularly in terms of their health, compromised unless they know their proper biological heritage”.
‘It's a cover-up'
After the spirit-sapping discussion of illegal adoptions, another long-running story was raised again amid calls for an open public inquiry into the Garda handling of the hit-and-run death of 23-year-old cyclist Shane O'Farrell in 2011. His family say the driver of the car should have been in prison at the time. They have compelling evidence.
This is another dark chapter. Lucia O'Farrell, Shane's mother, has been refusing to let it close. In the Dáil, again not for the first time, TDs called for an inquiry. As the Taoiseach talked about a GSoc investigation, he was met by shouts of “it's a cover-up”.
It is a story that refuses to go away.
And as the evening approached, protesters gathered at the gates to put the cervical cancer screening controversy back in the spotlight. They called for mandatory disclosure of medical information, and supports for those affected by the cervical screen controversy.
So many dark chapters now.
The never-ending story.
The Land Rover Explore has won various awards and is available from £599
Bullitt Group has secured its first deal with some of the major networks as the Land Rover Explore phone will be sold by EE and Vodafone.
Reading-based Bullitt specialise in ruggedised handsets and is the licensee for Land Rover and also works with the Caterpillar brand.
Customers will be able to buy to Explore from EE and Vodafone on either pay-as-you-go deals or monthly contracts, with EE plans including WiFi calling and 4G calling.
Bullitt Group CEO Peter Stephens has described the deal as a “milestone” and will help build the group's portfolio in the UK.
Stephens said: “Having the Land Rover Explore ranged by two of the UK's most significant operators is a milestone moment for Bullitt Group.”
“This key addition to our portfolio of rugged devices not only expands our brand portfolio but operator ranging, alongside availability in leading outdoor retailers, Cotswold Outdoor and Snow + Rock in the UK, builds the awareness of the benefits of a rugged device to a wider consumer base.”
To Explore has gained recognition since its unveiling at ISPO, the world's largest sports trade show, in January. It won an award in the outdoor category at this event and has won awards for best in show from Trusted Reviews, Alphr.com and GadgetMatch at MWC 2018.
Equipped with a powerful 4,000mAh battery, plus an additional 3,600mAh adventure pack, the main focus of to Explore is to be durable and fit for the purpose of outdoor use.
It runs on Android Nougat with a scheduled update to Oreo, and also includes premium grade topographical mapping, a 16MP rear camera, 8MP front camera and 4GB RAM and 64GB ROM for storage.
To Explore is IP68 splash, water and dust resistant and drop proof to 1.8 metres and has a five inch HD display.
Customers will be able to purchase to Explore for £599.
Chaz French has been all around the world but he is DMV's own. Chaz shows love to his hometown and gives back at the #KYSBlockParty. Watch has Chaz along with his Daughter performs some of his classics.
More #KYSBlockParty
Airports' gain will be municipalities' loss under fuel rule
hello
Taxes from the sale of aviation fuel should fund airports, an FAA rule requires. Illinois is adjusting to the regulation that will affect some municipalities. Associated Press
A windfall for airports could mean a loss to Illinois municipalities as legislators determine the fate of millions of dollars in jet fuel taxes.
At issue is how the General Assembly will divvy up about $20 million a year in aviation fuel taxes and how the jackpot can be used.
Typically, when planes gas up at airports, the owner pays 6.25 percent in sales taxes. The state gets 5 percent and the remaining 1.25 percent eventually goes back to municipalities with airports. And many of those municipalities use the jet fuel taxes for general purposes.
But in 1987, the Federal Aviation Administration ordered that tax revenues from jet fuel be used for airports, not swept into state or municipal funds.
That rule largely was ignored until 2014, when a compliance date of Dec. 8 was set; Illinois missed that deadline but will likely conform by spring, lawmakers said.
The state's 5 percent share of the sales tax is grandfathered in since it predates the 1987 FAA rule. However, the change is "going to cost municipalities that have been using the money for their municipal fund," said state Rep. David Harris.
For example, Wheeling, where Chicago Executive Airport is located, could lose about $150,000 a year, and "that's not chump change," added the Arlington Heights Republican.
Village Manager Jon A. Sfondilis called it an unfortunate "example of a municipality losing direct revenue used to pay for core services."
As to what the money can be used for going forward, in general, revenues are intended for airport-related purposes, the FAA said.
Pending legislation in Springfield would require the funds to be spent on airport capital projects or operating costs everywhere except Chicago.
In Chicago, the revenues would be restricted to replacing windows installed as part of a soundproofing program near Midway and O'Hare international airports or testing air quality, state Rep. Michael Zalewski said. The move is related to reports of a foul smell caused by windows installed in homes near Midway to mitigate jet noise.
Given complaints of noxious odors, "it makes sense to address those concerns as expeditiously as we can," said Zalewski, a Chicago Democrat and chairman of the Revenue and Finance Committee. He noted that the legislation could be updated once new windows are completed.
The legislation also calls for the tax revenues to be distributed based on enplanements (or people boarding aircraft) which would give the lion's share to Chicago. However, because of pushback from lawmakers and government officials, it's more likely to be based on Illinois Department of Transportation funding formulas, Zalewski said.
Harris noted, "I would like to see a straightforward distribution where taxes that are paid (at an airport) go to that airport."
Neither the Chicago Department of Aviation nor United or American airlines weighed in on the question, although all indications are carriers would like the tax to disappear.
A final resolution is expected when the General Assembly gets back to work in mid-January.
Lawmakers will "continue to work to put forth a statutory fix to come into compliance with the federal rule," Zalewski said.
Got an opinion on this or other transportation issues? Send an email to mpyke@dailyherald.com. This week I'm interested in pedestrian experiences at crosswalks. Did drivers stop or not?
You should know
Illinois Tollway Director Neli Vasquez Rowland is jumping into the crowded congressional primary race to replace outgoing 4th District U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez of Chicago. Rowland, of Bartlett, is president of A Safe Haven, a nonprofit that aids people suffering from addiction. She's up against 10 other candidates in the March 20 Democratic primary.
Upcoming
Want to learn more about improvements to the underwhelming interchange of the Reagan Memorial Tollway (I-88) and Route 47 near Sugar Grove? IDOT's got a forum from 4 to 7 p.m. Thursday at Waubonsee Community College's Academic and Professional Center in Sugar Grove, where you can hang with engineers and peruse maps.
Lake Shore Drive and I-55 fix
The great crawl is over. After months of slowdowns at the interchange of I-55 and Lake Shore Drive near McCormick Place, a massive redo is complete. The $135 million project included rebuilding six elevated bridges connecting the two roads and involved IDOT, the city of Chicago and McCormick Place.
Abakaliki – In an effort to prevent further outbreak of Lassa fever, Ebonyi Government is to begin intensive campaigns against rat consumption in rural areas where inhabitants erroneously believe rats have high nutritional value.
The state Commissioner for Environment, Chief Donatus Njoku, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abakaliki that the government would explore all avenues to dissuade the citizens from consuming rats.
Lassa fever outbreak in the state in January resulted in four deaths.
Njoku said: “Rats are the primary vectors of the disease, and we are vigorously carrying out enlightenment through mass media, workshops, seminars and various ministries' communication channels.
“We will collaborate with traditional rulers and other opinion leaders at the grassroots to educate rural dwellers to shun such a notion and realise that rat is the disease's primary vector.
“We have also continued to sensitise the populace to urgently report suspected cases to relevant health agencies.
“With the total functionality of the state government-owned South-East Virology Centre, such an occurrence can be expeditiously handled.''
On sanitation, Njoku said that contrary to insinuations, non-observance of the monthly sanitation in the state did not affect effective sanitation.
“State and Federal Government functions sometimes fall on the last Saturday of the month, and when this occurs, we have to comply.
“The state government has evolved policies which make the populace to clean their environments on daily basis and not wait for designated days,” he said.
Njoku told NAN that the state Ministry of Environment ensured that state government ministries and parastatal-agencies cleaned their environments daily as directed by the governor.
“We assess their performances to ascertain the level of compliance; to show his seriousness toward the directive, the governor visits the ministries for on-the-spot assessments.
“We encourage the people to keep their environments clean to improve their health,” he said. (NAN)
One month after bones were discovered near a private Peoria County campsite, county investigators have released their findings.
Lodgers preparing for a summer of camping at a private Kingston Mines campsite discovered a human skull on the banks of the Illinois River around 2:30 p.m. on June 11.
Peoria County search and rescue teams were immediately summed to River's Edge Campgrounds in southern Peoria County, where they continued to comb the area for other evidence and human remains until June 13.
In the meantime, Peoria County Coroner Jamie Harwood, along with a forensic pathologist, performed a preliminary autopsy and released those findings on Tuesday, June 13. The results revealed the remains are that of an adult male.
Decomposition indicates the skull may have been at the campsite for around three months, or longer, until it was found, Harwood said. Until recently, much of the beach areas along the river were underwater due to heavy spring rains, but the river has begun to recede.
Harwood also said, initially, the goal was to answer two primary questions; the age and sex of the person. The skull, he said, is “indisputably” that of an adult.
Harwood's findings rule out the possibility that campers found the remains of Robert Bonzai Bee, Jr. Bee, 13, fled from his home on Sapp Street in Pekin Nov. 17. He was last witnessed by a Pekin Police Department truancy officer that afternoon, and is considered an endangered runaway.
Grassroots groups, such as “Team Bonsai” and “The Officially Finding Robert Bee Discussion Group” have been helping in the search for the missing boy.
The Kingston Mines discovery brought about an immediate reaction from the Bee Facebook community, in hopes that it would bring closure to the case. It did not.
In addition to the skull being that of an adult, Bee also has a marked quality that is easy to discern; his front left adult incisor is partially missing, and what remains of it is in decay.
In another case, Mark P. Bohanan, 60, of Glasford, is considering missing since April 26. According to family members, Bohanan is unable to walk further than 10 feet without a cane, and cannot right himself if he falls.
The Kingston Mines remains cannot be those of Bohanan; decomposition of the Kingston Mines remains began at least a month before the Glasford man came missing.
And there is another file, that of a human torso recovered in Beardstown, Ill. Found by a fisherman on Nov. 13, 2016, the Schuyler County remains were shuttled to McLean County Coroner Dr. Kathleen Davis for an autopsy.
With no extremities or cranium, Davis had no fingerprints or dental records to work with, and the case has grown cold. Harwood said Schuyler County officials inquired into the June 13 autopsy, and were present for a portion of it.
It was determined, he said, that the skull found in Kingston Mines was not related in any way to the Schuyler County torso.
Police searching Kingston Mines did happen upon additional remains, which, at first, appeared to be human. The bones discovered belonged to an animal, likely that of a deer, which resemble the size and shape of the bones in human arms, Harwood said.
Teeth from the skull will be extracted and dentin from within them will be used to harvest DNA, he said. It's a tedious process, Harwood said, that may take up to six weeks to complete. Following that, he will attempt to match the DNA through a database or with relatives of missing persons.
— Peoria County investigating human remains found at campsite —
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Porcelain Glaze Coating Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Porcelain Glaze Coating market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Akzo Nobel, BASF, PPG, Nippon Paint Holdings, Jotun, Sherwin-Williams, Sherwin-Williams, Maydos. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Porcelain Glaze Coating Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-porcelain-glaze-coating-market/10367/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Porcelain Glaze Coating market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Porcelain Glaze Coating market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Porcelain Glaze Coating Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Porcelain Glaze Coating. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Porcelain Glaze Coating in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Solvent-based Resin Coating, Water Soluble Resin Coating.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Residential, Commercial Use.
Key Highlights Of The Porcelain Glaze Coating Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-porcelain-glaze-coating-market/10367/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Porcelain Glaze Coating new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Porcelain Glaze Coating market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Porcelain Glaze Coating industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
By Debra Filcman
The new album was announced via YouTube video, in which Josh Homme undergoes a polygraph test regarding details of the album that have been kept quiet all year.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
× Virginia troopers killed in chopper crash while working Charlottesville protests leave wives, four children
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe said he is grieving the deaths of the two troopers, Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M. M. Bates, whom he knew personally.
State police identified the victims as pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen, 48, and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, 40. Both men died at the scene.
McAuliffe frequently uses state police aircraft to travel the state and said Cullen, 48, had been one of his regular pilots. Before joining the aviation unit, Bates has been a member of the state trooper team that guards the governor and his family.
“It was personal to me,” McAuliffe said Sunday morning at a church service. “We were very close.”
Cullen was a 23-year veteran of the department and head of the aviation unit. He is survived by his wife and two sons.
Bates joined the department in 2004, and is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter. He transferred to the state police aviation unit last month and was one day away from his 41st birthday.
“Both of them were great guys who loved what they were doing,” said Perry Benshoof, a retired trooper who worked with both.
Craig Bates said his younger brother had always wanted to serve others and to fly.
The younger Bates, who died one day short of his 41st birthday, worked for years as a trooper, first in Florida and then in Virginia. He'd recently gotten his pilot's license so that he could apply to work for the department's aviation unit. He got his wish, and joined the unit only last month.
“It was the culmination of a lot of dreams come true,” Craig Bates said. “This is something that he truly wanted to do. It was much too short but I'm grateful for the fact that he was able to do that.”
The helicopter crashed in a wooded area outside Charlottesville around 5 p.m. Saturday. Police said the cause of the crash is still under investigation but there was “no indication of foul play.”
Their helicopter was “assisting public safety resources with the ongoing situation in Charlottesville,” according to a police statement.
The aircraft crashed in a wooded area near a residence just before 5 p.m. No one on the ground was injured
By Emmanuel Elebeke
ABUJA- The federal government has challenged local industrialists to learn to take business risks in the ICT savvy Nigerian youths.
The minister of Communications, Dr. Adebayo Shittu threw the challenge during the visit of the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) Committee on Specialized Exhibition led by its Chairman Engr. Leye Kupoloye on forthcoming ICT Expo in Lagos at the Ministry's Headquarters, Abuja.
He said, ”the private sector has a lot of money wasting away in the banks and to bring them out and take business risks is what our people would not do. This is one area I believe we have to do a rethink,” and urged them local industrialists to invest in young ICT savvy Nigerians for the development of their innovative ideas in the country.
The Minister pointed out that it is necessary for LCCI to encourage local industrialists and entrepreneurs to support the youths that possess innovative ideas on ICT for them to grow and develop the country.
“We should not only expect investment from foreigners rather our local industrialists and entrepreneurs should also be ready to invest in the youths that have innovative ideas to develop. Enough of being on the sideline in the area of innovation, research and development. That is the message I want you to take to your members.”
The Minister reiterated the need for the local industrialist to be active in the ICT sector to compete with foreigners coming to buy innovative ideas from ICT savvy young Nigerians and turn it into viable products and resell to Nigeria at exorbitant prices.
He pointed out that young Nigerians sponsored by the government through National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) to oversea Expo have proved their mettle in ICT innovations and they need to be supported by our local industrialists.
Shittu urged Nigerian investors to leave the stage of buying and selling and engage in real production that would bring greater growth and development to the country.
He said, “In our country, we have a market already in our population and the whole Africa is part of our market waiting for our products to be patronized.”
He advised LCCI to have syndicated group that would be committed to discovering new talent. He noted that it is very important to have a unit to discover new talent and mentor them to grow.
The Minister assured LCCI of the Ministry's participation and support for the ICT Expo in Lagos and urged members of the chamber to key in into the ICT park initiative of the Ministry adding that his Ministry was willing to partner any good initiatives that would deepen ICT penetration in the country.
Earlier, the Chairman, Specialized Exhibition Committee of the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Engr. Leye Kupoloye said that they were in the ministry to seek for the participation and support of the ministry in the forthcoming ICT Expo in Lagos.
He said ministry of communications has been doing a good job and urged the minister to continue adding that ICT is a creator of happiness to people and a lot of inflow of money going into the sector where knowledge and technology meet to create wealth.
Jackson, Mississippi, residents are on edge as a severed head was found on a resident's porch by children playing outside over the weekend.
According to the Clarion-Ledger, Jackson Police Department spokesman Cmdr. Tyree Jones stated that the head belonged to an unidentified young Black man, with the cause of death seeming to be “severance.” A badly-burned body was discovered about half a mile away, but autopsy results have yet to confirm if it belongs to the head police found.
Neighbors gathered as the press arrived on the scene, but very few wanted to give their names.
“I think it's another funeral to go to. Every Saturday, we have another funeral. It's every week,” one man said.
When asked about the incident another person said: “Someone's sending a message. Why else do you do that?”
Police are currently investigating the murder, but dispute that this was gang-related.
“It's too early to speculate on motive. It's senseless, and it's tragic, and it's sad,” Jones said.
RELATED NEWS:
‘We've Found Our Monster': Arrest Made In Murder Of 12-Year-Old Florida Girl Whose Body Was Found In Creek
‘An Incomprehensible Tragedy': Father Charged In Murder Of NBC Executive's 7-Year-Old Daughter
Keshia Knight Pulliam On Why She Supports Bill Cosby: ‘The Man I've Known As A Child Was Funny and Philanthropic'
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Barcelona, Spain — 4 July — Massaje Domicilio Barcelona is one of the best massage parlours in the whole city of Barcelona. With great masseuses and great facilities this is by far the best massage in Barcelona experience one can ever wish for. With clients ranging from powerful politicians to prestigious business owners and rich tourists the parlour has one of the highest standards when it comes to treating clients the right way. Professionalism is innate to this place and its employees are some of the best trained hospitality college graduate sin France and from other countries. Besides amazing massage the parlour offers all kinds of SPA services for women and men alike and those are a great success among the customers.
Of course such a high class place can only be famous for one thing, the amazing masseuse tantra Barcelona which you will find nowhere anymore in France. These women are well trained specialists coming from Asian countries who only know to perform this kind of massage and are amazing at it. With hundreds of hours of practice, they master this massage to perfection and are ready to repeat the soothing movements of hands every single day for hours. According to the customers this massage in an unparalleled experience which is only available here at Massaje Domicilio Barcelona and for which they are willing to pay exorbitant amounts of money every single day.
The customer base of this masseuse Barcelona is truly elite. It is not surprising that the parlour always manages to attract its clients back and get new clients via word of mouth. This place knows how to value important clients and how to show them that they are always welcome here. These people come back here because they know they will not really want to leave even after hours of massage and SPA procedure which they do on a weekly basis. The atmosphere of this place is unique and upscale nothing can compare to it and nothing can repeat it in its entirety.
It is natural to conclude that this place is a must for everyone who wants to experience masseuse naturiste Barcelona at least once the atmosphere is unforgettable and the relaxation is out of this world this is one experience you definitely should try in Barcelona instead of going the beaten path of tourist attractions.
Massaje Domicilio Barcelona is one of the best massage parlours in Barcelona. With some pf the most high class clients and some of the best services in the country, this establishment rose to the prominence it has today by employing some of the best professional masseuses in the country and working on the client services to the point they are almost perfect.
Company Name: Massaje Domicilio Barcelona
Website: http://masajedomiciliobarcelona.com
SWANSBORO, N.C. (WNCT) — A Swansboro food truck has been nominated for a national food truck award, pitting it against food trucks from across the country, including those in larger cities like Washington D.C. and Austin, Texas.
Urban Street Eats has been nominated as the 2017 Rookie Food Truck of the Year, which is awarded by the Mobile-Cuisine website.
The food truck is known for its tacos, plus truffle fries and sandwiches.
The website's 10 finalists were chosen from more than 550 individual submissions across the country.
Morehead City's Dank Burrito received the award in 2014.
If you would like to vote for Urban Street Eats, you can do so here.
US to impose 25 pct. tariffs on Chinese industrial tech products
Washington, May 29 (EFE).- The US government will impose 25 percent tariffs on certain Chinese products containing “industrially significant technology” as part of its plan to combat the theft of intellectual property it has accused Beijing of engaging in, the White House said Tuesday.
“The United States will implement specific investment restrictions and enhanced export controls for Chinese persons and entities related to the acquisition of industrially significant technology,” the White House said in a statement.
Specifically, the Donald Trump administration announced that it will impose a 25 percent tariff, valued at a total of $50 billion, on Chinese imports containing industrial technology that Washington deems to violate intellectual property regulations.
The measure, to which other similar yet-to-be-announced moves will be added, will go into effect on June 30.
The White House also said that Trump is planning to take “multiple steps” to protect US technology and intellectual property from certain “discriminatory and burdensome trade practices by China.”
The announcement comes 10 days after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that the trade war with China has been put “on hold” after a series of talks in Washington with a top-level Chinese delegation headed by Liu He, the main economic adviser to President Xi Jinping.
This weekend, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is scheduled to travel to Beijing with the aim of reducing tensions with the Asian giant.
Trump, however, said last week that he is not “satisfied” with trade negotiations with China.
The US had demanded that Beijing reduce its trade surplus with Washington by $200 billion if it wants to avoid further trade sanctions.
0:58 Train backs away from Olympia protesters Pause
1:57 VIDEO: Tumwater Quadruple Shooting
0:33 VIDEO: Suspect arrested in grisly Thurston County dog death
2:27 Canoe Journey: It's about strength, sharing and tradition
1:33 Hands On Children's Museum rings in the new year
3:04 WATCH: Accused shooter in Dutterow Road killings appears in court
2:28 Austin Kelley remembered at SMU celebration of Life Sunday
4:50 A grateful Sheriff John Snaza eager to get back on the beat
4:06 What's your definition of politically independent?
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam Pause
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
Lady Gaga announced Saturday morning that she is canceling the remainder of her Joanne World Tour due to “severe pain.””I'm so devastated. I don't know how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music,” Gaga said in a statement. “My medicalThis article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Lady Gaga Cancels Remainder of Joanne World Tour Due to ‘Severe Pain' …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
A company of businessman Harry Crosbie can commence work on two kiosks selling refreshments and flowers/gifts at the Grand Canal Harbour development in Dublin, a High Court judge said.
Mr Justice Tony O'Connor said he was prepared to make an order which will enable Mr Crosbie's family company, Fastwell Ltd, to carry out work on the kiosks in accordance with planning permission.
The judge was giving a decision in a row over the terms of a lease, affecting the kiosks, between Fastwell and OCL Capital plc, owners of the property which includes a basement car parking area leased to Q-Park Ireland.
The judge said he would also make a declaration that an agreement exists between the two companies but that it does not include a clause which relates to part of the basement car park and which is also included in the planning permission.
He dismissed an application by Fastwell for an order for rectification of the lease to reflect Fastwell's claim in relation to the basement.
No agreement
He found OCL did not agree to include any part of the basement in an agreement for the lease and Fastwell did not produce any map or plan to identify the basement area as being part of it.
He further dismissed Fastwell's claim for damages for breach of contract.
The judge said he would hear further submissions from the parties later this month in relation to the precise orders to be made and on costs.
However, he urged the parties to “engage in an effective manner” over this dispute because the costs of the litigation would far outweigh the value of the kiosk development.
In his judgment, he said the true cause of the dispute was the “breakdown of trust between Harry Crosbie and the defendant”.
One of the multiple endings of Salman Khan starrer will have Salman Khan in a double role. While the makers have shot multiple endings to maintain the suspense of the film, the latest development suggests Salman Khan to have a double role in one of the multiple endings.
Race as a franchise is known for its twists and turns, elevating the level of action and suspense, the third installment of the franchise is presenting yet another shocking turn of events. With the double bonanza of Salman Khan, Race 3 is all set to stir the excitement amongst the fans even more.
Race 3 takes the Race franchise to an all-time high with action a notch higher and suspense that will leave you at the edge of your seats. With the action sequences being shot extensively in Thailand, Abu Dhabi and Mumbai, it is set to break the box office records.
Marking the festive season of Eid, Race 3 proves to be a complete festive bonanza, with action, family drama, suspense, romance and promise of blockbuster songs.
Starring an ensemble cast of Salman Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez, Anil Kapoor, Bobby Deol, Saqib Saleem and Daisy Shah, the action thriller is undoubtedly one of the most awaited films.
Produced by Salman Khan Films and Ramesh Taurani under the banner of Tips Films, Race 3 is directed by Remo D'souza and will hit theatres on 15th June 2018.
Moscow, Russia – May 29, 2018 – ElcomSoft Co. Ltd. updates Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp, the company's all-in-one forensic tool for extracting, decrypting and analyzing users' WhatsApp communication histories. The new release can now extract and decrypt information from WhatsApp Business for Android. Supporting physical acquisition from rooted Android handsets as well as stand-alone backups created by Android users in Google Drive, the tool offers full Android support for the Business app.
Physical extraction is possible for rooted Android devices. Cloud extraction requires authenticating into the user's Google account with their login and password; two-factor authentication is supported for protected accounts. Cloud extraction is possible without registering as a new WhatsApp recipient or entering a WhatsApp phone number. With cloud extraction, experts can access Google Drive backups created by all versions of WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business. The tool provides automatic download and decryption for WhatsApp backups and comes with a built-in viewer.
“With more than 10 million installations, WhatsApp Business is clearly a popular tool among small business users”, says Vladimir Katalov, ElcomSoft CEO. “WhatsApp Business protection is different enough of protection methods employed by the original WhatsApp to require an update to our acquisition tool. With our tool, experts can now access Android users' WhatsApp Business communication histories backed up in Google Drive or extract them directly from rooted Android devices.”
Extracting WhatsApp Business Data
Exclusively available to Android users, WhatsApp Business offer a number of features aimed at small business owners. The free Android app allows businesses interact with their customers by using a number of automation tools to quickly find and respond to messages. At this time, WhatsApp Business was downloaded from Google Play Store more than 10 million times.
Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 ( https://www.elcomsoft.com/exwa.html ) offers two acquisition methods for WhatsApp Business. The first method relies on root access in the phone being analyzed. With this method, the tool can extract a WhatsApp Business database from Android devices with installed root access. In addition to physical acquisition, Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp supports cloud extraction of WhatsApp Business backups from Google Drive.
Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 supports the new authentication method implemented by WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business to protect Google Drive backups. The new authentication method would normally require entering the registered phone number prior to accessing Google Drive backups. Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 helps overcome this restriction, enabling access to WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business Google Drive backups without first entering the registered phone number.
For Ava Reyes, marked her fifth birthday as well as her first day of kindergarten.
Racheal Reyes, Ava's grandmother, explained, “She knows her numbers. She's excited to learn the alphabet.”
Ava's grandmother brought her to My Salon Suites to get a free haircut in exchange for a donation of school supplies, according to lasvegasnow.com.
The owner of the salon said she knows the powerful boost a blowout can have on a child's self-esteem.
Amanda Skvorzov, owner of My Salon Suite, said, “They go back to school looking fresh and having that confidence that will maybe push them over that hump of being bullied,” And a little confidence can go a long way.
As many as 21 percent of American students between the ages of 12 and 18 have reportedly been bullied, according to the National Crime Victimization Survey.
Sasha DeCania, Destination Teens Treatment center, said, “I'm seeing more and more, probably in the last eight to 10 years has been through social media.”
DeCania treats teens for a range of mental health issues, including the side effects of bullying.
She said every child who walks into the Destinations has encountered some form of online bullying. Some children are as young as six.
“Children tend to feel secretive about it, feel shameful about it and it erodes at their self-esteem,” DeCania said.
Before kids head back to school, she recommends parents pay attention to red flags their children may show such as a change in dress, mood, and if they isolate themselves.
“When you start to see shifts like that, you need to ask your kid what's going on,” DeCania said.
Rachel Reyes said she knows communication is key to making sure her granddaughter is safe at school.
“I would be concerned if somebody said anything negative because she is very soft hearted, but she also knows, if anybody says anything to her, she'll go to her teacher,” Reyes said.
The Santa Maria Police Department has released the name of a 15-year-old girl who was fatally injured Saturday night when she was struck by a car while crossing the street with her brother.
The accident occurred just after 9:30 p.m. as the teen, Leticia Hernandez Sanchez, and her 13-year-old brother were attempting to cross Miller Street eastbound on Newlove Drive, Sgt. Jesus Valle said.
The pedestrians were in an unmarked crosswalk when the girl was hit by a 2000 Infiniti G20 traveling northbound on Miller, Valle said.
The critically injured girl was taken to Marian Regional Medical Center, where she later died of her injuries, Valle said.
The girl's brother, Lisandro Hernandez Sanchez, was not hurt.
Valle identified the car's driver as Kelsi Sullivan, 21, of Santa Maria. No charges have been filed and the collision remains under investigation, he said.
Anyone with further information is urged to contact the Police Department's Traffic Bureau at 805.928.3781.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Former FBI Director James Comey leaves a closed session with the Senate Intelligence Committee in the Hart Senate Office Building on Capitol Hill June 8, 2017 in Washington, D.C. Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Former FBI Director James Comey sharply criticized Republicans, and by extension President Donald Trump, shortly after the House Intelligence Committee released the controversial memo that supposedly shows bias at the FBI and the Justice Department. It seems Comey, agrees with Slate's Jeremy Stahl that the memo is a “complete flop” and “offers virtually no new information.”
In a tweet, Comey point-blank asks: “That's it?” The partisan wrangling that preceded the release of the “dishonest and misleading” memo caused significant damage but doesn't actually show any kind of malfeasance, the former FBI chief suggested. The debate over the document that has engulfed Washington for weeks “wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen,” Comey wrote. “For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs.”
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
The normally quiet Comey who usually likes to comment on the news in roundabout ways has been unusually direct recently. On Thursday evening, the former FBI director also took to Twitter to say that everyone “should appreciate the FBI speaking up.” Ultimately though, Comey, whose firing led to the appointment of Robert Mueller as special counsel, sounded an optimistic tone: “Take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy.”
All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy. — James Comey (@Comey) February 1, 2018
The FBI and Justice Department had staunchly opposed the release of the memo and there were reports that the White House was worried FBI Director Christopher Wray would resign with the release of the memo. But later reports claimed Wray had “no intention of quitting.”
BREAKING: FBI Director Chris Wray has no intention of quitting if controversial House Intel memo is released despite his objections, @PeteWilliamsNBC reports — NBC Politics (@NBCPolitics) February 1, 2018
Some are urging the FBI director to reconsider. Steve Vladeck, a law professor at the University of Texas, writes on NBC News' website that Wray has no option but to resign now. Vladeck explains:
U.S. President Donald Trump and New Hampshire Secretary of State Bill Gardner. Photo illustration by Slate. Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images, Brian Snyder/Reuters.
Did voter fraud swing New Hampshire away from Donald Trump in the 2016 election? Absolutely not, according to an exhaustive investigation conducted by the state's attorney general and secretary of state, which, counter to Trump's persistent allegations, turned up no evidence of “serious voter fraud.” Instead, the inquiry provided further evidence that the tools Republicans use to detect voter fraud are fatally flawed, churning out a huge number of false positives. And while the New Hampshire investigation ultimately debunked Trump's paranoia, it came perilously close to disenfranchising thousands of lawful voters.
Republicans have seized upon New Hampshire as the putative epicenter of American voter fraud for two reasons. First, elections there are often quite close—in 2016, for instance, Hillary Clinton carried the state by fewer than 3,000 votes—meaning a relatively small amount of fraud could have a huge effect. Second, the state allows same-day voter registration under a deal with the federal government that exempts it from the stringent requirements of the National Voter Registration Act. Unlike most states, New Hampshire is not obligated to let voters register at the Department of Motor Vehicles; instead, they can register when they show up at the polls on Election Day.
Some Republicans have asserted that same-day registration is especially susceptible to fraud, and though there's no actual evidence that it is, this fear has taken hold among many conservatives. A number of GOP officials—including state legislators, Gov. Chris Sununu, and Trump—claim Democrats bus in out-of-state voters to cast illegal ballots. “The Democrats [are] very sly,” Sununu said shortly before winning the 2016 gubernatorial election. “We have same-day voter registration, and to be honest, when Massachusetts elections are not very close, they're busing them in all over the place.”
Not true, New Hampshire Secretary of State Bill Gardner and Associate Attorney General Anne Edwards declared on Tuesday. Edwards explained that while political parties sometimes rent buses from neighboring states to transport voters to the polls, the people riding the buses were legitimate New Hampshire voters. “Each time we have sent an investigator out to the polling place,” Edwards said, “they have been able to determine that the bus company is from Maine or Vermont or Massachusetts, but not the voters on the bus.” She also noted that DOJ officials sent investigators to Salem following reports that the polls were “full of” cars with Massachusetts tags. It turned out Massachusetts residents simply “came up to hold signs in New Hampshire.”
Gardner has quashed one of Trump's favorite talking points—and undermined the case for draconian voter-suppression measures that he still supports.
The myth of rampant voter impersonation proved more complicated to dispel. Gardner's office began by using Crosscheck, a tool favored by Kris Kobach that has a 99.5 percent false positive rate. Crosscheck is supposed to locate individuals who are registered to vote in multiple states; although multistate registration isn't illegal, it could indicate that the voter is no longer active in one of those states. Kobach has insisted that the program helps states clean up their voter rolls by removing inactive voters. In reality, it has led election officials to try to purge thousands of lawful voters from the rolls.
Gardner—who is nominally a Democrat, but served on Trump's voter-fraud commission and now supports disenfranchisement measures—decided to use the tool despite all of those documented problems. In New Hampshire, Crosscheck initially flagged a whopping 94,610 individuals as possible double voters by matching first names, last names, and birthdays. Gardner's office eliminated most of those matches by weeding out people who voted in one state and not the other, or who didn't vote at all. That left 4,579 possible double voters, of whom 3,624 were ruled out because they had different middle names or initials. Gardner's team whittled down the remaining 955 names to 142 possible matches by examining Social Security numbers, death records, post-office data, and other publicly available information. His office referred 51 of those cases to the attorney general and will continue to narrow down the final 91—partly by comparing their signatures, a notoriously unreliable method.
In all, the state had found five cases of actual wrongful voting, though not all were the voters' fault. One college student voted in the wrong location on the faulty instruction of an election official. An elderly woman appears to have filled out her recently deceased husband's absentee ballot. Two people cast a ballot in Dixville Notch's famous midnight primary without establishing domicile there. Just one person actually voted twice; he was fined $2,500 and threatened with criminal prosecution if he ever did it again.
Bradford Cook, chairman of the state's Ballot Law Commission, described these cases as “a bunch of idiosyncratic issues” rather than “massive voter fraud,” a characterization Edwards, the associate attorney general, agreed with. Yet Gardner isn't yet willing to concede that voter fraud is a nonissue.
“For the first time, we really have an idea about this,” the New Hampshire secretary of state declared, “And so it raises the question of, what does someone mean by widespread voter fraud? Does this come anywhere near that? And that's a judgment call that people individually have to make.” He also used the meeting to promote a controversial “poll tax” bill that would compel out-of-state college students to register their cars in New Hampshire if they choose to cast ballots there, costing them hundreds of dollars in fees. The GOP-controlled state legislature has already passed the bill; Sununu is awaiting an advisory opinion from the state Supreme Court before deciding whether to sign it.
Civil rights groups breathed a sigh of relief upon the release of Tuesday's report, as it was not at all clear that the secretary of state's office would conduct this investigation responsibly. When Gardner introduced Crosscheck, his office presented the program as a tool to expedite an immediate purge of voters. In September, election officials were instructed to strike from the rolls each voter flagged by the program—before eliminating false positives. And they were explicitly told they did not have to notify each voter before purging them.
Emails obtained under the state's Right to Know law by Colin Van Ostern, who wants to replace Gardner as secretary of state, demonstrate that officials balked at the command. After Crosscheck flagged 859 names in Manchester alone, assistant city clerk JoAnn Ferruolo chose a random sample of 34 matches to study more closely. She quickly found that 15 of those 34 were obvious false positives. “I do not feel comfortable,” she wrote a superior, “removing 859 voter records where 44% of the sample was found to be an active voter in Manchester.”
When the American Civil Liberties Union of New Hampshire challenged the state's legal authority to purge these voters, the secretary of state's office backed down. (State law expressly requires the government to notify voters before canceling their registration.) Gardner's office claimed the purge instructions were a “miscommunication, pure and simple,” though it did not persuasively explain exactly how its “miscommunication” came about.
This early skirmish raised the possibility that, like Kobach before him, Gardner would use Crosscheck to disenfranchise thousands of perfectly eligible voters. For now, at least, that has not come to pass. To the contrary, the secretary of state has quashed one of Trump's favorite talking points—and undermined the case for draconian voter-suppression measures that he still supports. Even as New Hampshire concludes that voter fraud is vanishingly rare, its governor is seriously considering signing a bill to address that nonexistent problem. That's no surprise. Despite mounting evidence to the contrary, nearly half of Republicans have convinced themselves that up to 5 million people voted illegally in 2016. For many in the GOP, the existence of voter fraud is more than what Gardner termed “a judgment call.” It's an unshakeable article of faith.
Leader in digital handwriting technology integrates its solution to address the desire for enhanced customization in digital greeting card notes
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Handwriting.io, a leader in digital handwriting technology, announced today its partnership with Touchnote, the world's most popular postcard-sending service. Under the agreement, Handwiting.io's patented API is integrated with Touchnote's apps and website to provide its customers with an authentic digital handwriting solution, which enables individuals to personalize their notes in postcards and greeting cards.
The partnership advances the company's offerings by transforming postcards and greeting cards with "handwritten" messages to be distributed worldwide. With the international capacity of its postcard-sending service, there was a demand from Touchnote users to customize messages that accompany the photos.
"Exchanging postcards and greeting cards is a very personal form of communication. We understand how important it is for individuals to share their experiences and emotions accurately across those channels," says Eloise Bune, founder and CEO of Handwriting.io. "By partnering with Touchnote, we facilitate a solution for their customers by adding a personal touch to further enrich their customized messages."
With the addition of Handwriting.io's platform, the Touchnote user experience is enhanced with the offering of three distinct handwriting styles, which allows the sender to further personalize the postcard and greeting card messages that are exchanged.
"Touchnote's mission is to help everyone to share real, printed photos with loved ones -- surprises that brighten people's days and help keep loved ones close. Handwriting.io became a valuable partner to help us achieve that mission, making the experience of sending and receiving Touchnote cards ever more delightful," said Oded Ran, CEO of Touchnote. "The handwriting.io technology enables our customers to tailor their postcards and greeting cards and capture their special moments with a custom messaging style."
To learn more about Handwriting.io, please visit https://handwriting.io.
About Handwriting.io
Founded in 2011, Handwriting.io, offers a patented API that enables brands to easily incorporate the company's proprietary digital handwriting technology into existing mobile apps and websites to deliver personalized communications to customers in a scalable, affordable way. Handwriting.io equips brands with an innovative solution to best represent the identity of the company to enhance sales initiatives and more effectively communicate personal messages with customers and employees. The company is headquartered in New York. Connect with them @handwritingio and on LinkedIn. Learn more at handwriting.io.
About Touchnote
Touchnote allows people to send personalized postcards and greeting cards from their iPhone, iPad or Android, or from touchnote.com. Touchnote is based in London, and prints and posts its cards from the United Kingdom, United States, Australia and Germany, to any address worldwide. Founded in 2008, the company has sent over 5 million cards, and has received over 11,000 five-star app ratings. See http://www.touchnote.com for more information.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight paid a visit to his beloved Blues at the weekend to witness a 2-1 win over Sheffield United at St Andrew's.
The Birmingham born director and screenwriter is a famous Bluenose and was spotted in the crowd by the club's official photographer Roy Smiljanic.
Roy tweeted the pictures of Knight and his friends going through the emotions as Blues notched up a vital win over the Blades.
Knight even wore a trademark Peaky Blinders cap for the game.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic / BCFC.com)
He recently took to the big screen at St Andrew's when the two sides met at the ground, conveniently on the eve of the latest Peaky Blinder series.
Peaky Blinders has become one of the most anticipated shows on the TV calendar - and that's definitely one thing Blues and Villa fans can agree on.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic / BCFC.com)
In the message, Steven who was born in Birmingham and a huge Blues fan, said: “Hello St Andrews! This is Steven Knight creator of Peaky Blinders. Just to say the boys are back! Pride of Birmingham. May the best team win."
What is Peaky Blinders?
(Image: Darren Quinton)
The series follows the lives of gangster-brothers in Birmingham and stars Cillian Murphy as Tommy Shelby.
Peaky Blinders was first aired in 2013 and its fifth series will be screened next year.
Audiences peaked at 3.6 million for the finale of series four and it has even spawned spin-off products from clothes to beers.
“Peaky Blinders just gets better and better,” said Patrick Holland, Controller of BBC Two.
“It is such a distinctive, brilliantly crafted, beautifully acted series that Steven Knight, the production team and the exceptional cast have taken to another level.
“It is brilliant that such a broad, younger audience loves the series as much as we do at BBC Two. We can't wait for the next series!”
Peaky Blinders' creator Steven Knight launches own clothing range from the show
(Image: © Black Country Living Museum Production credit: A Caryn Mandabach and Tiger Aspect Production)
A sell-out Peaky Blinders festival is set to take place in the West Midlands later this year.
It will run for two weekends across September 7-8 and 14-15 at the Black Country Living Museum in Dudley.
The site has been used for filming and will be transformed into the streets of 1920s Birmingham for the event.
Having a look
Birmingham City have taken giant Latvia Under 19 goalkeeper Rihards Matrevics on trial.
The 6ft 7ins stopper, who his currently at West Ham, played in Blues' Under 23s' draw with Crystal Palace on Monday - and last Friday's victory over Bolton Wanderers.
Matrevics joined West Ham United on a scholarship in September 2015 and as well as being capped by his country at U17 and U19 levels became the first choice for the Hammers U18s last season.
He also started the opening six U18 Premier League fixtures of the season and has played for the club's Under 23s too.
The 19-year-old's opportunities at that level have been restricted with England U20 goalkeeper Nathan Trott standing in his way and his contract is up in the summer.
He has played for Blues Under 23s earlier this season at Huddersfield. Development coach Richard Beale has Connal Trueman and Jake Weaver on whom to call with Under 18s Adam Siviter pushing hard.
Back with a bang
Marc Roberts has vowed to show Birmingham City supporters his best in a searingly honest account of his first season at the club.
The 27-year-old started his first game for nearly two months on Saturday, when he not only played in the 2-1 victory over Sheffield United - but scored too.
Roberts' first half equaliser gave Blues the platform to go on and seal a win that has massively boosted their survival chances.
But the centre half, who was a big-money signing from Barnsley in the summer, admits he can hardly be satisfied with that.
“It's been an up and down season for myself. I have not hit the heights I have in the past years or what I would like to have done coming here,” Roberts conceded.
“I am disappointed in myself for that. I have sat out of the team and watched the team do ever so well.
“It's a bit late I know but the chance I have got now I need to show the fans what I am as a player.
“I am disappointed in my past form but going forwards I need to show the player I am. Hopefully I can do that with chance I have now.”
And Roberts, who just three years ago was still playing non-league football, admitted his confidence has taken a dip at times this term.
“That's natural. The way we have been as a team I think everyone has had ups and downs, everyone's gone through rough patches in the season.
“For me it's been tough. I am disappointed in myself for the majority.
“I have had good spells, I have had long bad spells. Uncharacteristic if I do say so myself from what I am used to.
“It's tough at times, it has been tough, don't get me wrong you doubt yourself.
“And when the pressure's on, you are at a big club, you have got that many fans wanting to see you do well.
“When you are not it seems like the whole world is against you.
“As a professional you have just got to put that to one side and bring your best out as much as you can.
“Like I said I have not done it as much as I should have done, or would like to have done.
“It is what it is at the minute but the last couple of games we have got to do our best.”
Roberts' 32nd minute finish was his first for his club and was significant both for personal and collective reasons.
It also had a big effect on his former employers Barnsley who are now five points behind Blues and in severe danger of going down to League One.
“It's massive for me. I have never gone a full season without scoring.
“It's not our job but it's nice to help the lads after going 1-0 down, putting us back in the game is nice.
“I don't care who scores as long as we get the result.
“They [Barnsley] have been my home-town club and that is where I was before.
“At this minute I am totally focused on us and that's the way it's got to be until the end of the season.
“Their fate is in their hands. Ours is in ours. At the minute I am a Blue and that's all there is to it.”
With 13 points from their last seven games, Blues have thrived under new manager Garry Monk.
But like Monk he insists there is more work still to be done before Championship football is secured for next term.
“I don't want to speak about the past. The gaffer has said it - the past is the past, it's gone.
“But Garry and the team that has come in have been great, their ideas have been great. They are all together as one.
“The lads have taken to that, you can see that on the pitch, there is a clear instruction, a clear way of playing. And it just makes everything so much easier.
“You can see that out there, everyone knows their roles and everyone's performing their own roles inside the team.
“We want to get it done as soon as possible. We never wanted to be in this position in the first place -but we are, because of us players.
“We have got ourselves in here and we have got to get ourselves out of it as quickly as possible.
“Hopefully we can get it done soon.
"We do believe in ourselves, we have got this belief that we are good players and I think we are showing it now.
"The team spirit is there and I think you can see it on the pitch, we fight for each other. That's coming out.
"It's a bit late now but we just have to do what we have to do this season. We are getting one step closer."
Not impressed
Sheffield United boss Chris Wilder has revealed that he had words with Mark Duffy after his goal celebrations on Saturday.
Former Birmingham City winger Duffy opened the scoring at St Andrew's for the Blades inside the opening ten minutes.
While many players tend to offer a rather muted reaction when putting their former club to the sword, Duffy had no such intentions - he made for the fans in the Kop and let the watching Bluenoses know all about it.
It was a celebration he was booked by the referee for - and ultimately one in vain as Marc Roberts and Jacques Maghoma turned the game on its head with a goal in either half for Blues.
Straight-talking Wilder, who led the Blades to the Championship last season and to the cusp of the play-off places this, was not best pleased with Duffy's actions and told him as much at half time.
“Players should self-police,” he told the Yorkshire Post.
“Duffy is someone I had a pop at. What he did after scoring was poor. To get the supporters on his back was unnecessary.
“He had done the hard bit by scoring. He didn't need to rev it up and get booked.
“He should get back to the halfway line and on with the game – go and stick the ball in the net again. He doesn't need to antagonise anyone. That upset and annoyed me.”
Statto
Birmingham City's victory over Sheffield United was a massive shot in the arm to their Championship survival hopes.
Garry Monk praised his team's display during the 2-1 victory and highlighted characteristics appreciated by all football fans - but especially by a packed St Andrew's willing a feisty performance from their team.
And according to statistics provided by Twitter account @EFLStats that's exactly what they got.
Indeed Blues led the league in one important category over the weekend - and featured highly in another.
No team won more than the 24 successful tackles with which Blues blunted the Blades. David Davis top scored with six.
And they won the fight for the skies too, dominating 71 per cent of the game's aerial clashes, a whopping 42 compared to Sheffield United's 17.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's 16 were not only almost as many as the entire opposition but more than double the next player - Marc Roberts.
But perhaps slightly more surprisingly was the success they had in turning those advantages around the field, to tangible pressure.
Blues' victory has given them a five-point gap on the relegation places, although Barnsley have a game in hand.
They face Queen's Park Rangers in their final away match this season - before rounding off the campaign at home to Fulham.
Odds on
Birmingham City's victory over Sheffield United has effectively secured their Championship status.
At least that's the view of the bookies, with Sky Bet having Garry Monk's men as a massive 16/1 against to slip into League One.
Just a few days ago they were as close as evens following consecutive defeats at Wolves and Bristol City.
But Jacques Maghoma's 69th minute winner, combined with defeats for Barnsley, Bolton and Reading appears to have done the job for Blues.
Burton, who have mounted an impressive rearguard action, are still rated as 1/10 for the drop, while, despite their game in hand, Barnsley are 4/9. Bolton are 5/4 and Reading 33/1.
Even the most conservative odds on Birmingham's relegation - 9/1 - suggest it is highly unlikely.
Not that you will hear Monk making any such assumption.
Speaking after the win against the Blades Monk said: “A huge win, a huge step forward in what we are trying to but definitely not job done.
“We enjoy tonight, all the fans can enjoy tonight, but we have got to get ready for next week because we have got an important game coming.”
Podcast time
Welcome to episode 7 of Blue Noise, the Birmingham City podcast from us here at Birmingham Live.
This week Blues writer Brian Dick was joined by Dele Adebola - who can still be found at Wast Hills working with the club's Under 18s and U23s but in a past life, a powerful centre forward who scored more than 40 goals for Trevor Francis' promotion challengers.
Adebola tells us how he grew up in Liverpool, played alongside Robbie Fowler in schools football and dreamed of signing for the Anfield giants. Yet when the chance came he turned it down.
He discusses his on-going love affair with Birmingham City, the collapsed move to Las Palmas and the bittersweet Worthington Cup final.
Click on the link below to listen and find previous editions with the likes of Garry Monk, Pep Clotet and Trevor Francis.
PODCAST:
You can subscribe to our podcast
Acast: https://www.acast.com/bluenoise
Director Ron Howard has revealed Hollywood star Tom Hanks wanted to make a special appearance in “Solo: A Star Wars Story”.
The 61-year-old veteran star was interested in playing a Stormtrooper in the recently released Han Solo stand-alone.
“Tom Hanks was interested in being a Stormtrooper. It would have been great. He was shooting and he just couldn't get there. But now that Lucasfilm knows that Tom Hanks is interested, I'm sure they'll work it out someday,” Howard told news website JOE.ie.
Hank has previously worked with Howard in “Splash”, “Apollo 13” and the “Da Vinci Code” trilogy.
In the past, James Bond star Daniel Craig made an as Stormtrooper cameo on “Star Wars: The Force Awakens”.
“Star Wars: The Last Jedi” was supposed to have cameos by Prince Harry and William and actor Tom Hardy all disguised as Stormtroopers, but unfortunately the appearances had to be chopped from the final cut.
Denis Lynch and Cian O'Connor completed a remarkable five days for Ireland at the Dublin Horse Show, with Lynch claiming runner-up spot in the curtain-closing Longines Grand Prix of Ireland, while Cian O'Connor scored his second win of the week in Sunday morning's Speed Stakes.
Denis Lynch and RMF Echo scored a runner-up finish in the Longines Grand Prix at the Dublin Horse Show (Photo: Sonya Hennessy)
Lynch was one of two Irish riders who made it through to the nine horse jump-off in the €200,000 feature five-star Grand Prix, where he partnered the 13-year-old stallion RMF Echo. He was drawn second last to go against the clock and came within a 10th of a second of beating Swiss rider Werner Muff who took the winners prize with Daimler.
Lynch crossed the line clear in 37.17 seconds and took home €40,000 for second place, while Muff's clear in 37.06 saw him collect €66,000. America's Bezzie Madden took the third place on the podium with Coach when clear in 37.25. Cork's Shane Sweetnam also made it through to the jump-off with Main Road but two fences down second time out saw them finish eighth.
Just a few hours earlier, Cian O'Connor and the 12-year-old stallion Copain du Perchet CH took victory in the Speed Championship, crossing the line clear in 65.29 seconds. It was the pair's second five-star win at the RDS this week having also come out on top in Saturday's Accumulator.
It was another Irish clean sweep of the podium places with Cork's Billy Twomey finishing as runner-up with the Irish Sport Horse Ardcolum Duke – 0.15 behind the winners time. Tipperary's Shane Breen finished third with Can Ya Makan ahead of Swiss rider Edwin Smits in fourth with Dandiego, Co Down's Dermott Lennon finished fifth with Vampire, while Greg Broderick (Charmeur) made it five Irish riders in the top six.
While victory in Friday's Aga Khan Trophy eluded Rodrigo Pessoa's team, Irish riders overall had an incredible run of results during the five days at the RDS – winning eight out of the nine individual five-star competitions. Daniel Coyle and Christopher Megahey shared victory in Saturday's Puissance, while Denis Lynch, Bertram Allen, Shane Breen also scored a win apiece. Cian O'Connor and Greg Broderick both recorded two victories each to complete a memorable week for Ireland in Ballsbridge. Broderick was also crowned Leading International Rider of the show.
Ireland's Lucinda Roche and WCE Falco (ISH) finish sixth at the FEI European Championships for Young Riders
Irish Young Rider Lucinda Roche and The Irish Sport Horse WCE Falco have finished sixth overall following the final round at the FEI European Championships for Young Riders (U21) at Samorin in Slovakia. The pair jumped a fantastic clear round in the first round of the final to move up to silver medal position. In the medal deciding round, Roche and WCE Falco were jumping clear until the penultimate fence however the middle part of the combination and final fence unfortunately fell to the floor to leave them on a final score of 15.11 penalties.
Switzerland's Bryan Balsiger took the gold medal with Germany's Justine Tebbel in Silver and Britain's Amy Inglis in Bronze.
Irish Young Rider, Junior and Children's Team Manager James Kernan said:
“Lucinda really performed brilliantly, it was a superb performance to finish sixth at a European championship. She was unlucky not to win a medal and was looking good until the last two fences. Our GAIN sponsored teams did us proud. Our Young Rider team finished just a fence outside the medal places. We were under pressure from the start with our Junior team when we were reduced to just three riders due to an injury but they all rode extremely well – as did our Children's team. These Championship has been a great experience for all our riders and will stand to them in the future.
“I want to say a special thanks to our sponsors, GAIN, TRM, Dubarry, Horseware, Berney Bros and Charles Owen who gave us so much support. Also I want to thank all the owners for making their horses available for these Championships.”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
SURPRISE, Ariz. -- As a rule, baseball players do not like meetings. Meetings are for the bourgeois, who conduct their business in stuffy boardrooms with boring power-point presentations.
The Rangers sat through their sixth different presentation and meeting of the spring Monday, cooped up inside their clubhouse for two hours on the most beautiful afternoon of spring training while hearing about market indicators and the like.
This is how Elvis Andrus described it:
"It was amazing. Everybody was engaged, especially the young guys. Their ears were open to learn about what's going on, what's happening right now, and I love it. I think that's we need, everybody to get more info about it and get involved."
The topic: The slow offseason free agent market and the propensity of teams that have seemingly decided to take a year or three off from competing to rebuild through "tanking," and how that might impact baseball going forward. It was their annual get-together with MLB Players Association executive director Tony Clark and his band of assistants.
Players are confused and concerned about what happened this winter on the free agent market. What happened is a whole lot of nothing. The market sat and sat and sat and nobody really budged. This is how bad it was: While Rangers fans complained about the team's lack of activity this winter, the Rangers were actually one of the more active teams. They signed six players - all pitchers - to major league contracts. They committed a grand total of $17.5 million on the bunch.
While Adrian Beltre arrived in camp announcing he could have been happier with the team's offseason moves, it's not the Rangers and their tread-water philosophy for the winter that has the union up in arms.
It's the number that weren't willing to spend even that much.
Teams have seen the last three World Series champions - Kansas City, the Chicago Cubs and Houston - emerge from long-term rebuilds with championship-caliber organizations. In an industry in which following the models of others is often the norm, the spread of the full-scale rebuilding teams has become alarming.
"The concern that has resonated in every clubhouse is that we appear to have a system in which upwards of a third of the teams are not as interested in competing as should be the case," Clark said. "When guys start talking about their particular teams or other teams, the acknowledgment that there are teams publicly acknowledging they are not interested in being the last team standing, that has resonated in every clubhouse. As a result, we are talking about what it is that we need to focus in on should this be the norm rather than the exception."
That sounds ominous.
Future Market Insights (FMI) has published a new report, which is titled, “Halal Cosmetics Market: Asia Pacific Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015 – 2020.”According to the report, the growing awareness among consumers about religious obligations has created a high demand for Halal products especially in the Asia Pacific region. This report thus studies the halal cosmetics market within the Asia Pacific region. According to report, the Asia Pacific halal cosmetics market is estimated to expand at a 9.9% CAGR between 2015 and 2020.
The growing awareness about transdermal nature of cosmetics is one of the key factors boosting the growth of the halal organic cosmetics market in Asia Pacific. The increase in the distribution and marketing channels as well as the high demand for organic vegan cosmetics will boost the growth of this market. The increased availability of color cosmetic variants will also aid in the growth of the market.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-ap-521
The report is a complete overview of the halal cosmetics market in Asia Pacific. It analyzes the various trends in the market that are expected to have an impact on the future of the halal cosmetics industry. The key opportunities within the market have also been analyzed in the report. The report also studies the various factors that are having a negative impact on the growth of the Asia Pacific Halal cosmetics market.
By product, the Halal cosmetics market is segmented into color cosmetics, fragrances, skin care, hair care. Eye care, lip care, face care, nail care are the sub segments of the color cosmetics segment. Of these the skin care segment is anticipated to gain a market share of 10 BPS through 2020. The color cosmetics is the leading segment and is estimated to account for 38% of the total market. The color cosmetics segment is anticipated to witness in increase of 60 BPS during the forecast period. This segment is likely to expand at a 10.2% CAGR from 2015 to 2020.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-ap-521
On the basis of geography the Asia Pacific Halal cosmetics market is segmented in East Asia, Southeast Asia, South Asia, and Oceania. Of these, Southeast Asia is anticipated to emerge as a dominant market for Halal cosmetics. The Southeast Asia region is estimated to expand at the fastest pace as compared to other areas of Asia Pacific. The report also states that South Asia is estimated to emerge as the second most attractive market for Halal cosmetics. Both these regions have a wide consumer base for Halal certified products.
Top players within the halal cosmetics market are taking efforts to launch newer products and extend the variety and product range. Leading players within the Asia Pacific Halal cosmetics market include: Wipro Unza, INIKA, Clara International, Martha Tilaar, Brataco Group Of Companies, Paragon Technology & Innovation, and Ivy Beauty Corporation Sdn Bhd. The report profiles the leading players and studies the business and financial overview of these companies. The key strategies adopted by these players are also revealed in the report. The recent developments by the players and information on partnerships, collaborations, and mergers and acquisitions are given in the report. The degree of competition and the collective shares accounted for, by top companies have been given in the study. The bargaining power of buyers and suppliers and the threat of substitute and new entrants are also analyzed.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/halal-cosmetics-market
Carter Page, former foreign policy adviser for the Trump campaign, speaks to the media after testifying before the House Intelligence Committee on Nov. 2, 2017 in Washington, D.C. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
This piece was originally published on Just Security, an online forum for analysis of U.S. national security law and policy.
On Friday, over the public opposition of the FBI, President Donald Trump declassified a document prepared by the staff of House Intelligence Committee Chair Rep. Devin Nunes. The memo promptly found its way into the hands of Trump-friendly outlets, Fox News and the Washington Examiner, while the rest of us had to wait a half hour to get our hands on it. But even leaving aside the partisan context, the memo largely fails to make the case that the FBI's decision to seek authorization to spy on Carter Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser on the Trump campaign, was unsupported or corrupt.
The memo makes two central allegations to advance the storyline that politically biased officials manipulated the foreign intelligence process to dig up dirt on the campaign:
• The Steele dossier formed an “essential part” of the FISA applications to initiate and continue surveillance of Page, and that the Justice Department failed to provide the court with pertinent information that undermined Christopher Steele's credibility; and
• The reason the DOJ failed to disclose this information to the court, the memo suggests, is that the officials involved in signing off on the FISA application, as well as other Justice Department officials involved, were themselves biased against Trump.
While containing plenty of information aimed at discrediting the trustworthiness of the Steele dossier, the Nunes memo fails to grapple with the standard for obtaining a FISA surveillance order. For an American like Page, the government had to demonstrate “probable cause” to believe he is an “agent of a foreign power” who is engaged in “clandestine intelligence gathering” that “may” involve a violation of U.S. criminal law.
Although often equated to the familiar probable because standard used to issue a regular warrant, the FISA standard is different because it focuses on the target's relationship with a foreign power—which is broadly defined to include not just governments, but also terrorist groups—not on any potential criminal acts. In other words, it is more nebulous to begin with.
Clearly, the Steele dossier painted Page as an important player in alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
But the key question—whether or not there was enough information to suspect Page of being an agent of Russia in October 2016—may have been answered well before Steele entered the picture. As the New York Times reported, the FBI investigated Page in 2013 because it had recordings of Russian intelligence officials talking about attempts to recruit him. The centrality of the Steele dossier to the Page FISA application is undermined by two other facts contained in the Nunes memo. First, the concession that the investigation of George Papadopolous began months before FISA surveillance of Page, presumably based on a tip from Australian officials as previously reported.
Second, the FISA Court repeatedly agreed to allow surveillance of Page to continue, months after questions about the Steele dossier were raised in the press.
In addition to sidestepping whether the FBI demonstrated probable cause when it came to Page, the Nunes memo misunderstands what it would take to meet that standard. It asserts that “the public's confidence in the integrity of the FISA process depends on the court's ability to hold the government to the highest standard—particularly as it relates to the surveillance of American citizens.” I have little doubt that FISA was scrupulously followed in a politically sensitive case like this one. But the standard itself is hardly as high as Nunes seems to believe.
While former government officials have emphasized that FISA surveillance applications are extensively documented, they arise in the context of foreign intelligence and counterintelligence, where courts are most deferential to the government. In 2014, the Intercept reported on the cases of five American Muslim men subjected to surveillance, cases which suggested that the FISA Court's standards may not be as rigorous as some might assume. One of the targets, Faisal Gill, held a top-secret security clearance and served in the Department of Homeland Security during the George W. Bush administration. He was investigated by DHS because he served in an organization with a man who pleaded guilty to an assassination. Although cleared of all wrongdoing, he was put under surveillance when he became a candidate for the Virginia legislature.
In an informative post over on Lawfare, Orin Kerr argues based on federal case law that it is unlikely that the government is legally obliged to provide the court with derogatory information about its informants. Of course, there is one major difference between federal courts and the FISA Court: The FISA Court's surveillance orders almost never see the light of day, and therefore cannot be challenged. The Nunes memo alludes to this issue, arguing that the FISA Court's ability to protect Americans' rights depends on the government producing to the court “all material and relevant facts,” which “should include information potentially favorable to the target of the FISA application that is known by the government.”
The argument that the FISA Court relies on the government to provide it with the right information so it can make the best decisions is one that certainly resonates with me. But it is hard to take this argument seriously when it comes from the same set of lawmakers who have ignored numerous publicly known instances where the National Security Agency misled the FISA Court about its Section 702 warrantless surveillance programs, especially when just last month they blocked efforts to add privacy protections for Americans. The suggestion that the government is obliged to disclose information favorable to the proposed target of surveillance is an intriguing one given the secret, ex-parte, and essentially unreviewable nature of FISA Court orders. It seems to be an attempt by Nunes to incorporate Brady defendant protections applicable in criminal trials at the surveillance stage, and I will be curious as to what criminal law experts think of this proposal.
The memo also details the involvement of individuals whom Nunes clearly perceives as biased against the president. It starts by listing all those who signed off on the surveillance applications for Page on behalf of the FBI and the DOJ. You might think that this rundown of the extent of senior oversight would be meant to reassure the reader: If the very top echelons of government personally signed off on a surveillance request, it must be serious. In this case, though, it is meant to show that the decks were stacked against Trump. Former FBI director James Comey and acting attorney general Sally Yates, both of whom Trump fired, signed off on the applications at certain points. Two others who have been the targets of Trump's wrath, FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe and deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein, also signed applications. It is hard to place too much importance on these signatures because the law stipulates which officers must sign FISA applications. Moreover, Dana Boente—who took over from Yates as acting deputy AG and was recently appointed the general counsel of the FBI—also approved one or more of the applications for Page.
Finally, the memo implies that another high-level Justice Department official—Bruce Ohr, who “worked closely” with Yates and Rosenstein—was also anti-Trump. According to the memo, Ohr's wife was employed by the same company, Fusion GPS, as Steele, and “assist[ed] in cultivation of opposition research on Trump.” This opposition research was later provided to the FBI by Ohr. Notably, the Nunes memo does not suggest that the FBI in any way relied on the information that originated with Ohr's wife or that it formed the basis of the FISA applications. Without further information, it is hard to know what influence, if any, this had on the FISA process.
At the end of day, the main takeaway from this memo is that the FISA Court repeatedly authorized surveillance on a Trump aide who was suspected of being a Russian agent. Perhaps the FBI and the Justice Department should have told the court more about Steele, or perhaps they did and Nunes failed to include that information in the memo. But for the most part, the memo doesn't describe a conspiracy to destroy Trump. Instead, it fulfills its transparent purpose of throwing mud on law enforcement agencies in the hopes of derailing the Mueller investigation and potentially purging the FBI and DOJ of those who might retain a shred of commitment to the law.
More from Just Security:
A Q&A on the Nunes Memo and Its Implications for the Russia Investigation
Talking Up a “Perjury Trap,” Trump's Team Prepares a Defense for the President
One more thing You depend on Slate for sharp, distinctive coverage of the latest developments in politics and culture. Now we need to ask for your support. Our work is more urgent than ever and is reaching more readers—but online advertising revenues don't fully cover our costs, and we don't have print subscribers to help keep us afloat. So we need your help. If you think Slate's work matters, become a Slate Plus member. You'll get exclusive members-only content and a suite of great benefits—and you'll help secure Slate's future. Join Slate Plus
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County are being linked with a move for former Manchester United midfielder Tosin Kehinde.
The Rams are thought to be facing competition with Nottingham Forest, Brentford, Reading and Queens Park Rangers for the 20-year-old.
Kehinde's contract at Old Trafford expired at the end of June, and was a regular in the club's under-23 side last season.
But who is the latest player linked with the Rams? We take a look back on the career of the promising midfielder.
Kehinde was born in Lagos, Nigeria and raised in the UK.
The 20-year-old is eligible to play for both England and Nigeria, but committed his future to the Super Eagles in April.
"Nigeria has always been a part of me. I was born there. My whole family are Nigerian. I come from a very strong Nigerian background so the influence has always been around me," Kehinde told BBC Sport back in April.
He added: "When you are growing up, when you see players like Jay Jay Okocha, how good he was and the current crop of players such as Alex Iwobi and Super Eagles captain, (Joshn) Mikel Obi, the desire to get the opportunity to play for Nigeria has always been there really."
Kehinde is a graduate of United's academy, and made his debut for the club's under-21 side in October 2014 - playing just five minutes in a 3-0 win over Wolves aged just 16.
The Manchester Evening News describes him as a player that "possesses a crisp range of passing and his versatility has helped him rack up the appearances".
Since then, he has gone on to 34 Premier League 2 appearances for United's under-23 side and scored his first goal for the club in a 5-3 defeat to Derby in February 2017.
The 20-year-old had an impressive campaign at Old Trafford last season, and was invited to train with Jose Mourinho's first-team squad in December.
He scored his second goal for the club in the under-23s' 2-2 draw with Chelsea last September, a strike which saw him earn a nomination for United's Goal of the Month award.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
Indeed, newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, he says Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A social media miscreat struck once again! This time, Bollywood actor Farhan Akhtar became a 'victim' of one such fake news. The actor found himself in a midst of a controversy after a message attributed to him started circulating on social media.
The malicious message read that the actor was justifying the death of those who were killed in the communal violence that erupted in Kasganj, Uttar Pradesh, on Republic Day.
The quote attributed to him says, "It was Jumma (Friday) on 26 January. Had Hindus not taken tiranga march through Muslim majority area of Kasganj and raised provocative slogans like Vande Mataram, they couldn't have been killed."
It turned out that Gaurav Pradhan, who tweeted about this, is a repeat offender and had earlier too been caught fake news with the objective of inciting communal hatred.
The damage was done as the said quote went viral on Twitter and on Facebook, and was being shared on a number of pages and groups where Akhtar is described as a 'jihadi.'
Of course, Farhan was quick to clarify and warn all his fans and followers about the fake news being circulated in his name.
He immediately took to Twitter and wrote a series of tweets that read...
. @TwitterIndia this is a malicious tweet with a statement that I did not make being ascribed to me. Kindly take necessary action against this user. https://t.co/wKuOUGOkhc — Farhan Akhtar (@FarOutAkhtar) January 30, 2018
To my followers and other users of this platform,
Please be very cautious about what you choose to believe on social media. There are sinister forces at work trying their best to foster hate. Be aware of it and do your research before believing and/or reacting to anything. — Farhan Akhtar (@FarOutAkhtar) January 30, 2018
The actor tweeted that he had never said what is being attributed to him by nefarious elements on social media, and urged his fans and followers to be cautious about what and what not to believe on social media.
On the work front, the actor recently walked out of Jigarthanda remake due to several logistical differences. The movie, which was supposed to hit the shooting floors by March, has been put on hold till the makers are able to find a really good replacement for the actor.
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment,
Brazilian President Michel Temer has opened an international conference on world water supplies in Brasilia, saying there is "no time to lose" to avoid disaster.
The conference opened on Monday hours after the United Nations issued its 2018 World Water Development Report warning that about 3.6 billion people, or half the world's population, already live in areas where water can be scarce at least one month a year.
That could rise to 5.7 billion people by 2050, the report said.
"There is simply no time to lose," Temer said in opening remarks at the 8th World Water Forum which runs all week in the Brazilian capital.
Brazilian President Michel Temer (L) delivers a speech during the opening ceremony of the 8th World Water Forum at Itamaraty Palace in Brasilia, on March 19, 2018. (Photo by AFP)
Under the slogan "sharing water," the forum brings together 15 heads of state and government, 300 mayors and dozens of experts. An estimated 40,000 people are expected to attend, organizers say.
Participants were meeting against the backdrop of the drama in Cape Town, which until earlier this month was projected to run out of water as early as July, forcing the closing of household taps and extreme rationing.
That crisis has now eased, with the local government saying that a campaign to bring 60 percent reduction in consumption has done enough to avert the shut-off.
"This is the consensus," Temer said. "Life on earth is threatened if we don't respect nature's limits."
It should come as no surprise that connected devices are vulnerable to hackers wishing to spy on you. TechSpot has pointed this out several times going all the way back to at least 2013. Webcams, nanny cams, smartphones, and even smart TVs can all be used to invade your home secretly. But what if you are being watched not so secretly? That adds a whole new level of creepiness to the scenario, and it is exactly what happened to one woman in the Netherlands.
According to TNW, Rilana Hamer purchased a cheap internet-connected surveillance camera from a convenience store so that she could look after her puppy with her smartphone while she was away. The device was easy to set up and did require a password to log in to it.
Once connected over WiFi, she could control the camera to a wide enough degree that she could see her whole living room. The camera was also fitted with a microphone and speaker for audio communication. She said it was “perfect” for her needs.
After using the device for about a month, it began to act strangely. Hamer thought she heard noises coming from her living room so went to check it out. When she entered, she saw the camera move. At first, she assumed the camera was glitching or updating, so she ignored it.
Later, she heard the noise again. This time when she went to investigate, the camera turned directly toward her and whispered, “Bonjour madame.”
She responded to the camera asking if someone was there as she moved around the room. The camera followed her every step. Then the voice inside the device said, “Bonjour madame, tout bien avec vous?” (Hello madam, is all good with you?)
At that point, Hamer ripped the camera off the wall and stuffed it back in its original packaging.
“I was full of fear and thought I was crazy,” she said on Facebook. “I'm being watched, but for how long? What has that person seen from me? My house, my personal possessions.”
Before returning the camera, she hooked it up one last time to both document the intrusion and to tell the creepy voice off with a few choice words (you can witness the exchange above).
Hammer has since returned the camera to Action (the store she bought it from), and they have sent it back to the supplier. A spokesperson for Action said that technicians would try to diagnose whether the breach occurred on the device or Hamer's network.
Neither Hamer nor Action mentioned the name of the manufacturer of the device. So far there have been no other reported incidents of this nature since the camera's launch back in May.
Top US business group says Trump's Nafta stance ‘dangerous'
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
A local man was arrested on burglary and assault charges after a caller reported to authorities seeing a man driving a lawn mower, carrying several gun cases.
McCracken County Sheriff's Department deputies responded to the call in the area of Fairview Drive, and found 25-year-old Timothy Sams of Paducah, who they say was driving the mower. Deputies say he told them he owned all the items he had with him on the mower, but that a wallet he had "clearly did not belong to him."
Investigators followed up with the owner of the wallet, who they say didn't realize it had been taken from inside the garage attached to his home on Gatewood Drive.
Deputies learned a home on Palisades Circle had also been broken into, and the owner gave detailed descriptions of guns, cases, jewelry, and other belongings that were taken. They say those item descriptions matched items Sams had.
Investigators say they found multiple items that had fallen off the mower stretching between the home that was broken into and where Sams was found. Deputies say Sams made it a half mile away from the home on the mower — which was also stolen from that home — before it ran out of gas.
Deputies say Sams tried to run away while he was being arrested, hitting a deputy in the face.
He was arrested, and jailed in the McCracken County Regional Jail.
Sams was charged with first degree burglary, resisting arrest, and third degree assault.
The sheriff's department says it expects additional burglary charges to be made against Sams, regarding other burglaries.
AMS: Strong growth resulted from new consumer business in 3D sensing and advanced light sensing / Picture: © Vindobona
This very strong growth resulted from new consumer business in 3D sensing and
advanced light sensing in particular.
Based on increases in revenue pipeline visibility, ams is excited to announce
the increase of its revenue growth expectation for 2016-2019 to 60% compound
annual growth rate (CAGR), combined with an adjusted EBIT margin target of 30%
from 2019 onwards. The substantial upward change, which translates into 2019
expected revenues of more than EUR 2.2 billion, is particularly driven by a
range of revenue pipeline opportunities in smartphone and consumer applications
that are clearly coming into view. Resulting from structural growth in sensing,
this includes programs in 3D, optical and spectral sensing, among others, as
well as attractive growth contributions from ams' automotive, industrial and
medical business.
ams will publish financial information for fiscal year and fourth quarter 2017
on 6 February 2018 before market open as previously announced.
###
About ams
ams is a global leader in the design and manufacture of advanced sensor
solutions. Our mission is to shape the world with sensor solutions by providing
a seamless interface between humans and technology.
ams' high-performance sensor solutions drive applications requiring small form
factor, low power, the highest sensitivity and multi-sensor integration. Products
include sensor solutions, sensor ICs, interfaces and related software for
consumer, communications, industrial, medical, and automotive markets.
With headquarters in Austria, ams employs 11,000 people globally and serves more
than 8,000 customers worldwide. ams is listed on the SIX Swiss stock exchange
(ticker symbol: AMS). More information about ams can be found at www.ams.com
The Pulitzer Prize winner will discuss the world's energy trends on Oct. 12 at Campbell Hall
UCSB Arts & Lectures will present Pulitzer Prize-winning energy expert Daniel Yergin in a free public lecture based on his influential new book, The Quest — Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World, at 8 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 12 at UCSB Campbell Hall.
Fukushima. Persian Gulf oil. Climate change. While energy concerns weave through the events that make the headlines daily — and keep us up at night — not everyone can make sense of their tangled threads.
But Yergin, one of the world's most influential voices on global energy, clearly explains its powerful connections. In his engaging talk, Yergin will dynamically address the energy trends that will shape the world and drive us into the future.
Walter Isaacson, president of The Aspen Institute, said of Yergin's new tome: “This is one book you must read to understand the future of our economy and our way of life.”
Yergin received a Pulitzer Prize for his previous book, The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money and Power.
Admission to the lecture is free. There will be a book signing immediately after the lecture. For more information, click here or call 805.893.3535.
— Karna Hughes is a senior writer and publicist for UCSB Arts & Lectures.
By Abby Hassler
Twitter is currently ablaze with fan theories that Beyoncé in currently in labor. While most fans know that Queen Bey and Jay-Z should be expecting their twins any day now, The Shade Room shared an anonymous tip alleging the couple was spotted at a Los Angeles Hospital yesterday (June 13).
Related: Beyoncé Looks Magnificent at African-Themed Baby Shower
“Beyonce's security was seen leaving her Beverly Hills home this morning carrying two baby seats to a hospital in West LA,” the insider confirmed to Hollywood Life . “Bey and Jay's large security team, including three well-staffed Escalades, are now waiting outside the hospital for the arrival of the twins.”
Since yesterday, multiple sources have confirmed to Us Weekly that there is significant security presence at a L.A. hospital, which further solidifies the labor rumors.
Whether or not she actually is in labor, her supporters are certainly having fun speculating about the possibility.
Check out the fantastic BeyHive responses to the labor rumors below.
Reports are surfacing that @Beyonce could be in labor right now 😭 https://t.co/GteJxtSuI5 —
Juan Hustle (@JuanHustle) June 14, 2017
ppl are saying bey is in labor!!! god bless!!! #BeyHiveSupportsBeyonce https://t.co/bTGECl3p1e —
will see h! (@onairstyles) June 13, 2017
Beyoncé is in labor. the twins are on their way. https://t.co/mmLUfGeKaH —
justin lewis (@justinleewis) June 13, 2017
Beyoncé is in labor which means I'm in labor too sorry I can't study today I gotta lay in bed all day https://t.co/aPvqTzHX8A —
Luke (@LucaIdek) June 13, 2017
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- New allegations are coming to light about an embattled doctor who spent six years treating young patients at Children's Mercy Hospital.
Mark Hoeltzel is facing a criminal investigation after getting his medical license suspended in Michigan.
Now, Children's Mercy Hospital is investigating the history of Hoeltzel. The pediatric rheumatologist worked at the hospital between 2007 and 2013. Before that, the doctor faced allegations of sexual misconduct and was forced to take a “boundaries class.”
“There are those relationships that are formed between someone with a position of power and someone who trusts them. Unfortunately, that type of power dynamic is the perfect condition for somebody to be taken advantage of,” said Jessica Agnelly, associate attorney with the Wendt Law Firm.
Agnelly is a personal injury attorney who handles a lot of cases related to sexual harassment. She's not directly involved in Hoeltzel's investigation but said situations like it have a common thread.
With the current climate and ongoing “Me Too” movement, there's growing awareness of how to recognize when a person in power is taking advantage of a trusting relationship.
“I always say that if you have a gut feeling or reason to believe that something's happened -- when it comes to a child, a child cannot consent to anything," Agnelly said. "So when it's a child, it's a no-brainer. You make that report because you'd rather be safe than sorry."
The state of Michigan used evidence from two instances to suspend Hoeltzel's medical license. In both instances, there were allegations of flirtatious and suggestive conduct, including text message and email exchanges with patients.
Hoeltzel is not yet facing criminal charges, but the allegations in Michigan are now prompting Children's Mercy to do a thorough review of his interactions with patients in Kansas City.
One former patient said she now questions her own interactions with the doctor.
The young woman, who asked not to be identified, said she grew close with Hoeltzel in her teen years. But at a few points, the message exchanges seemed to go too far. He invited her to come visit in Michigan and repeatedly asked for pictures of her.
“I just want other girls to step up now because clearly he was abusing his power," she told FOX4. "I just worry he was like this with other girls, and they were scared to come forward because they trusted him.”
Agnelly said that kind of self-doubt is extremely common in victims. The best thing to do is report any concerns to authorities so it can be investigated.
“Even if you believe statute has run for criminal charges, you have to make that report because there has to be documented evidence of a violation of this person," Agnelly said. "When somebody's hired on to a facility and there's no paper trail of what's happened in the past, that facility may have an out later and say, 'Well, we didn't know. There's nothing to suggest in the records there was something wrong with this person.'”
The former patient who spoke with FOX4 admitted she blew off some of the messages from Hoeltzel at the time and tried to see past the innuendos. But following the allegations that surfaced this week, she has no doubts of his intentions.
“Seeing this happened with other patients, I honestly don't want him near another pediatric patient ever again,” she said.
Children's Mercy sent a letter to Hoeltzel's former patients to make them aware of the case. The former patient FOX4 talked with said she plans to turn over all message exchanges to Children's Mercy to assist in their investigation.
Attorneys caution to never sign anything from a location where an offense occurred because that could potentially give away rights before you have a change to pursue any kind of legal action.
With rising usage of online banking and increasing concerns about critical data security, the demand for effective, reliable, and efficient data transfer will continue to gain traction. The global managed file transfer (MFT) software and service market registered the revenues worth 1.15 Bn in 2015, which may spike up to US$ 1.22 Bn by 2016 end.
With expansion of online banking, the threat of cyber-attacks, information and device theft, hacking, phishing, and other security-related issues will continue to emerge. The online banking realm is rapidly thriving in developed as well as developing economies, fuelling the market for managed file transfer. This is anticipated to remain a key factor pushing the market growth. Considered to be a faster, transparent, more reliable, and more secure alternative for intra as well as inter-organisational transfer of heavy confidential data, managed file transfer (MFT) software and services is being increasingly preferred since the recent past. This will remain a major driver to the MFT software and service market.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2555
In addition, banking, financial institutions, and defence organisations wherein safety, security, and privacy of information are of paramount, are also expected to fuel the demand for effective MFT solution deployment. Moreover, appropriate MFT solutions further aid in avoidance of loss of data during transfer, fostering the adoption by financial, defence, manufacturing, telecom, entertainment, and other sectors. Technological advancements in MFT software are likely to continue applications in several business verticals, eventually pushing the market for managed file transfer on a global level. Growing popularity and procurement of cloud-based MFT solutions is a current market trend, predicted to generate strong growth opportunities in near future.
On the basis of software, system-centric file transfer software segment is anticipated to dominate other two segments, including people-centric and extreme file transfer segments. The system-centric MFT segment will possibly account for over 62% share of the entire market revenues in 2016, followed by people-centric MFT segment, expected to witness nearly 4.0% of Y-o-Y growth in 2017 over 2016.
By service, the global managed file transfer software and service market will witness continued dominance of maintenance segment.
Based on end-user vertical, the market is currently witnessing the highest growth in the banking, financial services, and insurance (BFSI) sector. The demand from BFSI vertical is predicted to remain the highest, generating the maximum revenues to the global market. This growth is primarily attributed to the dynamically evolving BFSI sector and an exploding need for maintaining safety, security, and privacy of confidential data.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2555
Geographically, the global market for MFT software and service is segmented into seven key regions. However, North America is foreseen to remain the dominant market owing to the maximum deployment of technically superior file transfer solutions in a large number of businesses. This region will contribute nearly 45% share to the market revenues in 2016, followed by Western Europe with over 26% share. APAC is expected to witness the fastest growth, followed by Latin America.
IBM Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Wipro Limited, Aspera (an IBM company), Accellion, TIBCO, The Axway Inc., Software AG, CA Technologies Inc., GlobalSCAPE Inc., Signiant Inc., Hightail, SWIFT, and Micro Focus (Attachmate) are some of the key players operating in the global MFT software and service marketplace. A few other notable companies in the competitive landscape include Data Expedition, Saison Information Systems, FileCatalyst, Attunity (RepliWeb), and Primeur.
Long-term Outlook: The global managed file transfer software and service market is anticipated to expand at a moderate CAGR of 6% during 2016-2025. By 2025 end, the market will attain a value of around US$ 2.07 Bn.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/managed-file-transfer-software-and-service-market
GIANT CATCH: Mick Kopittke reeled in this 123cm Murray cod on Easter Saturday.
IN ALL the years Mick Kopittke has been fishing, he's never had a catch this big.
Mr Kopittke spent Easter Saturday fishing with friends in Pindari Dam near Goondiwindi.
He is an avid fisher, catching about 70 cod this year alone but his catch on Saturday was his biggest yet.
Mr Kopittke reeled in a Murray cod weighing 24 kilograms and 123 centimetres in length.
It was so big he had to lean over the boat to reel it in as it pulled away.
"When cod see the boat they usually go crazy trying to get away and this is what this one did," he said.
"I didn't realise it was so big until it reached the surface - I was shaking trying to get it in the boat.
"It's the biggest one I've ever seen or caught. It was pretty awesome.
"So many people were coming over to us and taking photos with it."
Mr Kopittke let the fish back into the dam after taking an obligatory photo with it.
"If I catch about 10 cod in a day, I might only keep a small one. The smaller they are the tastier they are anyway," he said.
"I don't generally keep them. I just enjoy fishing with my mates."
peter and the wolf
Peter and the Wolf by Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev is a story in music for narrator and orchestra. Considered the greatest piece of classical music ever written for children, Peter and the wolf teaches the listener about the instruments in the symphony orchestra by relating them to characters in the story. For example, in “Peter and the Wolf” the ducks' theme is played by an oboe, the cat's theme is played by a clarinet, the grandfather's theme is played by the bassoon, the wolf's theme is played by the timpani drums, and lastly, Peter's theme is played by the strings in the orchestra.
The best recording of Peter and the Wolf is from Maestro Classics and the London Philharmonic Orchestra with narrator Yadu and conductor Stephen Simon. This is the only known recording that includes a complete instrumental version of “Peter and the Wolf” in addition to the story in music with narration. The Maestro Classics CD/MP3 contains extra educational tracks with the conductor of the orchestra, a music and history lesson about Peter and the Wolf & Sergei Prokofiev, a guest performance of “Peter and the Wolf” and “Kalinka” (a traditional Russian folk song) by Trio Voronezh, and a 24-page activity book for kids.
Future Market Insights delivers key insights on the global retread tires market in its latest report titled ‘Retread Tires Market: Global Industry Analysis (2013 – 2017) and Opportunity Assessment 2018 –2028.' The long-term outlook of the global retread tires market remains positive and the market value is expected to increase at a CAGR of 4.6% during the forecast period (2018 – 2028). Among the end use segments of the retread tires market, the heavy commercial vehicles segment is expected to expand with a significant CAGR in terms of value as well as volume over the forecast period. The global sales of retread tires is estimated to be valued at US$ 8,684.9 Mn by the end of 2018. The China retread tires market is estimated to account for a value share of 29.6% in the global retread tires market by 2018 end and is anticipated to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period. In this report, Future Market Insights throws light on the drivers and restraints likely to impact revenue growth of the retread tires market during this period.
Increasing Automotive Production and Vehicle Parc to Drive Market Revenue Growth
Sales of retread tires is directly related to vehicle parc and vehicle production. Despite unstable economic conditions in the market in the recent past, the global automotive industry has witnessed satisfactory growth. Automotive production is anticipated to increase with a modest CAGR of 3%–3.5% during the forecast period. Automotive production is expected to be higher in emerging economies as compared to that in developed economies. This can mainly be attributed to increasing urbanisation and stable economic conditions in these regions. During the forecast period, the fleet on road is also expected to rise with a modest CAGR, thereby providing marginal opportunities for the growth of the retread tires market over the forecast period.
A sample of this report is available upon request @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3657
Global Retread Tires Market: Segmentation Analysis
The global retread tires market can be segmented on the basis of vehicle type into passenger car, light commercial vehicle, heavy commercial vehicle and off road vehicle. On the basis of vehicle type, the heavy commercial vehicle segment is anticipated to continue to dominate the global market in terms of value over the forecast period. The demand for retread tires in heavy commercial vehicles is estimated to grow at a relatively high CAGR as compared to other vehicle types over the forecast period. This segment is expected to represent a total incremental opportunity of US$ 2,228.1 Mn between 2018 and 2028.
Global Retread Tires Market: Regional Market Projections
The China retread tires market is expected to represent a significantly high incremental opportunity between 2018 and 2028, while the South East Asia & Pacific retread tires market is projected to expand at a significant CAGR in terms of volume over the forecast period. Sales of retread tires in South East Asia & Pacific is expected to represent a total incremental opportunity of US$ 469.6 Mn between 2018 and 2028.
Global Retread Tires Market: Vendor Landscape
The report highlights some of the top companies operating in the global retread tires market such as Bridgestone Corporation, The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Marangoni S.p.A., MICHELIN, MRF Tyres JK Tyres, Easters Treads, Nokian Tyres plc, Kraiburg Austria Gmbh & Co.Kg, Pilipinas Kai Rubber Corporation.
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @
by Joy Gipson TRINIDAD — Lorrie Andrews, an artist from Monahans, TX is this month's featured artist at the Corazon Gallery, 149 E. Main Street, in Trinidad Andrews has been studying art and creating artwork since she was a high school student in the late 1970's, back when vinyl record album covers were creative pieces
SQUAMISH, B.C. — Search and rescue crews were to continue searching through the night for three hikers reported missing at Shannon Falls Provincial Park near Squamish, B.C.
Squamish RCMP say the three people were swimming in one of the pools on Tuesday afternoon at the top of Shannon Falls with a group of friends when they slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below.
Corp. Sascha Banks says in a statement that teams from several agencies have been searching for the trio but have not yet spotted the hikers in the pool system.
Banks says the "terrain is difficult, very dangerous, and the water flow is heavy which is complicating the search."
Colliers India NCR Facilities Management (FM) Team further strengthened its market position by securing a project with Tata Housing. This latest Property Management project for Tata called ‘Gurgaon Gateway' located at sector 112, Gurgaon is ~8,50,000 sq.ft. The ‘Gurgaon Gateway' project sets a new benchmark for luxurious living and modern architecture and has an incredible amount of green cover inspired by the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.
Colliers International India has been managing multiple residential projects of Tata, across India. In a very short span of time, the Colliers FM team has proven its capabilities and through continuous service excellence, the team has managed to acquire the Gurgaon Gateway project as well.
“Our market intelligence, expertise and drive to work towards consistent improvement on service delivery has enabled us to grow with our existing clients and increase our clientele. We are confident to further nurture our expertise and aim to set a new standard of Facilities Management, not just in NCR, but across India”, said Jaswant Singh I Director (NCR) I Facilities Management I Colliers International India.
Montecito Bank & Trust is pleased to announce that Suzi Schomer has joined the bank as a vice president and business development officer, reporting to Jeff Pittman, senior vice president and director of Wealth Management.
“Suzi has spent her career assisting individuals, families, business owners, private foundations and charitable organizations, and her expertise will prove to be valuable for Montecito Bank & Trust clients,” Pittman said. “The knowledge and experience she brings will make our outstanding Wealth Management team even stronger.”
Schomer has more than 30 years of experience in financial services, with expertise in investment and asset management working with local Central Coast clients and in the Portland, Ore., and Austin, Texas, markets. Her experience also includes the successful development and implementation of wealth management strategies for multifaceted, complex trust, investment management and private banking clients.
“Montecito Bank & Trust is dedicated to providing our clients with complete wealth solutions and a world-class experience,” President and Chief Executive Officer Janet Garufis said. “Suzi's experience and commitment to the community make her a perfect addition to our talented Wealth Management group. We are excited to add another great team member who will help make the communities we serve better places to live and work.”
Schomer has been an active volunteer in the Santa Barbara area for more than two decades. She is completing her term as foreman of the 2012-13 Santa Barbara County Grand Jury, and she serves as secretary for both the Santa Barbara Trust for Historic Preservation and the Channel City Club, and treasurer for the Santa Barbara Cemetery Association.
Schomer is also a board member of the Foundation for Santa Barbara City College and is on the Planned Giving and United for Literacy committees for United Way. Previously, she served on Planned Giving committees for the Music Academy of the West, Direct Relief International, Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care and the Storyteller Children's Center.
She received her bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of Southern California, and lives in Santa Barbara.
Montecito Bank & Trust's Wealth Management Division provides full investment management as well as trust and estate services for all branch markets. The bank has branches in Santa Barbara, Goleta, Solvang, Montecito, Carpinteria, Ventura and Westlake Village, with a second Goleta branch now open at Storke Road and Hollister Avenue. The bank offers a variety of competitive deposit and lending solutions for businesses and consumers including: business loans and lines of credit, commercial real estate finance, SBA loans, consumer loans, credit cards, merchant services, online banking, mobile banking, and cash management.
Montecito Bank & Trust, an S Corporation, is a locally owned community bank founded in 1975. It is known for its ongoing support of the community through unique giving programs like Anniversary GrantsSM and Community Dividends, which annually gifts $1 million to more than 150 local nonprofits.
— Carolyn Tulloh is the director of marketing for Montecito Bank & Trust.
