Warning: Distressing content
A woman has revealed how her father tortured her as a child to try and turn her into a "superhuman".
When she was just eight years old, Maude Julien was forced to grab hold of an electric fence twice a week without betraying any sign of pain or emotion.
Trapped at her "insane, alcoholic" father's isolated mansion in Northern France, Julien was subjected to his experiments to try and create the "ultimate survivor", according to the Daily Mail.
Advertisement
Maude Julien, now 60, revealed she was physically and emotionally abused by her paranoid father Louis Didier. Photo / YouTube
She'd routinely be locked in a rat-infested cellar to "meditate about death" and was forced to take brutal endurance tests which could range from being held over the edge of a cliff, to being forced to down whisky and walk in a straight line.
Julien, whose mother also lived with them, wasn't even allowed a hug, as human contact was banned.
She says that the compassion and warmth she learned were from her animal companions; her dog and two ponies.
"I really think that, without my animals, I wouldn't be alive today," she told the New York Post. "They gave me physical contact and warmth because nobody [in my family] was allowed to touch each other in the house."
Julien, now 60, spent 18 years being physically and emotionally abused by her paranoid father Louis Didier, according to her new memoir The Only Girl in the World.
"He was most definitely insane and an alcoholic,'" she said of Didier, who she said was in a Freemasonry cult that dabbled in the occult.
Didier believed the world was going to end and that he needed to train his daughter to become the Savior who would lead an uprising against evil.
Julien revealed how her father had adopted her mother Jeannine when she was just six years old, and groomed her to become his wife.
Jeannine gave birth to Julien in 1957, and Didier, who became rich by selling transport stock after World War II, began putting her through his twisted experiments to try and create a "superhuman".
The tests could be physical or mental.
In one, she was forced to slaughter livestock. She was regularly forced to grab hold of an electric fence without showing any pain.
"I held on with both hands, and it was most important to show no reaction at the moment of the power surges," she told The Post. "I had to stay impassive.'"
To this day, Julien still carries the mental and physical scars her father left her with. She has liver damage from all the alcohol her father forced on her as a young child.
Julien, now 60, spent 18 years being physically and emotionally abused by her paranoid father Louis Didier, according to her new memoir The Only Girl in the World.
She says she was also sexually abused by a labourer on her father's estate from the ages of 3 to 13.
She would escape from the horrors of her childhood through books and became an avid reader - her favorite being The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas.
But it would be years until she was finally free of her father for real.
In 1972, Didier allowed music tutor, Andre Molin to come to the estate to teach her to play the accordion and piano. She says that he visited her for three years, slowly gaining her father's trust, and encouraging him to let him teach her at his shop in town.
When she was 18, Didier agreed to let her marry a musician she met at the music classes on condition that she left him after six months - and returned to the house a virgin.
But as soon as she married, Julien seized the opportunity and fled. Forever.
Didier died in 1981 at age 79.
Julien went on to live a full life, remarrying and having two daughters. She is now a grandmother living in Paris.
She has also undergone intense therapy to overcome her traumatic childhood and is now a psychiatrist with patients of her own.
Julien says writing her memoir was still a harrowing experience, which triggered flashbacks, but was also therapeutic. She had also wanted to create "an escape manual".
The book is dedicated to her mother who Julien remains estranged from.
"She is a victim and I sent the book to her with a note," she said. "She didn't react directly but I heard through intermediaries that she was afraid and wasn't happy I wrote it."
GE merges power units as executive who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking
Media Contact
Kathryn Ryan
914-740-2250
kryan@liebertpub.com Kathryn Ryan914-740-2250
End
-- What factors determine nomophobia, otherwise known as smartphone separation anxiety, and what behaviors and descriptors can help identify people with high nomophobia who tend to perceive smartphones as their extended selves? A new study that compares how people with high and low nomophobic tendencies perceive and value their smartphones is published in, a peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers (http://www.liebertpub.com/). The article is available free on thewebsite.The article entitled "Understanding Nomophobia: Structural Equation Modeling and Semantic Network Analysis of Smartphone Separation Anxiety (http://online.liebertpub.com/doi/full/10.1089/cyber.2017.0113)"was coauthored by Seunghee Han and Jang Hyun Kim, PhD, Sungkyunkwan University, Seoul, Republic of Korea and Ki Joon Kim, PhD, City University of Hong Kong, Kowloon. The researchers developed a model that identified a link between factors such as personal memories and user's greater attachment to their smartphones, leading to nomophobia and a tendency to phone proximity-seeking behavior."Nomophobia, fear of missing out (FoMo), and fear of being offline (FoBo)--all anxieties born of our new high-tech lifestyles—may be treated similarly to other more traditional phobias. Exposure therapy, in this case turning off technology periodically, can teach individuals to reduce anxiety and become comfortable with periods of disconnectedness,"says Editor-in-Chief Brenda K. Wiederhold, PhD, MBA, BCB, BCNInteractive Media Institute, San Diego, California and Virtual Reality Medical Institute, Brussels, Belgium.is an authoritative peer-reviewed journal published monthly online with Open Access options and in printthat explores the psychological and social issues surrounding the Internet and interactive technologies. Complete tables of contents and a sample issue may be viewed on thewebsite.Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers ( http://www.liebertpub.com/ ) is a privately held, fully integrated media company known for establishing authoritative peer-reviewed journals in many promising areas of science and biomedical research, including Games for Health Journal, Telemedicine and e-Health, andJournal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology. Its biotechnology trade magazine, GEN (Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News), was the first in its field and is today the industry's most widely read publication worldwide. A complete list of the firm's 80 journals, books, and newsmagazines is available on the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers website.140 Huguenot St., New Rochelle, NY 10801-5215Phone:(914) 740-2100 (800) M-LIEBERT Fax: (914) 740-2101
A trip north will put a spring in your step on the Equinox.
It's hard to believe given the weather we've had over the last few days, but today, March 20, is officially the Equinox and first day of spring. If that isn't reason enough to smile, it's also International Day of Happiness.
So where in the world could you feel happiest right now? According to the UN's World Happiness Report published last week, Finland ranks number one in the positivity stakes – followed by Norway, Denmark, Iceland and Sweden.
Happiness, therefore, is a holiday in the Nordic regions, and here's why….
1. It's Christmas every day in Rovaniemi, the capital of Finnish Lapland, where Santa Claus lives with his elves.
(Steve Parsons/PA)
2. It's official – there's freedom to roam. The Everyman's Law, observed in Finland, Norway, Iceland and Sweden, gives the public access to wilderness areas for exercise and fun.
3. Aside from Denmark, all these countries sit in the aurora oval – meaning Northern Lights displays can be awesome.
The aurora in Iceland (Renato Granieri/PA)
4. Michelin stars are a badge of honour in these parts. For many years, Copenhagen's Noma was considered the world's top restaurant.
5. Moomin mania can be traced back to Finland, where author and illustrator Tove Jansson lived and worked. Opened last year, the Moomin Museum in Tampere houses her best work.
6. In summer, in some parts, 24-hour daylight results in more time to hike, sauna, party and explore.
7. Fashion is at the forefront. Some of the edgiest, minimalist labels were born here – from high street favourite H&M, to leather and catwalk king Acne Studios.
8. The wildlife is wondrous. Head to Norway's Arctic archipelago Svalbard for polar bears, find orcas off the coast of Tromsø, see puffins in Iceland's Westfjords, track musk ox in Norway's Dovrefjell-Sunndalsfjella National Park, and spy on brown bears in Finnish Lapland.
9. From the Pori Jazz Festival in Finland, to Airwaves in Iceland – the music scene is super cool.
10. There's space – and lots of it. Less that 350,000 people live in Iceland, and in some places you're more likely to rub shoulders with sheep.
© Press Association 2018
Creditors of failed menswear retailer Meccano are likely to be more than $5 million out-of-pocket after liquidators revealed the company has debts of $5.8m but assets of $490,000.
Workers, too, look likely to miss out on money owed to them.
Meccano faced financial difficulties, including costly leases, with only three months of profitable trading after De Vere Investments purchased and took over the business in February 2016, the liquidators' report says.
Westpac bank will receive a chunk of the $588,000 it is owed but $89,000 owed to workers and $90,000 Inland Revenue will likely not be paid.
Advertisement
The retailer also owes unsecured creditors $5.1m, $2.5m of that in trade creditor claims, $104,000 in employee entitlements and related-party payables of $2.6m.
KordaMentha liquidator Neale Jackson said there was no surplus in the administration, but it was too early to say if creditors would receive money owed.
"Unsecured creditors would only receive money if there are recoveries that we can make in the liquidation," Jackson said.
"We would expect to be able to report to creditors on those prospects in our next report which will be filed in six months' time."
Jackson and Grant Graham were appointed liquidators on Monday.
Meccano ceased trading in February when it was placed into voluntary administration.
Meccano managing director Vere Sharma told the Herald in February he was disappointed but the decision to put it into voluntary administration had not been made lightly.
"I'm committed to the clothing industry, and have been for 30 years," he said.
Despite an enormous amount of effort from staff, Sharma said Meccano was unable to adapt fast enough to what had been a trying time for many mall-based retailers.
De Vere Investments owns other fashion labels including Ruby and Liam. Sharma said his other business dealings were not affected by issues with Meccano.
Meccano had 12 retail stores throughout New Zealand and an online store.
April 20 Czech betting firm Fortuna Entertainment Group Nv
* Fortuna says, on Templeton legal action, court will announce its decision on Monday, April 24 after close of markets
* says first hearing was held before the Enterprise Division of the Amsterdam Court of Appeals on Thursday
* Group of shareholders, advised by Templeton, has filed an application for an injunction to halt the proposed acquisition of Romanian businesses from Penta Investments, Fortuna's biggest stakeholder
* Fortuna has asked court to reject Templeton request
* Fortuna plans April 26 EGM to approve acquisitions
* Penta has offered to buy out minority shareholders at a discount and take the company off the market Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK The Federal Reserve could begin shrinking its $4.5-trillion balance sheet as soon as this year, earlier than most economists expect, New York Fed President William Dudley said on Friday in the central bank's most definitive comments on the question that looms over financial markets.
The hawkish-sounding assertion temporarily pushed the dollar lower and raised yields on longer-dated bonds, and added Dudley's influential voice to at least three other officials at the Fed eyeing a prompt end to a crisis-era policy.
"It wouldn't surprise me if some time later this year or some time in 2018, should the economy perform in line with our expectations, that we will start to gradually let the securities mature rather than reinvesting them," Dudley, a close ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen, said on Bloomberg TV.
A couple hours later James Bullard, president of the St. Louis Fed, repeated his preference for the central bank to begin shedding its mortgage- and Treasury-backed bonds immediately.
Economists polled by Reuters and by the Fed itself generally expect the process to start some time next year, a move anticipated to raise market yields as the world's largest holder of U.S. government debt edges back from the market.
The Fed amassed the record amount of assets in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession in three rounds of "quantitative easing" meant to stimulate investment, hiring and economic growth. It is no longer buying additional bonds, but it is topping up the portfolio when assets mature.
The Fed's official plan is to begin letting the bonds naturally roll off - not necessarily sell them - once its interest-rate hikes are "well underway". That is intended to shrink the portfolio to an unspecified lower level, though probably not to the pre-crisis level of around $900 billion.
Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester and John Williams of the San Francisco Fed have also backed shrinking the portfolio this year. But Dudley, a permanent voting member of the Fed's policy committee, often paves the way for broader policy decisions and his New York Fed manages the balance sheet for the central bank.
Dudley said the bond run-off would be "passive" and done "in the background," though he added that it could influence the pace with which the Fed continues to raise rates.
"If we start to normalize the balance sheet, that's a substitute for short-term rate hikes because it would also work in the direction of tightening financial conditions," he said. "If and when we decide to begin to normalize the balance sheet we might actually decide at the same time to take a little pause in terms of raising short-term interest rates."
Neel Kashkari, head of the Minneapolis Fed and among the most dovish policymakers, acknowledged at a local banking conference that there is interest among his colleagues to shrink the portfolio "in a gradual and predictable way."
A Reuters poll found that economists at primary dealers were split over whether the Fed would announce its plans this year or next, with the actual shedding of bonds some time later. The New York Fed's most recent poll found Wall Street banks expect no change to the balance sheet until mid-2018.
The central bank hiked rates a notch in mid-March, its second tightening in three months, and it plans to move about twice more this year according to its forecasts.
Dudley, in the TV interview, said "a couple more hikes this year would seem reasonable," and that the Fed could do a little more or less depending on the economic data.
Bullard, another dovish policymaker who was addressing a students' conference in New York, said he could back perhaps one more hike this year but added "this is not an environment that data is screaming at the Fed that it has to move."
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Additional reporting by Ann Saphir in Minneapolis; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham man is encouraging people to get to know their neighbours better.
Martin Graham is launching a campaign called Permission to Smile in a bid to stop people from “keeping themselves to themselves” and encourage them get out there and meet people.
He has been working with street associations for the past seven years in Birmingham and believes our frenetic lifestyles and fear of reaching out to each other is having a huge impact on society, leaving many people feeling lonely and isolated.
“It's not that people don't want community, the majority do,” says Martin, a father of four from Edgbaston.
“But it just feels inappropriate to reach out to others. People don't generally greet people they don't know and they don't know their neighbours.
“The ‘keep yourself to yourself' mentality has crept in over the years.
“When I was a child, it wasn't the case, but I think suspicion has come in in a big way.
“The trouble is people feel they are being marketed at or manipulated so if someone smiles or approaches them they tend to think what do you want, or those approaching think that's what the other person is likely to think.
“People's social networks are getting smaller and it's diminishing their confidence to reach out to each other.
“For younger people, their social media networks may be huge with 350 Facebook friends but do they actually know many of them?
“Many people only have two or three people in their lives, perhaps a daughter, a mother and a friend who lives down in Dorset.
“There are a lot of lonely people around.”
(Image: EP / Adam Fradgley)
Martin is launching the Permission to Smile campaign on May 12, encouraging people to connect with those around them.
He has already raised £15,000 on his Crowdfunder site and needs to reach his target of £20,000 by March 20.
The money raised will help communities throughout Birmingham.
He believes our frenetic lifestyles may have a part to play in our lack of community spirit.
“Everyone seems to be so busy these days,” says Martin, who is married to Gina and used to be public affairs director for the British Chamber of Commerce in London.
“Back in the day, 50 years ago, a lot of women didn't work so they were around to be the community makers.
“TV is another thing. Years ago, if you wanted entertainment you had to go out and do it with other people.
“And cars make a difference too. People used to just chat to each other as they walked down the street but they don't do that any more.
“Now, if you do walk down the street and pass someone, very often people will look down and avoid each other's eyes.
“It's a downward spiral.”
(Image: EP / Adam Fradgley)
Martin believes there are four key fall outs to people not reaching out to one another – an unfriendly atmosphere, isolation, lack of support for charities and one another and difficulties in getting things done for others in the community.
Breaking the ice
The campaign will launch on May 12 with an ice sculpture in the centre of Birmingham.
As a symbol of breaking the ice, the sculpture will be on High Street from 10.30am to 4.30pm.
“I believe the difference this campaign will make will be huge and unpredictable,” says Martin, who has six grandchildren.
“It will be a spontaneous combustion of things.
“When people have come together in their streets before to organise parties, they quite naturally start helping each other in other ways too. They know when someone's child is in hospital and needs a lift, or they offer to help pick up some shopping for each other.
“There were two elderly ladies who met at a community barbecue in Kingstanding and a week later went on holiday together because they'd both been wanting a holiday but didn't want to go alone.
“We need chit chat. These sorts of things can help us to spontaneously help each other.”
How to get involved
• Download a ‘how to' guide: From May 12, the website will feature ‘how to' downloads on starting local groups of all kinds, from youth clubs to coffee mornings and street associations.
• Put your pin on the map: There will also be an online Meeting Point, based on Google Maps, which will enable interested people to register their name and address by putting an anonymous pin on the map.
Martin explained: “People will be able to see which other pins have appeared on the map in the same neighbourhood, make contact and suggest meeting up – thus enabling ‘needles in the haystack' to find each other!
“And, from the centre, we will be able to track where clusters are forming and help stimulate and facilitate communal action.”
• Make a donation: Permission to Smile has until March 20 to reach its fundraising target of £20,000 on Crowdfunder. The group has raised more than £15,000 so far. Money raised will help fund banners, leaflets, window stickers, T-shirts, logos, the online Meeting Point and the ice sculpture for the launch event.
• Take action – spread the word on social media by using the hashtag #PermissiontoSmile, display a banner encouraging people to get involved or sign up to be an ambassador
• Simply smile and greet people in the streets around where you live
Find out more about the campaign via the Permission to Smile website
Kettering Town are back on home soil tonight (Tuesday) as they bid to take the next step towards securing the runners-up spot in the Evo-Stik South League Premier.
The Poppies will move back into the top two in the division for the first time since the end of January if they beat Tiverton Town at Latimer Park.
Two wins in their final two matches of the regular season should be enough to guarantee second spot and home advantage in the play-offs due to them currently having a better goal difference than King's Lynn Town.
The Poppies come into the final week having endured a gruelling schedule which ended with a 4-1 defeat at champions Hereford at the weekend.
But boss Marcus Law is hoping his squad will be refreshed and ready for the big push to secure home advantage in the play-offs.
And while he knows they will be heavy favourites to pick up the two wins they need this week, he has urged his team to be “professional”.
“We have just got to carry on our home form,” Law, who has seen his team win 18 of their 21 matches at Latimer Park so far this season, said.
“If we can continue to do what we have been doing at home this season then we are going to be in with a good chance.
“Tiverton don't have a great deal to play for and it is a long journey up here for them for a midweek match.
“We just have to be professional. Nothing in football is guaranteed and we have to remember that.
“The players will have had a bit longer to recover and we will have a look at the squad and see what changes we need to make to ensure we get the result we need.”
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who sexually assaulted his teenage victim while she was asleep after they had met outside a nightclub has been jailed.
Dean Cocks, 39, was cleared of a more serious charge of rape after he told the jury that his alcoholism had left him unable to have sex.
The former Black Country man, now living in St Marys Road, Nuneaton, had denied a charge of assault by digital penetration but a jury at Warwick Crown Court found him guilty.
Cocks, originally from Oldbury, was jailed for two years and three months and was ordered to register as a sex offender for ten years.
Prosecutor Anthony Warner said that in October 2015 the victim went out drinking with a friend and they ended up in a night club.
In the early hours of the morning they were sitting on a wall with a friend and another man when she got talking to Cocks.
All four then took a taxi to the victim's friend's house where they went upstairs.
The friend and the other man went into her bedroom and Cocks went into a bedroom with the victim.
“They chatted, and then they started to snog. She said she did not want to have sex, and he said he was fine with that," Mr Warner said.
She woke to realise he was abusing her but was too scared to say anything and pretended to still be asleep.
She then went home but did not report it to the police until later that month.
Asked what happened at her friend's house Cocks told his lawyer Matthew Barnes, said: “We just started kissing and groping, nothing out of the ordinary.”
The jury heard it was agreed Cocks had liver disease as a result of his chronic alcoholism, and that he was on medication which can cause erectile dysfunction.
After the jury returned its verdicts, Mr Warner revealed that in December 2015 Cocks had been convicted of sexual assault, for which he had been given a community order.
Jailing Cocks, Judge Richard Bond told him:“You took your chance, knowing she was asleep. You left her feeling utterly violated.”
HONG KONG Factories across much of Asia posted another month of solid growth in March, rounding off a strong quarter for the world's manufacturers, even as exporters fear a rise in U.S. protectionism could snuff out a global trade recovery.
China again led the way, with an official manufacturing index expanding at the fastest pace in nearly five years, while factory surveys on Monday showed encouraging growth as well in Japan, India and much of emerging Asia.
Higher commodities prices have helped boost the value of exports, along with a global thirst for electronic gadgets, but many countries are reporting stronger sales volumes as well, even as the new Trump administration starts to flex its muscles on trade.
“Asia's economic backdrop remains solid with most countries remaining above the key threshold level of expansion, though U.S. trade protectionism fears is the biggest uncertainty for now,” said Aidan Yao, an economist at AXA Investment Managers in Hong Kong.
In China, the official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) on Friday rose to 51.8 in March from the previous month's 51.6, thanks to a months-long construction boom which is helping to boost resources prices around the world.
That was the strongest reading since April 2012, though a private survey focussing on smaller firms painted a slightly more cautious picture, raising questions about whether the export recovery can be sustained.
Julian Evans-Pritchard, an economist at Capital Economics in Singapore, believes the strength in China won't last, reckoning a flurry of measures to cool its overheated property market and central bank policy tightening will lead to a slowdown in investment and industrial activity in coming quarters.
But the biggest risk for China may be brewing halfway across the world, with U.S. President Donald Trump due to hold his first meeting with counterpart Xi Jinping in Florida later this week.
Trump foreshadowed the risk that those talks could be tense, tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
On Friday, Trump sought to push his crusade for fair trade and more manufacturing jobs back to the top of his agenda by ordering a study into the causes of U.S. trade deficits and a clampdown on import duty evasion.
The failure of the new U.S. administration to push through healthcare reforms last month has also added to global worries that Trump will struggle to pass much-anticipated tax cuts and fiscal spending plans which could boost demand in the world's largest economy.
Delays to the reflationary plans could see U.S. orders and global investment moderate in coming months as businesses grow more cautious.
AS GOOD AS IT GETS?
While China has strong domestic demand to fall back on, at least for now, other export-reliant Asian economies are more vulnerable if Trump goes on a trade offensive.
Japanese factory activity expanded at a solid clip of 52.4 in March, though at a slightly cooler pace than in the previous month as growth in new export orders and output slowed.
Its modest economic recovery has been driven largely by a resurgence in exports, which are helping to offset stubbornly sluggish demand at home.
In South Korea, where exports account for half of the economy and domestic demand is similarly weak, readings have been decidedly mixed.
Factory activity shrank for an eighth straight month and at a faster pace than in February, prompting factory owners to cut jobs at the fastest pace since the global financial crisis, a private survey showed.
But official trade data at the weekend showed the country's exports grew more than expected in March, albeit at a more modest pace than in February.
On a more upbeat note, activity in India's manufacturing sector expanded at the fastest pace in five months as output and new orders accelerated.
The findings suggested the world's fastest growing major economy has largely recovered from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's shock decision in November to ban high-value currency notes, which caused huge disruptions to the largely cash-based economy.
Similar activity surveys later in the global day are expected to show solid factory growth in the United States and Europe.
Bolstering expectations of increasing resilience in the global economy, data last week showed U.S. inflation rising at its fastest pace in five years despite some sluggishness in consumer spending.
In Europe, preliminary PMI readings had indicated businesses across the euro zone ramped up activity at the fastest pace in almost six years in March as demand grew despite sharper price rises.
(Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by Kim Coghill)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Car tax rules have been radically overhauled this year - but how will it affect you?
Motorists across Birmingham and throughout the West Midlands will be required to change what they pay in a bid to keep their vehicles on the road.
For new car owners, the rules which kicked in on April 1 will mean seven out of 10 faces shelling out more.
This is thanks to the revised Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) tax bands.
And motorists driving some of the most popular motors - once considered the height of 'eco-friendly' technology - must shell out an extra £900 over five years, as the Exeter Express and Echo reports.
Here is what the changes could mean for you:
Will I be affected?
Under the new rules only electric and hydrogen cars will be exempt - and all other cars will pay a flat rate of £140.
The amount of carbon dioxide in a car's exhaust gases is calculated using a standard European test and published in every brochure.
And the results show the average amount of carbon dioxide produced for every kilometre that a car drives.
Carbon dioxide is measured in grams, so the results are written as g/km CO2.
A car emitting 99g/km bought before April 1 will be free of road tax for life.
Those bought after the date will cost £120 in the first year, and £140 a year thereafter.
Cars emitting 131g/km will be taxed £200 instead of £130, those emitting 151g/km will be charged £500 instead of £180, and cars emitting 171g/km will be charged £800 instead of £295, while those emitting 191g/km will be charged £1,200 instead of £490.
The highest possible charge will continue to apply to those emitting over 255g/km, but that will rise from £1,100 to £2,000.
However, those buying high-polluting cars may even break, with tax set higher in the first year and subsequently falling every year after that.
Why are they doing it?
The current structure based on CO2 bands was introduced in 2001 when the average emission of a new UK car was 178 gCO2/km.
The Band A threshold of 100 gCO2/km, below which cars pay no VED, was introduced in 2003, when average new car emissions were 173 gCO2/km.
Since then, to meet EU emissions targets average new car emissions have fallen to 125 gCO2/km.
This means that an increasingly large number of ordinary cars now fall into the zero- or lower-rated VED bands, meaning they pay no tax at all.
What if I can afford a luxury car?
It will be even worse for those who want to buy luxury or low emissions cars.
Currently, they are tax free but the cost will rocket to £310 a year from the second year of operation.
Cars worth more than £40,000 that produce polluting emissions will have to pay £450 a year in years two to six.
So what do I do now?
James Hind, founder of the car buying site carwow.co.uk , says: "Some models will cost significantly more to tax each year, so there are long-term savings to be had by buying before the new system kicks in.
"Hybrid cars and small petrol-powered city cars will be cheaper to tax if you buy before April 1."
If you weren't able to buy your low-emissions car before April, then it is worth considering a nearly-new car, which will continue to be taxed under the old system.
Could I actually be better off?
Possibly.
A report by consumer website Honest John says some car owners will save up to £245 a year.
The rules are being introduced as greener cars, which until now have benefited from lower car tax, increase in numbers on the road.
That means the Government has been losing out on tax revenue.
This will be reversed as the UK's best selling car - the Ford Fiesta 1.0 EcoBoost 100PS - will now cost owners £540 more to tax over four years.
Zero-emission cars will not be exempt from the changes.
After one free year, owners of expensive to buy electric cars - that's anything that costs over £40,000, will have to pay £310 a year.
The changes affect all new cars, registered from April 1 this year.
Currently you could buy some types of Vauxhall Corsa, Ford Focus, Ford Fiesta, Volkswagen Golf or Nissan Qashqai and pay zero car tax.
Anything that emits less than 99g/km doesn't qualify for VED under the current system.
But from April 1 this year you will end up paying more than £125 a year for all of those cars.
The new system means there are three bands.
Zero emission cars pay no tax.
Standard cars (anything over zero) pay £140 a year and owners of any car that costs more than £40,000 - regardless of its emissions - will pay £310 for five years.
On top of that, in the first year, cars are rated on their carbon-dioxide emissions and will pay a one-off VED of between nothing and £2,000.
So owners of hybrid cars, who currently pay no car tax, will pay £10 in year one, then £140 a year after that.
Owners of some high-performance cars, or cars which guzzle gas, will be better off - as the yearly flat rate of £140 is less than they currently pay.
Honest John's managing editor, Daniel Powell, said: "Many motorists are unaware of the changes that are coming for VED, but the fact of the matter is this: the system is changing, and low emissions cars won't be as tax efficient as they were before."
FILE PHOTO: Finnish Prime Minister Timo Soini, leader of Finland's populist Finns Party for two decades, gives a press conference at the Helsinki International airport in Vantaa, Finland, on March 5, 2017. Lehtikuva/Vesa Moilanen/via REUTERS/File Photo
HELSINKI Finland's co-ruling, eurosceptic Finns party is set to get 8.2 percent of the vote in Sunday's municipal elections, showing its popularity has halved from a 2015 general election, a forecast by public broadcaster YLE showed after more than half of the votes were counted.
The forecast showed Finance Minister Petteri Orpo's conservative NCP leading with 20.4 percent, followed by opposition party Social Democrats with 19.2 percent and Prime Minister Juha Sipila's Centre party with 17.6 percent.
The Finns party won 17.7 percent of the vote in a 2015 parliamentary election and 12.3 percent in 2012 local elections.
The Finns party has in recent years softened its nationalist and anti-EU platform, which helped it enter the three-party government but which also angered some of its core voters. [nL8N1HH06A]
(Reporting by Tuomas Forsell, editing by Jussi Rosendahl)
The Rift (2016) Starring Ken Foree.
Contact
Ken Foree
***@aol.com Ken Foree
End
-- A new release slated for the early fall. Shot in Serbia and when asked Ken Foree said, " It was one of the coldest and most difficult shoots of my career but a gallant effort all around, excellent cast and beautifully shot." Hope you enjoy this Sci-fi adventure, "The Rift"! Great stories about this one coming to the websites, articles, and blogs. - Barry Keating (Writer)/ Milan Konjevic (Writer)For almost forty years now, Ken Foree has been a staple of the horror community, working with the likes of George A. Romero, Stuart Gordon, Brian Yuzna, Jeff Burr, Chris Carter, Rob Zombie and more. Now, Foree is set to grace yet another eerie big screen offering, headlining the first sci-fi film entirely produced in Serbia called THE RIFT. - FANGORIAWell, it's my movie, but I still think it ROCKS!! Check it out!!Ken Foree is back and he's against terror from outer space this time!- Milan Todorovic (Executive Producer)An American military satellite crash-lands somewhere in Serbia, and a team of US and Serbian agents is dispatched to secure the remains of the satellite and retrieve the data. But when they locate the crash site, all is not as it seems. The satellite has vanished, and the only clue is a trail leading to an abandoned silk factory nestled on the outskirts of forest line. As the team members begin to investigate, they quickly discover that something else came back from space, something not of this world. As their time runs out, the team must battle the evil forces to unlock the terrifying truth behind the ill-fated mission before the apocalypse begins. Because here death is dead.This is Mr., Foree's third Sci-fi appearance/performance and his second collaboration with Talking Wolf Productions with one more in pre-production.Link to the trailer:Ken Foree (The Rift – 2016: Press Photo) link:
The Let Property Campaign, or LPC for short, is different to other HMRC campaigns. This campaign has not got a closing date so that it is no longer available. It is a campaign that must be used by people who have undeclared rental income.
What Is The Let Property Campaign?
The Let Property Campaign is for people who have income from letting out a residential property to put their tax affairs in order. To participate in the Let Property Campaign you must have rental income to declare to HMRC. The majority of people don't notify HMRC, as in many cases, when you take costs and mortgage expenses away from the rental income there is often little left over.
Regardless of whether you're making a profit from your rental income or not, it must be declared to the HMRC. The individual also needs to have registered for self-assessment, and declared the profit or loss on their tax return.
Putting Tax Affairs In Order
The Let Property Campaign isn't just about putting tax affairs in order in terms of rental income. The household must also declare any other undisclosed income. For instance, if somebody who is self employed has not declared all of their income from their ventures, they can use the LPC to regulate all of their tax affairs in one go, providing they qualify on the grounds of some of the undeclared income coming from rental income.
Once you've applied for the Let Property Campaign and it has been accepted, HMRC are entitled to ask questions. However, as long as you provide good information to the HMRC they generally get accepted.
HMRC is only interested in getting the LPC disclosure form if tax is due. HMRC sometimes fail to automatically register someone for self assessment when they register to take part in the Let Property Campaign, so it's advisable you register at the same time you notify HMRC about LPC.
What Do HMRC Say About LPC?
HMRC claims that this campaign gives an individual a more favourable penalty position, when compared to making a disclosure by other routes. This may not necessarily be true for some people, however, it is the only route for people who have undeclared rental income. If you require more information about the Let Property Campaign and would like help, you can give Gilbert Tax a call.
Contact:
Scott Gilbert
Company: Gilbert Tax
Address: Westbourne House, 99 Lidgett Lane, Garforth, Leeds, LS25 1LJ, UK
Telephone: 0113 287 2299
Email: scott.gilbert@gilberttax.co.uk
Website: http://www.gilberttax.co.uk/let-property-campaign
European stocks advanced, erasing earlier losses, after Italy's better-than-expected economic data helped confirm a trend of stronger manufacturing in the euro area.
The Euro Stoxx 50 index was 0.4 per cent higher than of 9:40 a.m. in London, while the UK and Swiss markets remained closed for a holiday. The DAX index in Germany, the region's biggest economy, jumped 0.8 per cent and headed for its best day in almost three weeks.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index was up 0.5 per cent, after slipping 1.2 per cent in 2016, underperforming the S&P 500 index in the US, which gained 9.5 per cent from 2015.
Italy's FTSE MIB was up 1.3 per cent Monday. Data showed the country's manufacturing PMI rose to 53.2 for December versus 52.2 in November, while economists expected 52.3. The FTSE MIB had ended 2016 down 10 per cent, hurt by political uncertainties as well as investor concern over the strength of the country's banking system.
German shares were led by gains in lender Commerzbank AG and utility RWE AG. A report showed manufacturing PMI reached 55.6 in December, the highest reading since January 2014.
Euro-area manufacturing expanded last month at the fastest rate since April 2011, in a sign that the currency bloc's recovery was intact heading into 2017.
Bloomberg
The way New Zealand manages recycling is fundamentally broken, a new report says.
The report conducted by WasteMINZ gathered information from 38 councils and nine recycling operators.
Last year, China banned imports of various recyclable materials until the end of this year. However, it is likely there will be a further extension of the restrictions, as the country looks to improve the health of its environment.
As a result, 82 percent of councils surveyed indicated they had been affected by the restrictions and were selling certain plastics at a lower price, stockpiling or struggling to find new buyers.
Associate Environment Minister Eugenie Sage told RNZ's Morning Report the way waste was dealt with in this country needed to change.
"The Waste Minimisation Act is good legislation, but it hasn't been used to its full potential over the last decade. And we need to think about how we design products, so they are designed for long-life, for the ability to be deconstructed at the end of their life and their materials re-used."
She said curbside recycling needed to be clearly separated from glass so that it could be used again.
"We need a whole different approach to waste, so we are generating less waste and we are using material and re-using them, rather than just throwing them away. Consumers, if they do separate and encourage their councils to maintain separation, will make it much easier for the recycling."
WasteMINZ chief executive Paul Evans said there were a mixture of short-term and long-term actions that needed to be taken.
"In the immediate future we need to look at access to funding to make sure recyclables aren't sent to landfill, as well as communication so consumers don't overly contaminate recyclables."
There needed to be a more robust system and a revision of the national waste strategy, Mr Evans said.
Some of the other recommendations in the report included allowing councils to use levy funds for an interim period to address issues around recycling quality, and avoiding sending those items to landfill.
"Every tonne of waste that goes to landfill there's a ten dollar levy which is applied to it. Half of that goes to councils and half of that goes into a fund administered by the government. And that can be used for projects that minimise waste to landfill.
"We're saying in the discussion document, that ensuring these recyclables goes to landfill would be a very good use of that pre-existing fund."
Mr Evans said there would be consequences if changes were not made.
"Worst case scenario we'd see recyclables going to landfill, increased costs for communities and potentially some recycling operators going out of business."
However, this also represented an opportunity for New Zealand.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Royal Baby is here, unnamed, and back at home
But how are proud parents Wills and Kate getting on?
Well, there was some insight as they introduced their third child to the world yesterday.
As the pair emerged from hospital at 6pm - just seven hours after the birth at 11.01am, they had an exchange on the steps.
But what did they say? Well a lip reader has spilled the beans.
William: Are you OK with him?
Kate: Yeah.
William: Look, there he is. Over there. [They wave to the left]
Kate: Let's just wave over there. [They wave to the right]
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Kate: Look, he is there. [They wave] It is a bit windy, eh? He might get cold. Let's go now.
William: Sure
(Image: Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire)
The baby boy – weighing 8lb 7oz – is fifth in line to the throne, knocking Prince Harry down to sixth.
Born on St George's Day, the tot is the Queen's sixth great-grandchild.
Kate beamed as she cradled the baby in her arms and walked down the steps of the private Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital, in Paddington, West London, as a huge cheer went up from the crowds.
As the royal couple prepared to drive away from hospital with their newborn son, William joked about having his hands full
The Duke held up three fingers to well-wishers, said “thrice worry now” and smiled warmly.
(Image: Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire)
The baby's name was not revealed yesterday but William said “you'll find out soon” when asked what they planned to call him.
He added the family are “delighted” about the new arrival and the newborn's brother George, four, and sister Charlotte, two, are “very happy”.
Wills also joked about the departure from hospital, saying: “We didn't keep you waiting too long this time.”
5K6RM
01.01.2017-09.01.2017
DXCC: Colombia
Zone: 9
Members of the Liga Radioaficionados Manizales - DX Group will be active with special callsign to commemorate the special event "Feria de Manizales".
Cluster spots
Refresh spots
Bottom line: Netflix has revolutionized the way people watch TV, and it now appears to have passed a significant milestone. In a recent survey by Wall Street firm Cowen & Co., the streaming service was found to be the most popular option when it came to people's TV viewing habits.
Variety reports that 2,500 US adults took part in the survey, which asked what platforms they used most often to view video content on television. Netflix came out on top with 27 percent of the vote, while basic cable was second with 20 percent. Broadcast was the third most popular option with 18 percent and YouTube came in fourth with 11.4 percent.
Rival streaming services didn't fare quite as well as Netflix, though they were higher than last-place premium cable. Hulu's 5.3 percent put it above Amazon Prime Video's 4.7 percent.
Netflix has an even larger lead in the 18-34 age category (below), where it's the number one choice for almost 40 percent of participants. YouTube was second with 17 percent, and basic cable's 12.6 percent put it in third place.
Netflix (39.7%)
YouTube (17.0%)
Basic Cable (12.6%)
Other (8.7%)
Hulu (7.6%)
Broadcast (7.5%)
Premium Cable (3.5%)
Amazon Prime Video (3.4%)
One category where basic cable came out on top (24 percent) was among those who subscribe to traditional pay-TV services—everyone other than cord-cutters and cord-nevers, basically. But Netflix was only two percent behind in second place, while broadcast TV was third with 19 percent.
“Over the long term, assuming [Netflix] is able to continue to increasingly offer great content, this lead clearly bodes well for further value creation,” wrote Cowen & Co. analyst John Blackledge.
With original smash hits such as Stranger Things, Orange is the New Black, and the Marvel TV series, along with its catalog of movies and shows, it comes as little surprise to see Netflix top the survey. The company released 452 hours of U.S. original programming in Q2 2018, up 51% year-over-year, and it's set to spend $13 billion on content in 2018.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Ten Cate, FieldTurf, CoCreation Grass, Polytan GmbH, Domo Sports Grass, Mondo S.p.A., Mondo S.p.A., SIS Pitches, Beaulieu International Group, Saltex Oy, Edel Grass B.V., Condor Grass, Nurteks, Victoria PLC, Garden Grass, Taishan, LIMONTA SPORT S.p.A., ForestGrass, Wonderlawn.
The Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Lawn Grass & Turf Grass industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-lawn-grass-turf-grass-market/10146/#requestforsample
The Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market Products Type Segmentation : Seeded Lawns, Sod Lawns, Artificial Turf, Hydroseeding, Others.
Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market Applications Segmentation : Contact Sports, Leisure, Landscaping, Gardens, Others.
Key Highlights of the Lawn Grass & Turf Grass Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-lawn-grass-turf-grass-market/10146/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Lawn Grass & Turf Grass market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 10 Gome Finance Technology Co Ltd
* Noted the recent increases in the price and trading volume of the shares of the company
* Gome finance technology-board confirms that it is not aware of any reasons that caused increases in price and the trading volume of the shares of co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called a meeting of the ruling African National Congress' (ANC) top six officials, amid reports that Zuma plans to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan, a senior party source and Eye Witness News said on Thursday.
The meeting, which is currently underway, comes hours after the ANC-allied South African Communist Party said it objected to a plan by Zuma to sack Gordhan, while the main opposition said it would call a vote of no-confidence in Zuma over the matter. (Reporting by Joe Brock and James Macharia)
Breaking
Kiwis playmaker Kieran Foran has finally received clearance from the NRL to take the field for the Warriors this season.
NRL chief executive Todd Greenberg today announced Foran would soon be able to resume his career - but the 26-year-old wouldn't be able to play until the club's third-round match against the Bulldogs in Dunedin.
Warriors managing director Jim Doyle said Foran had made significant progress since joining the Warriors last year and added the club were continuing to provide internal and external support.
"We are keen to see Kieran back on the field as soon as possible but we have always highlighted that the most important thing is to ensure Kieran is mentally and physically ready for the demands of the NRL," Doyle said.
"We have seen Kieran's progress over the last few months and we are confident he will be ready for round three. Kieran has already become an integral part of our squad off the field and his team-mates will be thrilled to see him back on the field."
Foran said he was delighted his contract had been registered, although he would have ideally been able to join his teammates in their season-opener against the Knights on March 5.
"I would love to return in round one because I love rugby league and I love being part of the Warriors," he said. "But both the club and NRL have put my welfare first throughout so I am just happy that my contract is registered and I now have a date for my return."
Greenberg said Foran's return in the third round would be subject to a further
psychological assessment to ensure he was in the right frame of mind to play in the NRL.
Greenberg and Doyle said they had worked closely over the last four months on a rehabilitation programme to help Foran overcome the problems which saw him drop out of the game last year.
"I have always said that my priority is ensuring Kieran's well-being - and his football career is secondary," Greenberg said. "The expert advice we recently received indicates that Kieran's recovery has reached the point where he is physically and mentally fit to return to rugby league.
"However, we want to be doubly sure that Kieran is in the right state of mind and have therefore decided to defer his return to the NRL until round three so a further psychological assessment can be made.
"Kieran will only be allowed to play again in the NRL if that assessment is positive. Conditions will also be placed on his contract relating to integrity matters following the investigation into his gambling associations last year."
- NZ Herald
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Children brushing their teeth, it's a hassle for most parents. Some dentists agree and say some children simply aren't brushing properly.
It's the 21st century and practically anywhere you go, the entire family is using technology – smart-phones, tablets, even kindles.
"We knew kids were having a hard time learning to brush their teeth, floss their teeth and we were trying to make learning fun. That was the objective," says Dr. Bruce Riggs, Assistant Professor of Pediatric Dentistry at Dental College of Georgia
Several Pediatric Dentists at the Dental College of Georgia noticed a growing issue with their patients and decided to address it in the most modern way.
"I think we see an overwhelming issue with something we call early childhood caries. Children under the age of 6 that have a lot of problems with dental decay," says Dr. Christopher Parker, Pediatric Dentist.
That's where the app called "Pearl E. White" was created. It's a learning yet fun game challenging the minds of young children on the basic steps in knowing how to take care of your teeth.
"We want to make sure that they spend 2 minutes brushing their teeth. A minute on the top, a minute on the bottom that they use a correct procedure when they do so so they're cleaning all the surfaces of every tooth of their mouth," says Dr. Tara Schafer, Chairman of Department of Pediatric Dentistry.
And with only a few hundred downloads it's making strides already in the C-S-R-A not only with parents, but of course with kids.
"It seems to come across the app better than her old dad so it's certainly trial tested and approved," says Dr. Parker.
The good part, this app is free and parents it gives you healthy food options for your children that will keep their teeth strong and healthy.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
CAIRO (Reuters) - The head of Egypt's railway authority, Medhat Shousha, has resigned following a train collision in Alexandria that killed at least 41 people, Transport Minister Hisham Arafat told reporters on Sunday.
A prosecutor had earlier ordered the detention of both train drivers and their assistants for 15 days, the state news agency MENA said.
Slideshow (3 Images)
In addition to the deaths, at least 133 people were injured when the two trains collided in the coastal city on Friday, the latest in a string of crashes on an antiquated transport network that have outraged the public.
Egyptians have long complained that successive governments have failed to enforce basic safeguards for the railways.
A witness said the trains rose into the air, "forming a pyramid", as they slammed into each other just outside a suburban station.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has ordered an inquiry into the crash. MENA said blood and urine samples had been taken from one driver to check for drug use.
(WSVN) - North Korean leader Kim Jong-un appears to have decided to back down from his threat to attack Guam, for now, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal posted Monday night.
The report states that North Korean state-run media said the dictator had made his decision not to fire on Guam after he visited a military command post and examined a military plan given to him by his senior military officers.
They had promised to have that plan ready by mid-August, according to the report.
However, the regime did warn Kim Jong-un could change his mind if the “Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous and reckless actions.”
The report surfaced after the previous week's heated rhetoric between the North Korean dictator and President Donald Trump. Trump promised to bring “fire and fury” on the leader and his forces if a strike happened. Neither the president nor the White House have commented on the Wall Street Journal's report.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BUENOS AIRES May 2 Shares of Argentina's top lemon exporter San Miguel opened 6.44 percent higher on Tuesday, the day after the U.S. Department of Agriculture said a ruling to allow lemon imports would take effect this month.
This story is about Published 37m
There's a lot on the line for SMU in its first road trip outside of D-FW Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer Southern Methodist Mustangs celebrate after safety Delano Robinson (24) recovered a fumble on a punt during the fourth quarter of a football game between the University of Connecticut and SMU Texas on Saturday, September 30, 2017 at SMU's Ford Stadium in Dallas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
By Adam Grosbard , Staff Writer Contact Adam Grosbard on Twitter: @AdamGrosbard
UNIVERSITY PARK -- After five weeks of the season, the most traveling SMU has done is a bus ride across town to Fort Worth. The schedule worked out nicely for the Mustangs like that, with four home games in the first five weeks and the lone road game against TCU. This weekend, SMU gets to stretch its legs a little bit with its first road trip of the season to face in-state rival Houston on Saturday evening. "We've stayed in our team hotel now for the first five weeks," SMU head coach Chad Morris said. "I know our guys are excited. They're excited to get away, something a little different. Just to be able to get out, get together, see a different scene, it'll be good."
'We can compete with anybody in the country' -- How SMU's grown from last year's upset of Houston
SMU, which is looking for its first win at Houston since 2005, will be greeted by a Cougars team that has been very good at TDECU Stadium in recent years. The Cougars lost to Texas Tech by three points at home on Sept. 23. That loss ended a 16-game home win streak for Houston that dated back to Nov. 22, 2014. The Cougars are averaging 37,642 fans at their 40,000-person stadium this season. "It'll be a great environment," Morris said. SMU started preparing for these kinds of crowds during fall camp. The coaching staff used speakers to play fan noise while simulating game situations. The team already has played in front of a hostile crowd of 44,489 at TCU. So Morris has no plans to change the way the team prepares. The schedule for meetings, team meals and curfew will all stay the same in the new hotel. "We're an experienced football team that understands this is just what we do," Morris explained. "We prepare like we do every other week. We control what we can control," running back Braeden West added. "That's what it comes down to. We don't know what's going to go on Saturday. ... We don't know how many fans are going to be there. But what we can control right now is how we practice, how we prepare in film, how we prepare in meetings." SMU will have a lot to go over with Houston. The Cougars have taken a step back offensively since Tom Herman bolted for Texas. Last week, head coach Major Applewhite made the decision to make a change at quarterback with senior Kyle Postma overtaking former Texas A&M transfer Kyle Allen.
Houston beat writer on why Kyle Postma overtook Kyle Allen as starting QB ahead of SMU game
On defense, though, Houston still shines. It gives up 364.5 yards per game, but the unit is ranked 14th in the country in points allowed per game (14.8) thanks to a top-12 red-zone defense. Linebacker Matthew Adams averages 10.8 tackles per game. Then the Mustangs will need to wait until kickoff to find out whether Houston's All-American defensive tackle, Ed Oliver, will play with his MCL strain. For all SMU's improvements at 4-1 this season, Houston is still a challenge even if you take the "road game" aspect out of the equation. "We've got a lot to improve on, especially heading into this week," Morris remarked Tuesday. This is a chance for SMU to establish itself as one of the two favorites in the American West Division. It's a chance to move within one win of bowl eligibility. And it's a chance for the biggest road win of Morris' three-year tenure. SMU may try to treat it just like any other game, but it's all there for the Mustangs' taking. They'll just have to survive a tough road test to do so. Twitter: @AdamGrosbard
March 30 Centurion Corporation Ltd
* Entered into a development agreement with SPGG as developer
* Deal pursuant to which SPGG has agreed to construct or procure construction of Dwell Adelaide and carry out works on land
* New Australia subsidiary entered into a contract for sale and purchase of land with S.P.G.G. Investments
* New Australia subsidiary entered into a contract to acquire from vendor development site
* Aggregate cost for proposed acquisition and proposed development is expected to be approximately a$45.5 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Many accounts of solar eclipses include tales of animals behaving strangely: Birds fall silent. Bees return to the hive.
Quoting Elise Ricard, spokesperson for an eclipse project called Life Responds at the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, sciencenews.org reported, “There's a lot of anecdotal evidence for how animals and even plants respond to totality, when the moon completely blocks the Sun. But [there's] not a lot of hard science.
“Perhaps the earliest record came from a total eclipse in 1544 when birds ceased singing.”
Another in 1560 said birds fell to the ground. In the past century or so, scientists have tried to approach the question systematically.
The Boston Society of Natural History collected observations during a 1932 eclipse that crossed parts of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, marking what they believed was the first comprehensive and scientifically conducted study of the behavior of animal life during a total eclipse.
Crickets chirped and frogs croaked, study volunteers reported. Bees returned to hives and chickens to roost.
Studies in the 60s and 70s reported that small, light-sensitive crustaceans and zooplankton swam upward toward the dark during eclipses, similar to how the tiny animals behave at night.
The Sun's disappearance prompted orb weaver spiders to take down their webs, an eclipse in 1991 revealed.
And during an annular eclipse in 1984, when the moon blocked all but a ring of bright light, captive chimpanzees scaled a climbing structure and faced the blocked Sun.
Those observations are tantalizing, but they were limited in scope. That could change with the coming eclipse.
The ubiquity of smartphones means that crowdsourced research — particularly during the eclipse — can include more and better coordinated observations than ever before.
This year, the California Academy of Sciences is soliciting citizen scientists to record their observations of any animals they see using the academy's iNaturalist app.
The team there hopes to get more descriptions of more species covering a larger geographic area than during any previous eclipse.
Ricard said, “We're looking for observations from anywhere in the continental US, whether citizen scientists are in the path of totality or not.”
She wonders how wildlife will react, even if they're only experiencing a partial eclipse.
“I'd be interested to know where the line is, what percentage of totality you see responses for.”
Policemen stand guard outside a cave during a rescue operation for 12 boys and their coach trapped in the cave at the Khun Nam Nang Non Forest Park in the Mae Sai district of Chiang Rai province on July 4, 2018. YE AUNG THU/Getty Images
The young members of a Thai soccer team who have been trapped for almost two weeks in a partially flooded cave can be seen smiling and joking around in a video released by the Thai Navy SEALs Wednesday. The boys, illuminated by a flashlight, can be seen wrapped in foil blankets as they assure a nation — and world — that has become transfixed with their story that they're “healthy.” In the video, the 12 boys aged 11 to 16 and their 25-year-old coach introduce themselves as they clasped their hands in a traditional Thai greeting known as “wai.” Although visibly thin, the boys look to be in good spirits and there is even some laughter at the end of the video.
Another video shows divers treating minor wounds on some of the boys.
The good news of seeing the boys, who disappeared June 23 and were found Monday, comes as rescuers make clear that getting them out of there will be anything but easy. Forecast of heavy rains for the weekend make what was already going to be a complicated plan even more dangerous. For now, the rescue teams are giving the boys crash courses in swimming and diving while they explore options for getting them out of there. “The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people,” Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters.
The boys have told rescuers they heard sounds from the cave, including dogs barking and children playing, which has rescuers exploring the possibility that there might be a hole through which they can get out rather than forcing the boys to go through treacherous waters. It took expert divers three hours to get to the boys who are located around 2.5 miles from the mouth of the cave. Even experienced Navy SEAL divers said it was a challenging path.
The British Cave Rescue Council, which is taking part in the operation said that “although water levels have dropped, the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering.”
For now, government officials aren't giving any estimates of when the boys may be out. In a sign that it won't be imminent, authorities are working to install a communications system inside the cave so the boys can talk to their parents. Authorities also suggested the boys may be brought out in groups, with the strongest ones who are confident about their swimming and diving abilities coming out first. “All 13 don't have to come out at the same time,” Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn told reporters. “Who is ready first can go first.”
Anmar Mirza, national coordinator of the National Cave Rescue Commission, told CNN the rescue is “one of the toughest I've seen.” Trying to teach the boys the diving skills necessary to get out in the treacherous conditions is likely the riskiest option. “It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time,” he said. “A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting him in danger.”
(Reuters Health) - People with insomnia who take placebos, or “dummy pills,” may feel more rested than patients who get no treatment at all, a review of sleep research finds.
Previous clinical trials testing sleep drugs like temazepam (Restoril) against placebo pills have found insomnia symptoms can improve even when patients don't get the real treatment, said senior study author Dr. Ben Colagiuri of the University of Sydney in Australia. One problem with using placebos in these trials, however, is that sometimes simply taking part in a study can influence how people perceive their symptoms, he said.
To solve this issue, Colagiuri and colleagues examined data from 13 previously published studies that assigned some insomnia patients to receive a placebo they were led to believe was an active treatment or to a control group that got no treatment.
Compared to participants who didn't receive any treatment, those who got placebos they believed were real treatments reported more improvements in their ability to fall asleep, total amount of rest and sleep quality, the analysis found.
“The comparison with no treatment means that we can be sure that the improvement we observed was due to a genuine placebo effect, rather than being an artifact of simply taking part in a trial,” Colagiuri said by email. “The study provides new evidence that genuine placebo effects exist for insomnia treatments.”
Combined, the studies used in the analysis had a total of 566 participants who either reported that they had insomnia or had the condition diagnosed by a clinician.
It's unclear exactly why the placebo might help some people feel better rested, but it's possible just the act of taking a pill eased some anxiety that made it harder for people to fall asleep, Colagiuri said. Some recent research in other conditions like migraines and chronic pain suggests the placebos may help even when people know they're taking dummy pills, he added.
However, when researchers examined data on 103 participants who had objective tests like sleep-phase monitoring to measure how quickly patients fell asleep with a placebo or without treatment, they didn't find any significant difference between these groups.
Beyond the small number of total participants, another limitation of the current study is that researchers didn't have objective measurements of sleep quality or duration to compare placebos against no treatment, the authors note in Sleep Medicine.
Still, the results make sense because insomnia is ultimately a disorder of perception, said Patrick Finan, a psychiatry and behavior researcher at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore.
For example, a person who reports typically getting only four hours of sleep a night, for example, might not meet the criteria for insomnia if they don't feel like the lack of rest impairs their mood, cognition or behavior, Finan, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
By contrast, a person who says they normally get seven hours a night might still have insomnia if they feel like they the amount or quality of sleep they get is inadequate and they also report daytime impairments in work or home life that they attribute to a lack of sleep, Finan added.
“The upshot is insomnia is shaped by expectation and perception, so it is not surprising that placebos, which implicitly alter expectation, are effective in improving perceptions of sleep,” Finan said. “It is notable that the effects of placebos did not extend to objective measures of sleep.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2pG6feK Sleep Medicine, online April 3, 2017.
Dallas Stars goalie Ben Bishop (30) watches as Minnesota Wild center Luke Kunin (19) keeps the puck from Stars defenseman Dan Hamhuis (2) during the second period of an NHL preseason hockey game Saturday, Sept. 30, 2017, in St. Paul, Minn. (AP Photo/Hannah Foslien)
- Vegas forward and former Stars player Reilly Smith was part of the trade that acquired Tyler Seguin from Boston in 2013.
30th: Dallas finished 30th in the NHL in penalty kill success last season at 73.6 percent. The St. Louis Blues had the best penalty kill in the NHL while being coached by Ken Hitchcock. An improved penalty kill is a huge goal for the 2016-17 Stars. Keep a watchful eye on that.
Cody Eakin vs. Tyler Seguin: Eakin was taken by Vegas in the expansion draft and has played the majority of his career with the Stars. He has led Vegas in the preseason with five points (one goal, four assists) and has often faced the opposition's best center in his career. Former linemate Seguin is expected to center the Stars' top line. Since joining the Stars four years ago, Seguin ranks fifth in scoring.
The Stars start their new era with three new coaches in Ken Hitchcock, Rick Wilson and Stu Barnes, as well as several new players in Ben Bishop, Marc Methot, Martin Hanzal, Tyler Pitlick and Alexander Radulov. Vegas is starting its era as a hockey team, kicking off an expansion season while still trying to formulate a roster. Uncertainty abound in this contest.
- Stars defenseman Marc Methot was acquired by Vegas in the expansion draft (from Ottawa) and then traded to Dallas. This will be the first time Methot has faced his former club.
- This is the seventh straight time the Stars have opened the season at home. Dallas is 4-1-1 in the previous six games.
- Ken Hitchcock is one win shy of tying Al Arbour (782) for third on the NHL's all-time coaching wins list.
- Hitchcock currently ranks first in Stars franchise history in games coached (503), wins (277) and winning percentage (.622).
- Forward Gemel Smith is expected to play in the season opener while Adam Cracknell is expected to be a healthy scratch. Cracknell will likely play Saturday against St. Louis.
- Greg Pateryn and Julius Honka are expected to be the Stars scratches on defense.
He said it
"I've got goosebumps thinking about it. It's going to be cool hosting Vegas for their first ever game, and it's always a treat to play in front of our crowd, especially in a home opener."
- Stars center Tyler Seguin on the season opener
"It's exciting. This is something I have worked every day of my life for. It's good to finally get this opportunity. I am definitely excited, and I am not taking it for granted."
- Winger Gemel Smith, who made a late training camp push to get into the opening lineup
"They are the impact players. I don't think you can have impact players and not give them leadership roles."
- Stars coach Ken Hitchcock on his decision to give alternate captain A's to Tyler Seguin, Jason Spezza, John Klingberg and Alexander Radulov
"I don't think there's anything wrong with how we played last year, I don't think there's anything wrong with how we wanted to play this year. I think it's just a matter of if you're not going to play with confidence and with the belief you are going to win every night, it's hard to play any system."
- A blast from the past as Stars forward Jason Spezza was commenting on whether the Stars were too offensively aggressive this season. It's a notable sentiment as the team tries to play a more responsible style this year.
Stars' expected lineup
Jamie Benn - Tyler Seguin - Alexander Radulov
Mattias Janmark - Jason Spezza - Brett Ritchie
Devin Shore - Martin Hanzal - Tyler Pitlick
Antoine Roussel - Radek Faksa - Gemel Smith
Esa Lindell - John Klingberg
Marc Methot - Jamie Oleksiak
Dan Hamhuis - Stephen Johns
Ben Bishop
Kari Lehtonen
Scrathes: Adam Cracknell, Julius Honka, Greg Pateryn
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
March 31 World Corporation Pcl:
* Approved of 100 pct acquisition of ordinary shares of Suburb Estates Company Ltd, total investment value is 592.70 million baht
* Approved of 100 pct acquisition of ordinary shares of ordinary shares of Thai Bonnet Trading Zone Company, total investment value is 296.44 million baht Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India supreme court ousts top cricket officials
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
PARIS Widespread frosts during an unseasonably cold spell in Europe this month may have damaged some rapeseed crops that already endured dry conditions, which could limit a rebound in production after last year's disappointing harvest.
Strategie Grains cut a forecast for European Union rapeseed production in 2017 by 340,000 tonnes to 21.4 million on Friday, factoring in the impact of cold, dry conditions.
Fellow analysts ODA Groupe, meanwhile, currently project the EU crop at 20.5 million tonnes, closer to the four-year low of 20 million harvested in 2016.
In Germany, there were concern freezing temperatures have hurt flowering crops in the south and center of the country.
In cutting its EU-wide outlook, Strategie Grains made its biggest revision in Germany, reducing its forecast by 110,000 tonnes to 5.14 million.
This was still higher than the forecast from Germany's farm cooperatives, issued on April 12 prior to the cold spell, of 4.93 million tonnes, up 7.1 percent from last year.
"It is not possible today to say how serious any damage is, but frost on rapeseed flowers is likely to cause problems," one German analyst said.
"But rapeseed in the biggest production regions in north and eastern Germany was not blooming much at the time of the frosts, any damage is likely to be concentrated in south and central Germany."
Frosts are again forecast in Germany up to Sunday, with temperatures rising from Monday.
In France, forecasters also trimmed expectations due to the combination of dryness and frost during flowering. ODA said it has lowered its French outlook by 170,000 tonnes compared to a month ago to 4.3 million tonnes, down from 4.7 million in 2016.
"Rapeseed does have a strong capacity to recover in normal conditions but that's not the case currently. The rain we've had in France is not sufficient. We need more rainfall to support the growth of new flower buds," ODA's Antoine Gautier said.
Some showers are forecast in France in the week ahead while frost will fade from this weekend.
In Poland, three was also some concern about cold damage.
Analyst Sparks Polska have reduced their 2017 crop forecast by about 100,000 tonnes to 2.8 million due to the cold, still up 33 percent from last year's very poor crop.
"The cold occurred prior to the flowering stage, so the impact should not be major, we hope," Wojtek Sabaranski of Sparks Polska said.
In Britain, rapeseed was generally in reasonable condition, in contrast to crops like spring barley where dry weather is becoming a major concern.
Analyst Jack Watts of Britain's Agriculture and Horticulture Development Board said farmers in west-central England were "really optimistic about their rapeseed this year," adding those in eastern regions, however, were struggling to grow the crop.
Problems with cabbage stem flea beetle has led to a westerly shift in rapeseed plantings in England.
(Reporting by Valerie Parent and Gus Trompiz in Paris, Michael Hogan in Hamburg and Nigel Hunt in London, editing by David Evans)
Van Morrison has come up with a simple, and surprisingly effective, way to combat possible writer's block — recycle old songs and standards with a brand-new approach.
He's tried it before with "Duets: Re-Working the Catalogue" in 2015 and is at it again in "You're Driving Me Crazy."
This time he's teamed with Joey DeFrancesco in a supremely relaxed, jazzy workout notable for its easy, almost effortless swing.
This is Morrison when he's not trying too hard, not looking for new ways to express the emotions captured so brilliantly in his earlier work, simply enjoying the chance to team up with a superb organist and trumpeter to revisit some of his older songs mixed in with a few classics.
Advertisement
They shine on a number of standards, including Cole Porter's "Miss Otis Regrets," which Morrison personalizes with some distinctive mumbling. By now his vocal tics are so familiar that listeners can feel him trying to find, and stretch out, a moment of bliss.
He reaches all the way back to "Astral Weeks" for an updated "The Way Young Lovers Do," one of the most evocative pieces from that landmark album. The composition stands the test of the time, and Morrison's vocal performance meets the challenge, even if he's decades past the coming-of-age drama depicted in that song.
He's taking a number of songs originally performed in more of a rock style and put them in a jazz context. The joy he finds is clear from the opening moments, and there are several occasions when the sometimes grumpy Morrison laughs with pure delight.
Taking away the pressure of coming up with new masterworks to match "Into the Mystic" and "Moondance" seems to have liberated Morrison. And, lest ye forget, this man can sing.
Adamson U and National U brace for a big fightback from their Final Four rivals but remain upbeat of their chances for repeats in Game Two of the Premier Volleyball League Collegiate Conference at the Filoil Flying V Center in San Juan today
Advertisements
Victories by the Lady Falcons and the Lady Bulldogs over the Far Eastern U Lady Tams and the Arellano Lady Chiefs at 4 p.m. and 6:30 p.m., respectively, will seal an exciting showdown between two unbeaten teams in the season-ending conference of the league organized by Sports Vision.
Both matches can be viewed live via streaming on www.sports.abs-cbn.com/livestream/pvl.
But while the powerhouse NU side appears to have all the tools and motivation to duplicate their emphatic 25-17, 25-16, 25-23 triumph over Arellano in their best-of-three series opener last Wednesday, the Jema Galanza-less Adamson will be hard-pressed to match its come-from-behind 25-21, 22-25, 25-20, 14-25, 8-15 victory over FEU.
“It's unfortunate that Jema's not here but she's acting like one of my assistant coaches now. I'm excited about it—challenges. They don't scare us. We're ready,” said Adamson coach Airess Padda.
But the Lady Falcons will also have to buck the absence of Bernadette Flora and Chrislyn Uy, who are competing in the ongoing UAAP beach volley tournament along with FEU's Bernadeth Pons and libero Kyla Atienza.
Despite the dominant Game One win, NU coach Babes Castillo remains wary of the reigning NCAA champions.
“Arellano is a thinking team. They don't move haphazardly. What I want is for us to dictate the pace of the match. Even if we switch positions and roles, I want them to respond quickly,” said Castillo.
The Lady Bulldogs broke away late in the first set before breezing past the second frame then rallied from 4-7 down and fended off an AU fightback in the third to seal the win, matching Adamson's sixth straight victory.
Arellano, meanwhile, hopes to draw solid games from Jovielyn Prado, Regine Arocha and Andrea Marzan who combined for 18 points in the opener, six points short of NU star Jaja Santiago's overall output alone.
Santiago hammered 24 points on 18 kills, three blocks and three aces in Game One and is expected to deliver anew, together with Risa Sato, Aiko Urdas, Jorelle Singh and playmaker Jasmine Nabor.
Padda, on the other hand, hopes the rest will step up the way they did in Game One where Joy Dacoron, Chiara Permentilla and Christine Soyud, along with Flora, combined in the team's strong finish.
“It was really about team effort, inspiring each other to be better, motivating each other to want to help each other succeed,” said Padda, adding that they also have to minimize their errors (34 to FEU's 31) and improve on their blocking (10 to the Lady Tams' five) to check FEU's Toni Basas, who came through with “easy kills” for a team-high 17 points the first time out.
Jerrili Malabanan, Heather Guino-o and Ivana Agudo, meanwhile, are expected to back Basas upfront as the Lady Tams seek to force a sudden death for a berth in the finals of the tournament backed by Mikasa and Asics.
Meanwhile, FEU and unbeaten Ateneo also try to arrange a title clash in the men's side as they go for sweeps against NU and UST at 8 a.m. and 10 a.m., respectively.
Games today
8 a.m. – FEU vs NU (men's)
10 a.m. – UST vs ADMU
4 p.m. – FEU vs AdU (women's)
6:30 p.m. – NU vs AU
TORONTO, Canada: At least 10 people have died after a man plowed a white rental van into a crowd of pedestrians in Canada's biggest city Toronto on Monday (Tuesday in Manila), in what police dubbed a “deliberate” attack.
The incident took place in broad daylight around 16 kilometers from a conference center hosting a meeting of G7 ministers, but officials said they had no evidence of a link to the event.
“The actions definitely looked deliberate,” Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders told journalists.
Ralph Goodale, the minister of public security, added that “on the basis of all available information at the present time, there would appear to be no national security connection to this particular incident.”
“Horrible day in Toronto,” he had posted earlier on Twitter. “Senseless violence takes heavy toll.”
Police arrested a suspect at the scene—who police identified later than 25-year-old Alek Minassian from a northern Toronto suburb—of the attack, whose initial death toll of nine jumped to 10 after one person succumbed to injuries.
Fifteen people remained in hospitals throughout the city, Saunders said, adding that local, provincial and federal investigators were probing the case.
At the scene, at least three bodies could be seen under orange sheets and a long stretch of road was sealed off with police incident tape.
The suspect and a police officer faced off, their guns drawn. The suspect eventually surrendered his weapon and was taken into custody.
Vehicle attacks have been carried out to deadly effect by extremists in a number of capitals and major cities, including London, Paris, New York and Nice.
Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said the G7 meeting would continue as planned into Tuesday, with officials discussing ways to secure democratic societies from foreign interference.
“The work of the ministers obviously goes on. This is a very sad day for the people of Toronto and the people of Canada,” she said.
‘Really fast'
Officers were called to the scene—on Yonge Street at the corner with Finch Avenue— around 1:30 p.m. (1730 GMT), police said.
A white rental van with a dented front bumper was stopped on the sidewalk of a major intersection, surrounded by police vehicles.
“He was going really fast,” witness Alex Shaker told CTV television.
“All I could see was just people one by one getting knocked out, knocked out, one by one,” Shaker said. “There are so many people lying down on the streets.”
Another witness, Jamie Eopni, told local Toronto television station CP24: “It was crashing into everything. It destroyed a bench. If anybody was on that street, they would have been hit on the sidewalk.”
‘Deliberate' but no terror link
Though the act seemed “deliberate,” officials did not identify a terror link.
Canada has only rarely been the scene of terror attacks.
In October, a man stabbed a police officer in the western city of Edmonton before slamming his van into a group of pedestrians, hurting four people.
And in Quebec in October 2014, a Canadian man ran over two soldiers in a parking lot with his car, killing one of them. The driver was shot dead by police when he attacked them with a knife.
In March 2016, a Canadian who claimed to have radical Islamist sympathies attacked two soldiers at a military recruitment center in Toronto.
AFP
Couple found dead in Grover Beach identified
April 24, 2018
Grover Beach police have identified a man and woman who died earlier this month in a suspected drug overdose. [Cal Coast Times]
On the evening of April 12, Grover Beach officers found the bodies of Randy Stroub, 61, and Christine McLain, 52, inside the same room of a home in the 100 block of Newport Avenue. Officers found illegal narcotics and drug paraphernalia at the scene.
Police initially said there were no obvious signs of foul play. Officers were investigating the relation of drugs to the deaths.
The county coroner's unit has since performed autopsies on both Stroub and McClain. Toxicology results are pending, and investigators have yet to determine their causes of death.
Loading...
A new single has been released by Waterloo pop-punk band Among Legends. 'The Wall' premiered exclusively through Dying Scene, and will be featured on the band's new EP Starting Over, scheduled for release on February 28.
Contact
Mitchell Buchanan
Among Legends
***@amonglegends.com Mitchell BuchananAmong Legends
End
-- "'The Wall' is a song about never giving up on the people you care about," said Cameron Bechtloff, lead guitarist of Among Legends and primary songwriter for the single. "The strongest relationships can make it through some pretty bitter fights, and this song takes place in one of those times where that bond is really tested.""I love playing this song live," said Sara Fellin, drummer of Among Legends. "Every instrument gets a chance to shine. The bass is strong and melodic, the guitar work is really dynamic, and the drums have this cool, unique pattern. Everything just works so well together."'The Wall' premiered exclusively through Dying Scene and will be streaming online until February 17, when it will become available across all major streaming platforms and on amonglegends.com. It will be included in Starting Over, the upcoming EP from Among Legends, which is scheduled to be released on February 28.Contact Mitchell Buchanan at (905) 964-8504 or band@amonglegends.com.Pop-punk band Among Legends combines catchy, energetic music with messages of inclusiveness and positivity. Their debut EP Charles St was released in April 2016 to strong support from radio stations and music blogs worldwide, including For The Love Of Punk, Canadian Beats, Pure Grain Audio, and 100.3fm CKMS Waterloo. Their standalone single "We Were Vaguely Saints" was released in September 2016, and was met with support from renowned music sites, including Exclaim! Music and Dying Scene. Among Legends will release a new EP titled Starting Over on February 28, 2017.
Rory McIlroy admits he will have "no excuses" for not performing well in this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open.
McIlroy won the title in 2016 but has missed the cut in four of the last five years, during which time he has had to juggle his duties as tournament host of the £5.3million event.
"I've cut back from a few things off the golf course," McIlroy said in his pre-tournament press conference at Ballyliffin. "It's not that we're not doing them, I'm just maybe not as involved in some of the stuff.
"There's been a couple of times where I just haven't felt as prepared as I could have been walking on to the first tee on Thursday. So I got here Monday morning, practised Monday afternoon and all day yesterday.
"I've done my work. So there's no excuse about not being prepared or not, and I've learned that as I went along. I felt I was underprepared at County Down [in 2015]. I felt OK at The K Club I guess. I've learnt as I went along and I feel this year I'm right where I need to be."
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's biggest comedian Michael McIntyre is coming to Arena Birmingham for - Michael McIntyre's Big World Tour.
The comedian will be at Arena Birmingham for four nights from Thursday 10 May to Sunday 13 May.
Michael McIntyre's Big World Tour will see the BAFTA award-winning comedian perform to arenas across the UK and Ireland in 2018 as well as revisiting Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa and Norway and heading to America, Canada, Switzerland, Iceland, Sweden, Malta and the Netherlands for the first time.
In the UK, Michael has sold over 1.5 million tickets, and around the world, Michael has previously sold out arenas in New Zealand, Australia and Dubai.
Tickets are available to purchase via the Ticket Factory here
He also holds the record for the biggest selling comedy shows in South Africa and Norway.
2016 saw the launch of Michael's own television show Michael McIntyre's Big Show on BBC One. In 2017, the show earned two nominations at the prestigious BAFTA TV Awards, including Best Entertainment Performance, which Michael went on to win, and the show itself earned a nomination for Best Entertainment Programme.
The last series averaged over 6.5 million viewers and the show has been commissioned for a third series, returning to BBC1 in the coming months.
His other TV accolades include; hosting the Royal Variety Performance twice, Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow (BBC One), Michael McIntyre's Easter Night At The Coliseum (BBC One), Michael McIntyre's Very Christmassy Christmas Show (BBC One) and as a judge on Britain's Got Talent (ITV1).
Michael has released four best-selling DVDs by Universal Pictures (UK) - Live and Laughing in 2008, Hello Wembley in 2009 (which became the fastest-selling UK stand-up DVD of all time), 2012's Showtime and 2015's Happy & Glorious, both of which became Christmas DVD best-sellers. Collectively Michael has sold a staggering 3.5 million DVD's to date.
His debut autobiography Life & Laughing was released in 2010 by Penguin Books. With hundreds of thousands of copies sold the book landed the coveted Christmas number one slot and became one of the best-selling non-fiction books that year.
Tickets are available to purchase via the Ticket Factory here
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
World-famous Kiwi mural artist Graham Hoete has spent his week live-painting at the Waikato Fieldays, ahead of a campaign that will see him paint community inspired murals around heartland New Zealand.
Mr Hoete, better known by the moniker Mr G, gained worldwide recognition for his art when his murals of Prince in Minnesota, and Steven Adams in Oklahoma went viral online.
This week he's been at the Fieldays in a "live painting shed" spray painting a one-of-a-kind life size fibreglass cow.
His pink and black masterpiece is being auctioned off on Trademe as part of his campaign alongside Farmlands Co-operative to celebrate rural New Zealand.
The listing has been viewed more than 300 times, and one person has already placed a bid of $1,200.
His live painting at Fieldays is part of a larger artistic campaign that will see Mr G tour the length of heartland New Zealand to paint locally-inspired murals on Farmland stores, in a bid to honour community pride.
The Herald this week marks the launch of Super Diverse Women — a new organisation dedicated to championing the rights and achievements of women from indigenous and migrant backgrounds. Today, we talk to Barbara Ala'alatoa, principal of Sylvia Park School.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
Describe your ethnic or cultural background and how this has shaped the way you view yourself and the world.
I was born in New Zealand to a Samoan father and a Pakeha mother. I grew up in Otara and later Mangere where I still live today. I would describe myself as a New Zealand Samoan which always seems incredibly arbitrary to me given the complexity of what any part of that means. If I have learned anything about the labels or descriptions of how people identify themselves it is to make no assumptions about what it means.
What benefits does society garner from more gender and ethnic diversity?
There are so many obvious things to draw on like (dare I say it!) food, dress, practices and a raft of other things.
However, difference is far too easy to spot. I think the thing that we sometimes miss is the fact that the differences within a 'group' of people are as vast as those across groups of people. We'd learn a lot by not making assumptions about people based on what they are and instead learn about the perspectives and talents they have.
Many New Zealanders like to think they are part of an increasingly tolerant society. Is this fact or fiction?
At different levels of society New Zealanders are incredibly tolerant. However, far too often diversity of the community is not mirrored in influential positions across workplaces and professions in the country. We have a lot of work to do to start making changes in the spaces that create influence.
Have you faced discrimination, as a woman and/or as a member of a migrant community or ethnic minority? Where did this take place and how did or does it affect you?
Continued below.
Related Content Super diverse women celebrated at launch Super Diverse Women Q&A: Charmeyne Te Nana-Williams Video Watch: Barbara Alaalatoa - Chair, Education Council of Aotearoa New Zealand
When I was appointed as principal of the school I am currently at, a local leader of an organisation announced to a gathering of parents that the school "was really going to go downhill because an Islander had been appointed". Mostly things like this make me feel powerful more than anything because I know that they just don't get it and then I look forward to a "watch this space" time.
What advice do you have for others who face it?
Add it to your tool kit if you can - know how much more you know and let it make you feel powerful.
Debates around creating more equal workplaces have been dominated by the gender pay gap and gender diversity on boards or in executive teams. In your experience do members of migrant communities or ethnic minorities also face discrimination in the workplace?
The fact that there is a lack of diversity on boards and executive teams tell us that there are at the very least discriminatory processes. We know this because we know that ethnic minorities generally don't lack for brains or talent.
What strategies do you think could be effective in creating more diverse workplaces or social institutions?
We have to be deliberate in our strategies to recruit and retain diverse staff. We need visibility of those diverse people in key roles so that our people, our children see this as normal and not special.
How can the media do a better job of reflecting New Zealand's growing diversity?
Be deliberate about creating a visibility of people in roles that might be seen as non-traditional. Seeing is truly believing. Also, stop using "South Auckland" when reporting crimes and bad news stories. What is that!
- NZ Herald
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
This image shows how a lorry was left completely wrecked after it caught fire on a busy road near Derby.
The blaze happened on the A50 westbound at Uttoxeter on Friday evening which led to traffic being held in both directions.
Eye witnesses said they heard "four explosions" just before 7.30pm when the blaze started
Motorist Des Morrison, who was at the front of one of the queues of stopped traffic, said: “I'm sat right behind the lorry - fire crew are tackling it now. There's been four explosions.”
Traffic information company Inrix said the A50 at Uttoxeter was completely closed as a "precaution". Highways England then said traffic eastbound was moving again but the westbound carriageway would be closed for several hours so a clean-up could take place.
A diversion was installed for stranded motorists via Checkley Village then back on to the A50 at Blythe Bridge.
(Image: Leigh Prince)
Highways England announced the road had reopened just before 5am this morning.
It tweeted: "All lanes are now open on #A50 W/bound nr #Uttoxeter btwn #A518 + B5030, following an earlier lorry fire. Slight delays remain."
The image released by Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service shows the lorry destroyed an was tweeted after 10.30pm.
Firefighters from Longton and Uttoxeter were called out to tackle the flames. It is unknown yet how the fire started.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Ramadan officially ends, the daily fasting is over and the next month - Shawwal - starts with the festivities of Eid al-Fitr.
The dates aren't known until a day or two beforehand because the Islamic calendar is based on the lunar cycle.
If the first crescent of the new moon is seen at Mecca before sunset on the 29th day, then that month is deemed to have ended and the next month begins.
If the moon isn't seen - for reasons such as heavy cloud cover - then the month carries on for one more day and the next month starts the day after that.
Because Islam follows a lunar calendar, dates drift back by 11 days a year in the sun-based Gregorian calendar used by most of the rest of the Western world.
In some parts of the world, Muslim officials instead use astronomical charts to follow the cycle of the moon, rather than relying on observation.
It allows governments in some Muslim-majority countries to plan public holidays and civic events in advance rather than wait for a moon sighting at the last minute.
It also means the dates of Ramadan and Eid are already mapped out.
And for those that do still rely on sightings, it gives a very good idea of when Ramadan and Eid are likely to be, subject to a difference of a day or so.
For instance, the astronomical charts for 2017 said Eid al-Fitr would be on Sunday, June 25.
As with the dates for all Islamic months, the moon has to be seen at Mecca on the 29th day for the month to end that day. If it's not seen, the month goes on another day.
So, depending on whether the moon was seen on June 24, Eid was going to be on June 25 or June 26. And when the moon was sighted, it ended up taking place on June 25.
So what are the predicted dates of these events for 2018?
Here's all the info you need:
Ramadan 2018
(Image: AP)
The first day of the month of fasting will be Wednesday, May 16, 2018, based on astronomical charts, and subject to a moon sighting close to that time. Ramadan is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar.
The earlier date means that Ramadan is se to be finished before the longest day of the year. But it still falls within the long, warm days of summer so there will be extended periods of daily fasting, lasting almost 19 hours.
As the months move back through the Western calendar, Ramadan is set to begin in April by 2020, in March by 2023 and in February by 2026. That means the daily hours of fasting will get shorter, offering some comfort to those who struggle to go without food and drink for such long periods.
Eid al-Fitr 2018
The Eid festivities of the first day of the new month of Shawwal will be on Friday, June 15, 2018, based on astronomical charts, and subject to a moon sighting close to that time.
As with Ramadan, Eid will get earlier and earlier as the years go on, meaning the weather for Birmingham's outdoor Eid celebrations in Small Heath Park might be colder and wetter.
Prayers are moved to local mosques if conditions are too miserable.
Eid al-Adha 2018
The second set of annual Eid festivities - translating as the Feast of the Sacrifice - starts on the 10th day of the month of Dhu al-Hijjah (the 12th and final month of the Islamic calendar) and lasts until the 13th day.
The 10th day falls on Tuesday, August 21, 2018, according to astronomical charts and subject to a moon sighting close to that time.
This event still involves outdoor prayers in Birmingham's Small Heath Park. As with Eid ul Fitr, the prayers would be moved indoors to local mosques if the weather is bad.
So you can now pencil in those dates in your diaries and on your calendars and have some idea when next year's Ramadan fasting and Eid festivities will happen.
There is a range of packages to Mecca available on Expedia. You can check them out here
May 2 Angie's List Inc
* Angie's List reports first quarter 2017 results and merger with IAC's HomeAdvisor
* Q1 revenue $73.1 million versus I/B/E/S view $74.5 million
* Angie's List Inc says Q1 gross member additions of 860,000, up 357% from 188,000 in q1 of 2016
* Angie's List Inc - in light of pending merger, Angie's List will not be hosting a conference call for its q1 2017 results
* Angie's List Inc - qtrly net income per common share - diluted $ 0.03
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.03 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WOULDNT IT BE NICE: North Bundy News owner Donna Fuernsinn and staff member Jacqui ODonnell celebrate selling a Division 1-winning lotto ticket.
THE search continues for Bundy's mystery millionaire with last week's million-dollar jackpot yet be claimed.
Each week it remains unclaimed chips away at the time the winner, who bought the lucky ticket at North Bundy News, has to claim the prize.
Lotto winners have seven years from the date of the draw to claim their winnings.
Golden Casket spokesman Matthew Hart said large lotto prizes were generally claimed with a week or two of the draw.
But, he said, the winner may have been on holidays during the Easter break and only returned home this week.
There could be other reasons the prize remains unclaimed.
In 2013, a Bundaberg man in his 60s retrieved a Saturday Gold Lotto entry from the rubbish bin after he discovered he'd won a share in division one worth more than $470,000.
Of course, the winner could also be well aware of their good fortune but has decided to wait to claim their loot.
In February, a Newcastle man claimed a $1 million lottery win from more than a year earlier after finding an unregistered ticket while cleaning his car.
According to a 2015, more than $14 million in prize money was waiting to be claimed by lotto winners.
Seven of the unclaimed prizes were more than $1 million, three of which were worth more than $2 million.
Lotto wins that go unclaimed for seven years either go to the Queensland Government or are used for lotto marketing purposes.
Players can reduce the risk of missing out on prizes by using a Winners Circle card to register their name with tickets, or by buying tickets online.
North Bundy News and McCrackens Newsagency, now called Winners Nest, have sold two division one winning entries during the last decade.
If you haven't already, check your tickets - you could be a $1 million richer.
The largest division one lotto win in Bundaberg was in 2015, when a $1,388,141.84 prize was won with a ticket sold at East Bundy News.
A JustGiving appeal launched for Alfie, the popular Rushden station cat who died on Sunday, has already raised more than £800.
The JustGiving crowdfunding page was set up to raise £600 to help pay the vet bills after Alfie became seriously ill last week.
Alfie at Rushden Station
People were devastated to learn that Aflie had died after getting a virus, but they have continued to donate and £835 has now been raised.
Many people will recognise the ginger cat from events organised by Rushden Historical Transport Society at the station, where he could often be seen enjoying the sunshine on the platform.
The Justgiving page, as well as Alfie's Facebook page which has more than 5,500 likes, have attracted hundreds of tributes from around the world.
One user of the station wrote: “He knew how much he was loved, by you, his humans and by everyone he met at the station.”
Alfie
One American visitor wrote: “One of my favourite memories of our trip to England last year was meeting Alfie.
“My husband and I were retracing some of my father's journey as a US Airman to the UK during WW2.”
A fundraiser is still set to go ahead at the station on Saturday (June 17).
It had been organised to raise money to pay for Alfie's vet bills, but with the bill now covered, the money will go towards a memorial for Alfie.
Fiona Bain, who has been organising the JustGiving campaign for Alfie, said: “After the previous station cat died, Mark One, Alfie turned up and has been patrolling Rushden station ever since.”
And she added: “Alfie will be sorely missed.
“It is a fitting tribute that Alfie will be buried in the station garden next to the platform.”
The Facebook post letting people know about Alfie's death said: “It is with great sadness and with the heaviest of hearts we have to announce the sad passing of our beloved Alfie...AKA Rushden Station Cat.
“Thank you all again for the kind words and donations.
“It has excelled our expectations and means the world to us to know how much he was loved.
“We have covered his vet bill and his fundraiser on Saturday will go towards a suitable memorial that will obviously be in a prominent place at the station.”
The post has had 375 shares and attracted 650 comments.
To read some of the hundreds of tributes left for Alfie on his Facebook page, click here
And to support the appeal, click here
(Adds quote, details)
By Felix Onuah and Chijioke Ohuocha
ABUJA/LAGOS, March 29 Nigeria raised $500 million by issuing a 15-year Eurobond on Wednesday with a yield of 7.5 percent, the finance ministry said, helping it plug a huge budget deficit in Africa's largest economy.
To revive the economy, which slipped into recession last year for the first time in 25 years, the government plans to increase spending by almost 20 percent this year, leaving it with a budget shortfall of 2.36 trillion naira ($7.7 billion).
The money from the new bond, which follows an oversubscribed $1 billion Eurobond issue last month, will help fund infrastructure development work outlined in last year's budget, Finance Minister Kemi Adeosun said.
"The proceeds from this additional note issuance will go towards funding capital projects in the 2016 budget," she said.
Nigeria has been hit by a slump in global oil prices, which has reduced government revenues and battered its naira currency .
The government plans to spend a record 7.3 trillion naira ($24 billion) this year to help get the country out of recession. It planned to spend 6.1 trillion naira last year, but struggled to fund its budget.
Nigeria's February $1 billion Eurobond issue, set to mature in 2032, priced at 7.875 percent and was almost eight times oversubscribed.
The slightly lower yield the government will pay on Wednesday's issue may be an indication of the strength of demand for Nigerian debt overseas.
The country has registered a $300 million Diaspora bond programme, targeted at Nigerians abroad, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is seeking at least $1 billion in loans from the World Bank and a $1.3 billion loan from China to fund railway projects.
The country is also planning a 20 billion naira "green bond" next month after a new savings bond this month targeted at retail investors to broaden its funding base. ($1 = 306.6500 naira) (Writing by Paul Carsten and Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
* U.S. to sell $24 billion 3-year notes at 1 p.m. EDT * Fed could begin balance sheet wind-down by year-end -Bullard * Yellen to speak on policy at U. Michigan at 4:10 p.m. EDT (Updates prices, adds comments) By Richard Leong NEW YORK, April 10 U.S. Treasury yields dipped on Monday in advance of the government's $24 billion debt auction, part of its $56 billion sale of notes and bonds this week. Reduced trading volume due to Passover and Easter holidays this week may end up depressing bids for the latest wave of Treasuries, analysts said. "The auctions this week are going to be a challenge," said Sharon Stark, fixed income strategist at InCapital LLC in Boca Raton, Florida. The U.S. Treasury Department will sell $20 billion in 10-year notes on Tuesday and $12 billion in 30-year bonds on Wednesday. Geopolitical tension in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula, following a somewhat weaker-than-expected March U.S. jobs report released on Friday, has underpinned safehaven demand for low-risk government debt, analysts said. The decline in bond yields was limited by remarks from Federal Reserve officials on the possibility the U.S. central bank would begin paring reinvestments into Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities. Earlier Monday, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said the Fed could begin winding down its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year. Wall Street's top banks see the central bank making such a move in 2017, according to a Reuters poll conducted on Friday. "The Fed is worried about complacency in the market. They want to be as clear as possible and give the market plenty of lead time," Stark said. Investors await further clues on balance sheet normalization from Fed Chair Janet Yellen who will participate in a discussion on public policy at the University of Michigan at 4:10 p.m. (2010 GMT). The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield was 2.364 percent, down 1 basis point from late on Friday, while the 30-year yield was 1 basis point lower at 2.988 percent. In "when-issued" activity, traders expected the Treasury will sell the upcoming three-year note at a yield of 1.523 percent, compared with 1.630 percent at last month's three-year auction, Tradeweb data showed. U.S. financial markets will close on the Good Friday holiday. April 10 Monday 10:45AM New York / 1445 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 151-25/32 0-9/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 124-228/256 0-20/256 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 0.8075 0.8203 0.000 Six-month bills 0.94 0.9575 0.005 Two-year note 99-242/256 1.2781 -0.008 Three-year note 100-92/256 1.4989 -0.005 Five-year note 99-226/256 1.8998 -0.011 Seven-year note 99-160/256 2.1832 -0.009 10-year note 99 2.3643 -0.009 30-year bond 100-64/256 2.9872 -0.010 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 31.50 -1.25 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 26.00 -2.00 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 9.50 -1.00 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -3.75 -0.75 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -40.00 0.00 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong Editing by W Simon)
A man is seen in silhouette as he walks behind the logo of BNP Paribas in a building in Issy-les-Moulineaux, near Paris, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
BNP Paribas SA (BNPP.PA) said Wednesday it has sold its $120 million (96.22 million pounds) share of the loan for the Dakota Access Pipeline, becoming the second bank to divest from the project that faced opposition from Native Americans and environmentalists.
The move by the French bank follows the announcement made last month by Dutch bank ING Groep NV (INGA.AS), which said it wanted to send "a valuable message" by selling its $120 million share of a $2.5 billion loan from 17 banks and called for "respectful dialogue" with tribes in future infrastructure project transactions.
President Donald Trump approved the $3.7 billion pipeline in February, reversing the prior administration which had blocked it last December with a decision by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP.N), which operates the 1,100-mile (1,770-km) pipeline, has begun filling the line with crude and could reach full operating capacity by late April, based on industry estimates.
Energy Transfer was not immediately available for comment.
BNP said it made the decision after a review of the project and consulting with all of its stakeholders.
"The sale of our stake signals the importance of full and detailed consultation on projects that impact large numbers of stakeholders," the bank said in a statement.
After the pipeline was approved, lingering protestors cleared the encampment occupied since August at the edge of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation near cannonball, North Dakota.
Some protesters have turned their focus to divestment campaigns targeting banks with a stake in the pipeline. Cities such as Seattle and San Francisco have divested from Dakota-invested banks.
(Reporting by Valerie Volcovici in Washington; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
ROME (AP) — Italy's populist 5-Star Movement says it's open to find agreement with the Democratic Party on forming a government, but that its members would have to vote on any such alliance.
The country's March 4 parliamentary election produced an inconclusive outcome. A new round of consultations on creating the next Italian government began on Tuesday.
Five-Star leader Luigi Di Maio declared all negotiations with the right-wing League dead. He said the League was "condemned to irrelevance" by refusing to break with former Premier Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia.
The 5-Stars, the election's single biggest vote-getter, now are looking to the center-left Democrats, who are badly divided. Some want to be in opposition, while others are open to a 5-Star deal.
Advertisement
Di Maio says Italians should vote again, if no deal is reached.
Galaxy Battles Dota World Season 2, to be held at the Philippine Arena in Bocaue, Bulacan in January 2018, aims to break the the highest number of crowd attendance in an electronic-sports (e-sports) tournament Guiness World Record .
Advertisements
“So the indoor stadium (Philippine Arena) actually has a maximum capacity of 60,000 and we're targeting to fill the whole stadium,” said Malaysian general manager Ian Tan of Fall out Gaming and Purpose Win during Friday's news conference at the Samsung Hall in SM Aura in Taguig City.
“If I'm not mistaken, the current record holder is approximately 45, 000 capacity crowds,” he added.
The regional invitational qualifiers and the open qualifiers of the tournament will be played in China, Southeast Asia, Europe, Commonwealth of Independent States, North America and South America. The qualifying period will determine the top eight qualifying slots for the Galaxy Battles qualifiers.
The tournament offers a total of $1 million cash prizes.
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
More than two-thirds of B.C. residents say the province's record-high prices are having a negative impact on their lives, a newly released poll suggests.
In a survey of 810 British Columbians, 67 per cent said they'd felt the effects personally. Thirty per cent said the impact has been "very negative."
And nearly nine-in-10 called the increase at the pumps a serious problem, Insights West said Wednesday, but only three per cent said they'd reached out to an MLA or MP to complain.
When asked whether they thought the high prices – which broke records several days in a row in Metro Vancouver this spring – were here to stay, 43 per cent said they thought the change was permanent, while about one-third said they think they'll drop again.
Regardless, the majority thought they'd continue to increase over the next month, and many felt they'd be higher still six months from now.
Respondents were asked exactly how high they thought prices will rise in the summer, a time of year often associated with increased prices as members of the public look to get away for vacations and long weekends.
Nearly six-in-10 said they'll be above the current average in Metro Vancouver of $1.59 per litre. Seventeen per cent predicted prices will pass $1.85, while 26 per cent guessed somewhere between $1.56 and $1.65.
Nearly half cutting back on vehicle use
Insights West asked their sample how they were adapting to increased prices, if they'd taken any action at all. Nearly half of respondents said they're using their vehicles less, while about two-in-five said they're not driving as far.
About a third said they've cut down on spending in other areas to balance their budgets, while a quarter said they're buying less gas at a time.
Many also said they'd gone across the border to fill up, changed their vacation plans and/or thought about trading in their vehicle for a hybrid or electric car.
"British Columbians are really feeling the impact of rising gas prices and they don't seem to believe things are going to change any time soon, which has resulted in changing behaviour around driving," Insights West president Steve Mossop said in a statement.
Others said they've been leaving their vehicle at home more often, opting instead to take transit. Insights West said about 15 per cent of respondents said it was a measure they'd taken.
TransLink said it has noticed an increase in ridership in recent years, though it's difficult to say exactly how much of that increase is tied to the price of gas.
In a statement, senior media relations officer Chris Bryan said ridership increases are generally due to a combination of rising prices, increased transit service and employment growth.
Bryan said use of weekday transit was up 5.1 per cent in April when compared to the same month last year. Ridership in 2017 was up 5.7 per cent from the year before, and use of transit in 2016 was up 4.5 per cent from 2015.
Ridership is growing in Metro Vancouver faster than anywhere else in Canada and the U.S., TransLink said.
When it came to those who responded to Insights West, the majority of people who said they'd changed their habits already live outside of the Lower Mainland, and were below the age of 55.
What's to blame for increased prices?
Insights West also asked respondents what they thought were the reasons behind the price escalation. Of the options given to those polled, government taxes, profit-seeking oil companies and a lack of large refineries in B.C. took the most blame.
Fingers were also pointed at the low dollar, uncertainty over the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion and low Canadian dollar.
The option that took the least heat was a shortage of gas supply globally.
The poll was conducted by Insights West online between May 18 and 23. The data was statistically weighted and comes with a margin of error of +/-3.4 per cent.
With files from CTV Vancouver's David Molko
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — The Latest on the appeals of two former allies of former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie who were convicted in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case (all times local):
Noon
Two former allies of former Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie convicted in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case say their actions didn't violate federal law.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly argued in federal appeals court on Tuesday that their 2016 convictions should be thrown out because the government misapplied the law when it charged them.
Advertisement
They were convicted in 2016 on fraud, conspiracy and civil rights counts for causing traffic jams to punish a New Jersey mayor who wouldn't endorse Christie for re-election.
Baroni faces 24 months in prison, and Kelly faces 18 months.
Their attorneys argued Tuesday that the indictment against them was flawed because there is no recognized right to intrastate travel and because the lane realignment didn't benefit them personally.
___
12:05 a.m.
Two former allies of former Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will try and convince a federal appeals court their convictions in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case should be reversed.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly are scheduled to argue in court on Tuesday in Philadelphia.
They were convicted in 2016 of carrying out a plot to cause massive traffic jams at the bridge connecting New Jersey and New York to punish a mayor who wouldn't endorse Christie for re-election in 2013.
The plot's architect was former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey official David Wildstein, a high school acquaintance of Christie's. He pleaded guilty and testified against Baroni and Kelly.
Christie wasn't charged, but the scandal torpedoed his presidential aspirations in the 2016 Republican primary.
US President Donald Trump's "Taiwan Travel Act" continues to draw ire from Chinese authorities. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said Saturday the bill "severely violates" the "one China" principle and sends "very wrong signals to the 'pro-independence' separatist forces in Taiwan."
"China is strongly opposed to [the bill]," Lu said in a statement.
"We urge the US side to correct its mistake, stop pursuing any official ties with Taiwan or improving its current relations with Taiwan in any substantive way," he added.
In a separate statement, Chinese defense ministry spokesman Wu Qian said the act "interferes in China's internal affairs."
China urges the US to "stop pursuing any US-Taiwan military ties and stop arms sales to Taiwan, so as to avoid causing serious damage to the bilateral and military relations between China and the US, and to the peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," the statement said.
Read more:
China jails Taiwan activist Lee Ming-che for 'subversion'
White House gaffe names China's Xi Jinping as president of Taiwan
Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen refuses to acknowledge the democratic island as part of "one China"
'A beacon of democracy'
On Friday, Trump signed legislation increasing contact between Washington officials and their Taiwanese counterparts, irking China, which considers Taiwan as part of its territory.
The "Taiwan Travel Act" will allow unrestricted two-way travel for officials from the United States and Taiwan, thus restoring direct official US contact with the self-ruled island, which was cut in 1979 when Washington switched diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing.
The United States still does not have formal ties with Taiwan, but is required by law to help it with self-defense.
Washington dubs Taiwan "a beacon of democracy" in Asia and states that its "democratic achievements inspire many countries and people in the region."
On the other hand, China's relationship with Taiwan has taken a turn for the worse since the 2016 inauguration of Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, who has refused to endorse Beijing's view that the island belongs to it.
Read more: Opinion: Xi Jinping – Today's chairman, tomorrow's dictator?
Watch video 01:28 Share China punishes US companies Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2qm0W China punishes US companies
shs/jlw (AFP, Reuters)
Under President Donald Trump, the US has expanded its sanctions against Venezuela. Now it's mulling a ban on the Latin American country's oil exports - a move that could prove to be a double-edged sword for Washington....
read more...
Published By: DW World - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
12:06 a.m. Friday marked the end of Day 1 of the UAAP Beach Volleyball Tournament over at Sands, SM by the Bay.
Advertisements
It has been 10 years since the event was officially included in the UAAP, only after being a demo sport back in Season 69. The first-ever champions was FEU in both men's and women's divisions. The Morayta powerhouse was represented by Wendy Ann Semana, the season's MVP, her partner Shaira Gonzales, who bagged the Rookie of the Year award, Joshua Alcarde, who also won the MVP award and his teammate, Jerry Mabutol. A quite similar ending happened last season as both championship titles were won by one university —this time going to España—courtesy of the tandem of Cherry Ann Rondina, who won her second MVP award on the sand and Jem Gutierrez, and MVP KR Guzman with partner Anthony Arbasto.
Since its introduction, beach volleyball has been held in the UE Caloocan grounds. It was the perfect venue that made this event an intimate one, as only the players, coaches and family members were allowed in the venue. They would take turns to sit on the 40-seater bleacher, depending on whether their team is up next. The sport eventually moved to Pasay City since Season 78 when Sands by the Bay opened its door to hosting the collegiate tournament. The new venue made it possible for a lot of fans to watch the games comfortably, sunny day or not.
You were probably wondering how the games during the Thursday-opening day ended so late? This year, the UAAP Board decided to start the games at 3 p.m. so that athletes could avoid playing under the unforgiving sun. It is quite ironic though that a beach sport would be moved due to this purpose. It takes the essence out of the game, which makes it a whole different sport from the more-familiar indoor volleyball. One has to consider a factor not just playing on the sand, but also the sun, wind, and sometimes the rain. I was able to ask some of the coaches and they agreed that the scheduling of the games could have been planned better. Starting the game mid-afternoon also opens up to the possibility of ending too late, which did happen on opening day. The schedule also made the women's teams, who played first in the afternoon, wait too long for their turn, which came late in the evening.
And speaking of how beach is a whole different sport from indoor, it was interesting to witness how fans were expecting the women's teams of La Salle and Ateneo — the ones who dominated last year's indoor volleyball season, to easily dominate the sand court. Given that the players from both squads are fairly new to the sport and that they've lost their first games at the hands of first and second placers of the beach tourney last year, this could be a good way to introduce the sport to the loyal fans of indoor volleyball and for the sport to grow. There are tons of beautiful beaches in our country and it's about time that outdoor sports realize their full potential.
The UAAP Beach Volleyball Championships continues today and tomorrow, and next week on October 12 to 15.
Workers clean windows outside the Cape Town headquarters of Anglo-South African financial services company Old Mutual, March 7, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Britain's Old Mutual Plc (OML.L) said it would sell its 26 percent stake in Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd to Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd (KTKM.NS) for about 12.93 billion rupees ($201.7 million)(£156.28 million).
The sale will end Old Mutual's joint venture with Kotak Mahindra Bank, the company said late Thursday.
The net consideration after tax is 11.7 billion rupees, Old Mutual said.
The deal, which is subject to regulatory approval, is expected to be completed in the second half of the year.
Old Mutual is in the midst of breaking up its business in four parts by the end of next year. The firm aims to list or sell its emerging markets business and is sharpening focus on its sub-Saharan Africa business.
(Reporting by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
Contact
Dan Jenkins
***@trakm8.com Dan Jenkins
End
-- Trakm8 Prime, the UK's first fully-online vehicle tracking solution, is expanding its offering to include the company's RoadHawk dash cams.Designed for small to medium-sized fleets, Trakm8 Prime is the only vehicle tracking solution in the UK that allows the customer to buy online, without first having to deal with a sales person. The tracker unit can be self-installed in seconds, which means that there are no installation or removal fees - and vehicle downtime is kept to a minimum.Customers can now add a dash cam to their package with Trakm8 Prime Protect. Like the Trakm8 Prime tracking unit, the dash cam is easy to self-install. Dash cams are proven to cut insurance premiums by up to 10 per cent, with some brokers now offering discounted insurance premiums to firms that fit dash cams to all company vehicles.Colin Ferguson, Managing Director of Fleet and Optimisation for Trakm8, said: "Dash cams give businesses an added level of security and peace of mind, as well as saving them money."Our fully-online Prime Protect solution makes it easy and affordable for businesses to bundle vehicle tracking and dash cams."The RoadHawk DC-2 HD GPS Dash Cam provides hard evidence that is accepted by police and insurance companies, including the exact data and time an incident occurred, as well as vehicle speed and precise GPS location.The DC-2 features full 1080p video recording, gyro-balanced image stabilisation and a high-quality sensor to record footage in low-light scenarios. A G-Force sensor triggers the creation of an event file in the case of fsbdt a collision or a near-miss, giving users quick and easy access to the footage.Trakm8 Prime Protect, the combined package of the RoadHawk DC-2 dash cam and Trakm8 Prime, is priced at £23.99 or less per vehicle, per month. Alternatively, Trakm8 Prime is available as a stand-alone product, priced at £12.99 or less per vehicle, per month. It combines GPS tracking with innovative features designed to help save time and money, including a driver coaching system and Trakm8's market-leading vehicle health alerts. It also includes well as business / private mileage management for quick and easy P11D returns.For further details on Trakm8 Prime Protect, please visit https://buy.trakm8.com/ prime/
DAVIE, Fla. - A man is recovering after one of his employees splashed his face with boiling water.
"I just felt the splash in my face, my skin sizzling," Claudio Salcedo said. "Never thought anyone could do such a thing."
But it did happen Friday outside the 595 truck stop in Davie.
Salcedo said he accompanied other managers at the business in questioning 33-year-old Jondre Thomas about missing money.
Related: Woman burns supervisor's face over missing cash in Davie, police say
"And she went ahead and got very defensive, stormed out of the room slamming the door," Salcedo said.
Moments later, he said she met him outside.
"She said, 'You've been trying to get me fired.' And when I went to tell her, 'You know, not true,'" Salcedo said.
Surveillance cameras captured the attack.
Local 10 News was there as Thomas was taken to jail. She had nothing to say.
The woman told detectives she believes Salcedo set her up to be fired.
Thomas has bonded out of jail and she's been fired from the truck stop business.
Meantime, Salcedo will be staying at home recovering.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) — A Huntington man who admitted to being drunk and behind the wheel of a passenger van that crashed in October, killing two people and hurting six more, will avoid prison.
Todd W. James, 52, was sentenced in Allen Superior Court on Friday to four years probation after Judge John Surbeck suspended a six-year sentence. James pleaded guilty in December to two felony counts of Causing Death When Operating a Motor Vehicle While Intoxicated, both related to the Oct. 1 crash along S.R. 1 that killed 21-year-old Harvey M. Schwartz and 17-year-old Louis E. Schwartz, both of South Whitley.
It was around 2 a.m. that morning that police and medics were called to the 14000 block of S.R. 1 near Amstutz Road in Leo. There, a Ford passenger van with 16 people inside, including nine juveniles, went off the road and hit a tree.
According to a probable because affidavit filed in Allen Superior Court, James was the driver of the van. Investigating officers noticed a “moderate to strong odor of an alcoholic beverage” on him, and noted his eyes were “watery and bloodshot,” the affidavit said.
A blood sample taken at a local hospital showed James had a blood alcohol content of 0.13 percent, the affidavit said.
James had faced a sentence of 4-12 years, according to Indiana Code sentencing guidelines, but the family of the victims asked the court to show leniency on him.
The judge ordered his license be suspended for five years.
More than £12 million has been paid out by Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust for medical negligence claims in the last five years.
The total figure, £12,068,336, paid out between 2012 and 2017, was revealed in a BBC investigation of medical negligence costs for all NHS Trusts nationally.
Across England, Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust (HDFT), was ranked 145th of 258 Trusts for total payouts, with London-based Barts Health NHS Trust topping the chart.
Dr David Scullion, Medical Director at HDFT, said: “Although rare, serious incidents resulting in a claim do occur.
“Harrogate and District NHS Foundation Trust treats all claims very seriously.
“NHS Resolution payments on behalf of the Trust relate to a very small number of cases when compared to the overall numbers of patients seen.
“The number of cases which result in successful litigation is low. The Trust is committed to putting measures in place to improve patient safety and experience when such cases occur.
“Incidents are thoroughly investigated and we look to learn lessons from each in order to further improve the safety and quality of care for our patients.
“Every year, NHS trusts pay an annual insurance-like contribution to NHS Resolution which uses the funds to settle all clinical negligence claims.
“Any payments in litigation cases are not taken out of the Trust's frontline budget to provide patient care.”
FILE PHOTO: A screen displays the logo and ticker symbol for Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., November 3, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE.N), which owns the New York Stock Exchange, said on Wednesday it has earmarked a $10 million "accrual" related to a regulatory probe into a nearly four-hour trading halt on the NYSE in July 2015, as well as other ongoing investigations.
ICE disclosed the amount in a regulatory filing after releasing its financial results for the first quarter.
The exchange and clearinghouse operator revealed in February that staff at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had recommended an enforcement action over the outage at the Big Board, which was caused by a software glitch.
It was not known if the SEC approved the recommendation, or what the amount of any enforcement-related fine would be.
The SEC declined to comment.
ICE records "accruals for those matters in circumstances when a loss contingency is considered probable and the related amount is reasonably estimable," the company said in the filing.
Stock trading is heavily reliant on technology, and exchange software issues can contribute to losses and harm investor confidence.
NYSE, which is in the process of moving all of its trading venues to a new technology platform called Pillar, most recently had a software glitch in March on its NYSE Arca exchange that prevented nearly 350 securities from completing a closing auction.
Previous SEC enforcement actions against exchanges have included a $10 million settlement with Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ.O) in 2013 over mistakes made during Facebook Inc's (FB.O) initial public offering.
The SEC also fined Bats Global Markets, now owned by CBOE Holdings (CBOE.O), $14 million in 2015 over charges an exchange it acquired had given advantages to certain high-frequency trading firms.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
ICE said its first-quarter earnings rose as higher financial futures volumes helped offset softer equities volumes and data revenues increased.
Net income attributable to ICE rose to $502 million, or 84 cents per share, from $369 million, or 62 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding acquisition-related expenses and other one-time items, ICE earned 74 cents a share, topping analysts' average estimate by a penny, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue increased to $1.16 billion from $1.15 billion, helped by an 9 percent rise in data revenue to $520 million.
ICE also said it sold its 12 percent stake in Brazil's Cetip clearinghouse and that it would use the $438 million in net proceeds to pay down debt and share repurchases.
(Reporting by John McCrank in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK (AP) — Small businesses created fewer jobs during May, joining larger companies in a slowdown that may be due to a lack of qualified candidates.
Payroll company ADP said Wednesday it counted 38,000 new jobs at its customers with 49 or fewer employees. That's down from an average of nearly 59,000 in the first four months of this year.
ADP's tally of new jobs at companies of all sizes fell to 178,000 from a four-month average of nearly 229,000.
Some companies have said in surveys they want to hire but struggle to find candidates with the right skills. A survey released Wednesday by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and MetLife showed that 32 percent of the 1,002 small business owners questioned between late March and late April expect to hire.
Advertisement
In a separate survey taken in early April by Wells Fargo and Gallup, 43 percent of the 603 owners questioned want to hire.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
MID AIR BATTLE: Players leap for the ball in last year's grand final between Bay Power and eventual winners The Waves.
A NEW era of Aussie Rules football will begin this season after years of trying and failing.
AFL Wide Bay has joined together with AFL Sunshine Coast to form AFL Wide Bay North Coast.
The new competition will see all senior sides from both associations join to create an eight-team competition.
And the plan is to not stop there.
In a five- to 10-year plan explained to the NewsMail, the new competition aspires to eventually include 16 teams.
This includes the Maryborough Bears coming into the competition in 2018 and a Sunshine Coast side either coming into the competition this year or next year.
AFL Wide Bay wants a new Bundaberg side entered into the competition in the next three years.
AFL Wide Bay president Mark Mason said everyone welcomed the change
"All in all it was very positive between the clubs,” he said.
"Sometimes these things take time and now is the right time from our perspective to start it.”
The competition will also change administrative hands.
AFL Queensland will now run it, with Wide Bay and Sunshine Coast working on building the game in the region.
"It's important to highlight we're not getting taken over,” Mason said.
"We're in a financially stable position and it is something that is happening nationwide.”
The new competition will start in April with fixtures to be decided soon.
At this stage, if eight sides enter, each side will play each other twice over 14 rounds.
Sides would then split into their associations for three more games before playing in an expanded five team competition finals series.
The grand final will be held in Gympie in the first week of September with a draw for the competition expected to be released soon.
See tomorrow's NewsMail for details on what will happen with reserves and juniors.
DETAILS
The Knowledge Group announced today that it has scheduled a live webcast entitled: The New FBAR and FATCA Requirements: Implications Uncovered! This event is scheduled on June 20, 2017 from 12:00 pm – 1:30 pm (ET).
End
--Offshore account reporting is changing, and civil & criminal penalties are still high. American citizens and residents with non-U.S. financial accounts have been struggling with these changes for the past years. Recently, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) has proposed regulations to conform FBAR filing deadlines to the new date, update the filing exemption, and require filers with 25 or more accounts. The due date for reports of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (FBAR) is June 30 of each year. However, with the proposed regulations, reports will be due every April 15. On top of that, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) are expanding offshore enforcement efforts. The list of countries automatically exchanging information with the U.S. government to implement the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), is growing. Banks anywhere around the globe want to ensure that their concerned clients are compliant with the IRS.These and other developments imply the need for financial institutions and individual taxpayers to take heed.In this LIVE webcast, a panel of distinguished professionals and thought leaders brought together by The Knowledge Group will help businesses understand the fundamental aspects of this significant topic. They will provide an in-depth discussion of the recent changes made to FBAR and FATCA Requirements. Speakers will also offer the best compliance practices and risk mitigation strategies amidst the Next Round of Offshore Tax Enforcement.Key topics include:§ The New FBAR and FATCA Requirements§ Implications of the Changes§ DOJ's and IRS' Intensified Offshore Tax Enforcement§ Best Compliance and Risk Management Practices§ Regulatory ForecastsJames A. GuadianaPartnerTorys LLPIan M. ComiskyPartnerFox Rothschild LLPKathleen A. AgbayaniOf CounselBaker & McKenzie LLPFor an updated list of the faculty panel, please visit:The Knowledge Group brings together the world's leading authorities and industry participants through informative two-hour webcasts that study the impact of changing regulations and help businesses succeed through proper regulatory compliance. Visit http://theknowledgegroup.org/ for further information and inquiry.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
THOMASTON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – An Upson County man is in jail after being arrested for distributing child pornography.
David Batchelor, 45, was arrested Monday at his home in Thomaston, according to the Georgia Bureau of Investigations (GBI). He is charged with Distribution of Child Pornography.
The GBI says Batchelor serves as Executive Administrator of the Rays of Hope Child Care Facility. He is also employed with the Department of Transportation.
Several electronic devices were seized from his home and more charges could be filed. The investigation is active and anyone with information should contact the Georgia Bureau of Investigation's Child Exploitation and Computer Crimes Unit at 404-270-8870.
Share Facebook
Twitter
author: ethan butterfield | a&c writer
The artist's debut album is making early waves on the scene
I had a wonderful sit down interview with Brodie Moniker, a local Saskatchewan-based artist. For those who don't know, Brodie is currently in the process of releasing a new album titled Nowhere Left to Ghost, led by single, “Push Play DJ,” and I must say, after taking a listen to it myself, I felt it was high time I had a face to face.
“Sometimes I think of music a lot as colours and different emotions, and stuff suits different kind of colours,” says Moniker. “Some songs to me will be like, you know if they're angry and aggressive, they'll feel red and then other songs when they're…more emotive and introspective and introverted, they have more of a blue.”
The new album, Nowhere Left to Ghost, launches March 25.
“I think ‘ghost' is quickly, if not already become one of the most overused words in popular music. So, to me, it's a bit of a tongue-in-cheek, kind of laughing at myself with it,” he laughs.
The album's art, featuring a layered analog photo of an artist collective home where Moniker spent a few years, also inspired the name.
“I think after a while it felt like you're kind of haunting the same places, sometimes the same people, and you weren't necessarily growing out of that. So this album is kind of a document of those times and putting it out is kind of a way of moving on from that part of my life I guess.”
Before our time was cut short by technical difficulties, Brodie told me about the new single, “Push Play DJ.”
“There was [sic] some people I was really close to and even in some cases myself, where, when you're working in Saskatchewan, there'll be opportunities…but there are certain opportunities with music here that arise and you have to bend who you are a little bit to kind of accommodate them.” He continues, “ I think sometimes after you get some perspective on those things…that song itself is definitely about playing music in Saskatchewan and kind of letting Saskatchewan dictate who you are musically instead of being comfortable being outside of that.”
All in all, Brodie Moniker is an artist that everyone should look into checking out. His indie rock style is something that a large number of readers out there can definitely get into. If you're not just interested in hearing the finished project and want to see a live performance, you can find him at the Telemiracle Fundraiser on Feb 24 at the Artful Dodger and at the Cloud 9 club on March 24 promoting the new album.
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko on Friday called for the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to invite the athletes whose doping bans were lifted in a court ruling to compete at this month's Pyeongchang Winter Olympics.
Twenty-eight Russian athletes had their Olympic doping bans overturned and results from the 2014 Sochi Winter Games reinstated after their appeals were upheld by the Court of Arbitration for Sport on Thursday. (Reporting by Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber; Editing by William Maclean)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Classic Ibiza is coming to Ragley Hall - and it looks as though the weather is going to be Balearic!
The family-friendly event is happening at the Alcester stately home on Saturday, July 7, 2018.
Tickets have sold out so people are being advised not to turn up at the gate or to bring any additional people along just because the weather is good.
The event will see Urban Soul Orchestra and DJ Goldierocks perform some of the biggest dance tracks from the last 20 years as Classic Ibiza with Ministry of Sound transforms Ragley Hall into an alfresco nightclub complete with lasers.
Here's a guide to everything you need to know before setting off for the gig.
What time does Classic Ibiza start?
The gates and car parks open at 6pm.
There's a Chill-out set at 8pm followed by an interval with a live DJ at 9pm.
The dance set and laser light show will start at 9.30pm.
And the concert is due to end at around 10.45pm.
Last entrance is at 9pm.
Getting to Ragley Hall
There are signposts to Ragley Hall from all routes around the area - look for yellow 'Classic Ibiza' signs as you get closer to the venue.
There are four entrances into the estate:
The main Ragley Hall entrance (Gate 2 and Gate 3) off B4090
Gate 1 off A422
Gate 4 for taxis and drop off
Parking at Classic Ibiza
Parking is free and disabled parking is available.
Taxis
Use the postcode B49 5NN when booking your taxi and make sure you're dropped off and picked up within the park, not on the A34.
Organisers are advising taxis picking up after the concert should be on site by 10.30pm at the latest to avoid delays with exiting traffic.
Amber Crystal Taxis will be running a shuttle bus service from local hotels and campsites from the north and south of Ragley. The buses will be running every 20 minutes and the timetables can be found here
People can pay on the evening and it will cost £4 each way.
Food and drink at Classic Ibiza
People are welcome to take their own picnics and drinks.
Alcohol is allowed but there will be restrictions per person, with guidelines suggesting a bottle of wine per person or four cans of beer.
No food and drink will be allowed in the dance area – all food and drink must be left within your picnic area.
Everyone will be issued with a litter bag as they enter the concert site and is being asked to take their litter home and recycle as much as they can.
There will also be a variety of bars and street food vendors on-site, open from 6pm.
Seating
There are no seats at the gig.
So, people are advised to take garden chairs and rugs.
A designated picnic area with standing room only permitted will be set up immediately in front of the main stage.
What not to take
The following items are not allowed:
Animals (with the exception of assistance dogs)
Professional camera equipment.
Naked flames – flaming torches, barbecues or candles (tea lights in enclosed lanterns are fine)
Fireworks, sparklers or Chinese lanterns
Domestic knives only will be permitted on the concert site and these will be limited to 5 inches or under and folding knives with a 3-inch blade or under
Illegal drugs
Ticket verification
Print your ticket before arriving as it will be checked once you've left your vehicle and entered the concert site.
Don't rely on showing your ticket on your phone as internet coverage at Ragley Hall is not guarenteed.
There will be bag checks on the gate.
Water
There will be free water points on the concert site.
People are advised to bring plenty of water and a container so that you can replenish frequently and not get dehydrated.
Smoking
There will be no smoking on the concert site.
A smoking area will be set up in a safe location.
For further information, click here
Classic Ibiza is also performing at a number of other venues next summer, including: Bowood House, Wiltshire, Blickling Estate, Norfolk and Hatfield House, Hertfordshire.
To keep updated, like our What's On and Brummie Mummies Facebook pages.
SAN FRANCISCO: San Francisco 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster faces dismissal if domestic violence charges against him are proven, general manager John Lynch warned Monday (Tuesday in Manila).
Foster, 24, faces three charges for an alleged assault on his 28-year-old girlfriend in February this year, which left his victim with a ruptured eardrum.
Lynch said while the 49ers were reserving judgment until all the facts of the case were known, he warned that Foster would be fired if the charges were proven.
“The gravity of these charges has not been lost on us,” Lynch told NBC Sports Bay Area. “We take it extremely seriously. We do feel like patience is the right approach right now.
“We're gonna learn things through this legal process. I do want to be abundantly clear that if these charges are proven true, if Reuben did indeed hit this young lady, he will not be part of this organization going forward.”
Foster has been charged with domestic violence, attempting to prevent the victim from reporting a crime and possessing an assault weapon.
If convicted on all counts, Foster could face up to 11 years in prison.
The National Football League has clamped down on incidents of domestic violence in recent years following criticism that the league had not been tough enough in sanctioning players accused of the crime.
Foster was a first-round pick in the 2017 NFL Draft and started 10 games last season, making 72 tackles in his rookie season.
AFP
This charging cable from Vastar features micro and mini USB, 30-pin and lightning connectors, making it compatible with a very wide range of newer and older smartphones, tablets, USB devices and more. Equipped with a connector for iPhone 6/6 plus, 5/5s, iPad4, iPad Air, iPad mini, USB type C for Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Oneplus 2, 2015 MacBook with 12" Retina Display, 2015 Google Chromebook Pixel. Micro USB connector charge for most android phones, Bluetooth headset, external batteries; Mini USB connector for some additional mobile phone models, MP3, digital cameras or other devices. The list price on this cable has been reduced 45% to just $5.99. See it on Amazon.
This story, "45% off Vastar 4-in-1 USB Charging Cable Adapter With Micro, Mini USB and Lightning - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
EMERGING MARKETS-Russian stocks lead emerging market falls with 2 pct slumps
LONDON, June 15 Russian stocks led losses on emerging markets on Thursday, hitting 15-month lows and heading for a third day of losses as risks grew of expanded U.S. sanctions and oil prices tumbled amid worries over U.S. and world economic growth.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Slate Office REIT (TSX: SOT.UN) (the "REIT"), a leading owner of office properties in Canada, announced today that the Board of Trustees has declared a distribution for the month of April 2017 of C$0.0625 per trust unit of the REIT, representing $0.75 per unit of the REIT on an annualized basis.
The distribution will be payable on May 15, 2017 to unitholders of record as of the close of business on April 28, 2017.
Distribution Reinvestment Plan
Eligible unitholders (which includes holders of Class B limited partnership units that are exchangeable into trust units of the REIT) that elect to participate in the Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the "DRIP") will have their cash distributions used to purchase trust units of the REIT. Unitholders wishing to participate should contact their investment advisors to enroll in the DRIP. Additional details and information can be found by visiting slateofficereit.com.
About Slate Office REIT (TSX: SOT.UN)
Slate Office REIT is an open-ended real estate investment trust. The REIT's portfolio currently comprises 35 strategic and well-located real estate assets located primarily across Canada's major population centres. The REIT is focused on maximizing value through internal organic rental and occupancy growth and strategic acquisitions. Visit slateofficereit.com to learn more.
About Slate Asset Management L.P.
Slate Asset Management L.P. is a leading real estate investment platform with approximately $4.0 billion in assets under management. Slate is a value-oriented manager and a significant sponsor of all of its private and publicly-traded investment vehicles, which are tailored to the unique goals and objectives of its investors. The firm's careful and selective investment approach creates long-term value with an emphasis on capital preservation and outsized returns. Slate is supported by exceptional people, flexible capital and a proven ability to originate and execute on a wide range of compelling investment opportunities. Visit slateam.com to learn more.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
MERCED, Calif., April 20 The Sisters of the Valley, California's self-ordained "weed nuns," are on a mission to heal and empower women with their cannabis products.
Based near the town of Merced in the Central Valley, which produces over half of the fruit, vegetables and nuts grown in the United States, the Sisters of the Valley grow and harvest their own cannabis plants.
The sisterhood stresses that its seven members, despite the moniker, do not belong to any order of the Catholic Church.
"We're against religion, so we're not a religion. We consider ourselves Beguine revivalists, and we reach back to pre-Christian practices,” said 58-year-old Sister Kate, who founded the sisterhood in 2014.
The group says its Holy Trinity is the marijuana plant, specifically hemp, a strain of marijuana that has very low levels of Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive compound in the plant.
Members turn the hemp into cannabis-based balms and ointments, which they say have the power to improve health and well-being.
More than two dozen U.S. states have legalized some form of marijuana for medical or recreational use, but the drug remains illegal at the federal level. California legalized recreational use of marijuana in November 2016.
"A sister becomes a sister through a commercial relationship and earning a wage or a commission and we want to grow this way because we want to free the women, we don't want to make them more dependent," said Kate, whose real name is Christine Meeusen.
She said the group had roughly $750,000 in sales last year, the most since it started selling products in January 2015.
President Donald Trump's administration and his Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a longtime critic of marijuana legalization, have worried some in the country's nascent legalized marijuana industry.
But the "weed nuns" say the new administration has strengthened their resolve.
"The thing Trump has done for us is put a fire under our butts to get launched in another country," said Kate. "Our response to Trump is Canada." The group makes online sales to Canda, and hopes to launch an operation there in two months.
Sister Kate adopted the nun persona after she took part in an Occupy Wall Street protest in 2011 dressed as a Catholic nun, a look that led her to be known by protesters as "Sister Occupy.”
“We've gotten a few hate calls but, by and far, the Catholics understand what we're doing," she said. (Reporting by Omar Younis; Editing by Melissa Fares and Dan Grebler)
Germany's Siemens has won a contract to add 700 megawatts (MW) to the Rumaila Gas Power Plant, which currently has a power generation capacity of 1500 MW.
Siemens will supply its highly-efficient SST-5000 steam turbines, ensuring the additional power supply comes at no extra fuel requirement while increasing the overall power plant efficiency to more than 50 percent by converting the facility into combined cycle mode.
This upgrade delivered by Siemens equipment will supply around one million Iraqis with clean and efficient electricity
Siemens was awarded the contract by Sinohydro, the Chinese state-owned hydropower engineering and construction company. The developer is KAR Electrical Power Production Trading FZE.
Previously, Siemens had supplied five of its SGT5-4000F gas turbines to the plant, which was one of the first large-scale gas-fired facilities installed and commissioned in Iraq in 2013. The upgrade works are scheduled for completion by 2020.
(Source: Siemens)
Aquarelle Old Florida Collection
Contact
Christina Mehta Prendiville
***@mehtacommunications.com Christina Mehta Prendiville
End
-- Renowned fine art photographer Alan S. Maltz donated four pieces of original artwork to "Uncork the Power of Giving," the Southwest Florida Wine & Food Fest two-day signature event. A record-breaking $3.2 million was raised for SWFL Children's Charities in support of Golisano Children's Hospital of Southwest Florida. On February 25, The Southwest Florida Wine & Food Fest Grand Tasting and Live Auction was attended by more than 350 people at the Miromar Lakes Beach & Golf Club in Estero.Maltz's art donation was the centerpiece of "The Art of Key West with Alan S. Maltz," one of 40 exciting auction lots that were bid on at the Grand Tasting and Live Auction, the highlight of the two-day festival.The Alan Maltz auction lot also included transportation and resort accommodations at the Casa Marina Resort – Waldorf Astoria, an exclusive tour of the Alan S. Maltz Gallery on historic Duval Street given by the artist, and premium wines donated by wine fest trustees. The auction lot was won by long-time Southwest Florida resident and community leader Anna "Boots" Tolles for $17,500.In addition to the alluring and inspirational works of art, Maltz also gifted 30 of his award-winning coffee table books, "Visions of Beauty: Fort Myers, Sanibel & Beyond" and "Journey Through Paradise: Naples, Marco Island, & The Everglades" to Southwest Florida Wine & Food Fest trustees, vintners, and vintner dinner hosts. A special edition, large-format 8.75 x 5.75 notecard titled AQUARELLE Old Florida, individually packaged and signed by the artist, was personally created as a gift for all attendees at the event.Christin Collins, 2017 Southwest Florida Wine & Food Fest co-chair said, "The partnership with Alan Maltz for this year's Southwest Florida Wine Fest has a lasting impression. Not only did his generosity help us raise $3.2 million for pediatric health, but also it will be commemorated into the future as the winning bidder of his artwork, Ms. Boots Tolles, has donated the artwork back to Cape Coral Hospital and Golisano Children's Hospital. For years to come, patients, families and our caregivers will be able to enjoy Alan's incredible work, and take a much-needed pause while in our hospitals.""I am humbled and honored to be part of this dedicated and passionate group of supporters for Lee Health Hospitals. It is comforting to know my art may add a sense of peace, inspiration, and tranquility to those patients, their families, and caregivers through some challenging times," said Maltz.Maltz's artwork is known for its contemporary, high definition appearance, as well as the spiritual and tranquil feeling that it evokes from viewers. "Aquarelle,"a new work from Maltz's Old Florida Collection, was unveiled for the first time at the Southwest Florida Wine & Food Fest.SWFL Children's Charities has raised $18.8 million for local pediatric health care initiatives over the past nine years. Funds are raised through the organization's signature event, the Southwest Florida Wine & Food Fest.ABOUT ALAN S. MALTZThe fine art of Alan S. Maltz graces private, public and corporate collections throughout the world. Featured in national and regional publications, including The New Yorker, Robb Report, US Airways magazine, Publishers Weekly, The Philadelphia Inquirer, Miami Herald, New York Post, ART news, Newsday and O, The Oprah Magazine, and more, Alan S. Maltz has been designated the "Official Fine Art Photographer for the State of Florida" by VISIT FLORIDA, the state's official tourism marketing corporation, and "The Official Wildlife Photographer of Florida" by the Wildlife Foundation of Florida. His five Florida-based coffee table books have received numerous honors and recognition. He is currently working on his sixth book, "Old Florida...An Artistic Interpretation."The Alan S. Maltz Gallery, established in 1999, is located on Duval Street in Old Town Key West and features his cutting-edge fine art, innovative framing designs, and published works. Alan and his family enjoy the tranquility of nature from their home in the lower Florida Keys. For more information, visit www.alanmaltz.com or call (305) 294-0005.
Coated Glass Market Report by Product Type (LOW-E Glass, Heat-Reflective ) by Application / End User (Automotive Glass, Construction Industry, Solar Battery Module, Electronics ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Coated Glass Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Coated Glass Coating Agent Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Coated Glass (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Coated Glass Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/coated-glass-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Coated Glass Market : Product Type
• LOW-E Glass
• Heat-Reflective
Coated Glass Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Automotive Glass
• Construction Industry
• Solar Battery Module
• Electronics `
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/coated-glass-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
FILE PHOTO: German Chancellor Angela Merkel welcomes Russian President Vladimir Putin for talks at the chancellery in Berlin, Germany, October 19, 2016. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel will meet Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi next Tuesday to prepare the upcoming G20 summit in July and discuss geopolitical conflicts in Syria and Ukraine, a German government spokesman said on Friday.
"The visit serves the preparation of this year's G20 summit in Hamburg," Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert said during a regular news conference.
"In addition to the G20 issue, other current foreign policy challenges will also be discussed, such as the Ukraine conflict or the war in Syria," he added.
Seibert said that Merkel and Putin would give a press conference between two rounds of meetings in Sochi.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
The most gluttonous time of the year just got a bit more decadent as Asda have just revealed their latest addition to the bakery aisle – a foot long chocolate éclair.
The classic French dessert has been given a mammoth size makeup by the supermarket to bring a certain je ne sais quo to the supermarket shelves this December.
The foot-long eclair
The colossal size pudding, which is inspired by an emerging trend for oversized sharing desserts in Paris, retails at £5.00 and is made with light choux pastry, filled with fluffy Belgian chocolate mousse and sticky caramel sauce and topped with a chocolate fondant.
Claire Reed, product development manager for chilled bakery, said: “Straight from the streets of Paris to Asda shelves, traditional French favourites can now be enjoyed by the whole family this Christmas.
Reed added: “Our experts have lovingly hand finished our striking new desserts, adding the final touch of affordable luxury to your seasonal soirée – sure to leave your loved ones saying Oh La La!”.
The showstopping Giant Éclair centrepiece will be available in Asda stores from 14th December.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Ethylene glycol monostearate, more commonly known as glycol monostearate or glycol stearate, is an organic compound. It is the ester of ethylene glycol and stearic acid. It is often derived from vegetables. At times, the compound can also be of animal origin. The important properties of ethylene glycol monostearate are its insolubility in water, low acid and iodine values, and relatively high melting point. All of these essentially help the compound remain stable under normal conditions. They make it a perfect ingredient for personal care products, cosmetics, and toiletries.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ethylene-glycol-monostearate-market.html
The primary purpose of using ethylene glycol monostearate is to impart a pearlized look to products. Depending on the amount used and other ingredients, it can also help turn a transparent product into a white-colored product. Overall, its properties help stabilize the surfactant systems, while also providing shape and thickness to the product. It is widely used as a pearlizing agent in various personal care products such as shampoos, liquid soaps, and bath and shower gels. It is also a preferred opacifier and secondary emulsifier used in different cosmetic products such as creams, lotions, and conditioners. Toiletries (including hand-cleaners and toothpaste) is another industry wherein ethylene glycol monostearate is used. The compound also acts as a viscosity-enhancing agent in these products. As such, the global ethylene glycol monostearate market can be segmented according to the type of its use into pearlizing agent, opacifier and as an emulsifier. It can also be segmented by its end-user industries, namely personal care, cosmetics and toiletries products.
A highly important characteristic of ethylene glycol monostearate from commercial point of view is that it is human-friendly. Given its low, acute toxicity, even repeated use does not cause problems such as skin and eye irritation, sensitization, or hyper-sensitivity. This is the reason why it is used in more than 600 products available in the market.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20681
Ethylene glycol monostearate is a concern only for people with skin allergies and those who have extremely sensitive skin. In these people, the compound may develop itching, redness, or mild swelling. However, the percentage of such people is negligible.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
CARE 2017is a realization! A realization, which proactively triggers us to address those behavioral aspects of a child which are extremely significant and critical for them to evolve & grow.
In our endeavor to socially contribute to the student community, we believe that we have to build an ecosystem which supports the process of internal and external development of a child and take initiative to address various aspects of their behavioral changes as they grow up, specially the stage of adolescence. During this period, the cognitive changes take place and could be the most vulnerable phase of a child's life.
Mr. Raja Dasgupta, CEO of Studenting Era, while opening the conclave, shared that “Through this conclave, Studenting Erawould like to address the positive aspects of adolescence like Education, Aspirations, Self-confidence and Motivation as well as the challenges like Addiction, Child Abuse & Safety, Cybercrime & Social Media protection.”
Mr. Dasgupta also stated that “We are extremely confident that CARE 2017 will successful create an environment which will unite a group of influencers who would stimulate these best practices and bring in happiness among children as aHappy child grows to be a Happy adult, which eventually builds a Happy planet to live in”.
While addressing his keynote address to the audience comprising of academicians from schools and Institutions, Mr. Anil Swarup, Secretary, School Education & Literacy, Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India,said “Child Development is that aspect of child's growth that we all need to focus. At this time of our growth cycle there is a need for proactive guidance and support from parents,mentors and teachers.
Managing behavioral changes among children is the key and we should observe the changes, analyze them, initiate discussion, engage and collaborate with the child and help him/her to transform into a happy human being.
CARE 2017 is a great initiative taken up by Studenting Era as it addresses all the aspects that need discussion and deliberation on a single platform”.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Cancer patient Tiffany Schwantes from Huntsville in Alabama, part of a group of advanced-stage cancer patients modeling in the SMGlobal Catwalk presentation for Say Yes to HOPE, walks the runway with a male model during New York Fashion Week in Manhattan, New York, U.S., February 11, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
Less than a week ago, Tiffany Schwantes, 34, was hooked up to an intravenous chemotherapy drip at her local cancer centre in Huntsville, Alabama, receiving treatment for cancer that has metastasised to her lungs.
On Saturday night, she strutted a catwalk draped in a pale pink strapless Dalia MacPhee ball gown for New York Fashion Week, one of 11 people with advanced-stage cancer transformed into models for one glamorous night in Midtown Manhattan.
Adjusting her chestnut-coloured wig in front of the mirror in her hotel room before the show, Schwantes said, “I feel good. I feel pretty.” The stay-at-home mum was diagnosed with stage-four cancer of the bile ducts and liver in 2012 when she was 29.
“I had just had my baby girl two years before, so I thought I was healthy,” said Schwantes, whose son, Carter, is now 11 and daughter, Madison, is 7.
“Going from a young wife and mother to a full-time cancer patient was hard. I wasn't used to going to the doctor two to three times a week. I wasn't used to feeling so bad that I couldn't take care of my children.” For just a few hours on Saturday night, all that was almost forgotten. The models, some of whom have had chemotherapy, surgery or radiation, danced their way down the catwalk to Destiny's Child's Survivor, sporting floor-length gowns, diamond earrings, and topping off their looks with long lashes and striking makeup.
The Surviving in Fashion event was put on by YES!, a non-profit organisation that provides support to anyone affected by advanced cancer, and SMGlobal Catwalk.
Bill Ramey, 60, of Greenwood, Indiana, was in New York for the first time to brave being the only man on the runway. He wore blue jeans and a black sweatshirt that read: “LIVE LIFE, LOVE LIFE.” “My goal is to make it down and back on stage and remain upright,” said Ramey, who was diagnosed with stage-four colon cancer on Valentine's Day in 2013.
“My first thought was that I wouldn't be able to see my daughter graduate college or get married. Meeting my grandkids never even crossed my mind,” Ramey said. He then smiled.
“I got to do all three this summer.” After taking a deep breath, Ramey said, “I've accepted the fact that I'll probably die from cancer. But God has given me some extra time, and this is my way of paying it forward.” Schwantes, whose husband of 13 years was there to support her, said she hoped the show would inspire others to feel as good as she did for the night.
“We get one night to dress in beautiful gowns and amazing jewellery and just have fun. It gives us a night to feel like we are more than just a cancer patient,” Schwantes said. “I hope they can see me, still going strong after five years, and it gives them a little hope.”
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, April 20 South Korean shares climbed to a near two-week closing high on Thursday as foreign investors and domestic institution's large bargain-hunting supported the main index.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed up 0.5 percent at 2,149.15 points, its highest since April 7.
Offshore investors bought a net 74.9 billion won ($65.75 million) worth of KOSPI shares, while institutions purchased a net 224 billion won worth.
The South Korean won erased earlier losses on exporters' dollar-selling amid the absence of momentum for the greenback.
The won was quoted at 1,139.8 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, little changed compared to Wednesday's close of 1,140.2. (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Andon Health Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net loss at 165 million yuan to 185 million yuan in FY 2017 versus net profit at 14.5 million yuan year ago
* Says exchange loss as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/GXQCU3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 20 U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission:
* Razor recalls RipStik motorized caster boards due to fall hazard
* Recall involves 158,000 Razor RipStik electric motorized casterboards
* In connection with recall, Razor has received more than 700 reports of the rear wheel of the boards locking up, resulting in four injuries Source text for Eikon:
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
The director of the company responsible for the Grenfell Tower refurbishment has admitted he doesn't know what the cladding blamed for spreading the inferno was made from.
Police have confirmed at least 12 people perished after fire engulfed the 24-storey apartment block in Ladbroke Grove in West London but warned the death toll was likely to rise dramatically.
Many fear the colourful plastic and foam insulation panels, which were added in May last year by construction, development and maintenance company Rydon at a cost of £9 million, helped spread the flames, news.com.au reports.
In a fraught exchange with host Piers Morgan on Good Morning Britain, Rydon director Andrew Goldman admitted he had no idea what type of cladding had been used on Grenfell Tower.
Advertisement
"We know your company did the refurbishment only last year and added all this exterior cladding,' Morgan said.
"Almost all witnesses said they saw the cladding basically firing up - bits of it were igniting before their very eyes.
"There will be many other people living in buildings with this type of cladding who want to know what the hell has gone on. Can you us tell what the cladding was made of?"
× Andrew Goldman director of Rydon responsible for the refubishment of the Grenfell Tower in London. Andrew Goldman director of Rydon responsible for the refubishment of the Grenfell Tower in London.
Mr Goldman said he did not know exactly what the cladding was made of and didn't want to speculate before investigations could determine the cause of the fire.
"We don't know there is any direct link between the fire and cladding," he said.
"There are various different types of cladding and I don't know the exact specifications. It's a terrible disaster and again we want to get to the bottom as quickly as possible.
"All the materials that we used and the procedures we put in place follow health and safety guidelines."
Morgan shot back: "These aren't very satisfactory answers."
Cladding is considered a low-cost way to modify the exterior of unattractive buildings and was used on Grenfell Tower so that the building would look better when viewed against the backdrop of conservation areas and luxury flats that surround north Kensington, according to planning documents obtained by The Independent and other British papers.
× Smoke billows from the Grenfell Tower. Photo /AP Smoke billows from the Grenfell Tower. Photo /AP
Rydon had earlier insisted its work "met all required building control, fire regulation and health and safety standards."
A statement from the company on the "devastating" fire read: "Rydon completed a refurbishment of the building in the summer of 2016 for KCTMO (Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation) on behalf of the council, which met all required building control, fire regulation, and health and safety standards."
Residents described how the foam-filled cladding "went up like matchsticks" as the blaze spread.
Similar cladding now covers homes and offices across Britain and indeed many countries across the world, including Australia.
Association of Specialist Fire Protection spokesman Andrew Tarling called the Grenfell disaster "an accident waiting to happen".
"They clad the concrete of this building with flammable insulation panels and rain screen cladding with a 30mm gap, which acted like a chimney," he told The Sun.
"All the burning material falls down, starting more fires below, and the flames spread up and across searching for oxygen.
"Meanwhile, crews can't tackle the fire effectively because their water just bounces off the rain covers.
"The cladding looks lovely, it's cheap, complies with regulations and gives the building a high environmental rating. But it's a silent killer.
"When this block was built, it complied with the old fire regulations. Had it been left alone it would never have burned like this."
× A man looks from a window of the building. Photo / AP A man looks from a window of the building. Photo / AP
An industry watchdog issued a worldwide alert about the dangers of cladding after the panels caused fire to rip through a Dubai tower block in minutes 18 months ago.
When six people died in a 2009 fire at Lakanal House, a 14-storey block in Camberwell, South East London, exterior cladding panels ignited in four-and-a-half minutes.
Southwark Council was fined £570,000 for fire safety failings in February - but astonishingly not for the cladding.
There were further questions last night over the possibility that fireproof insulation, removed to replace old pipes in last year's refurbishment, was not put back.
Experts say the removal of such insulation would have created channels of air which effectively fanned the flames inside the building.
Residents at Grenfell were also told to stay in their flats rather than flee because the staircase was not designed for a mass evacuation, according to The Sun reports.
But the "stay put" policy was developed in an era when fires mostly stayed in the rooms they started in - and were not expected to spread so rapidly on the outside of blocks.
A man employed as part of Grenfell Tower's fire maintenance system told the paper on condition of anonymity that alarms did go off - but might not have sounded.
"We got a call this morning to say the alarms had activated and needed to be reset," he said.
"When we get a notification like that it means the fire alarm must have gone off. I've heard residents' reports that they didn't sound. This is unusual but is possible. We only manage the fire alarms in communal parts of the building."
× A firefighter checks damage in the Grenfell Tower. Photo / AP A firefighter checks damage in the Grenfell Tower. Photo / AP
The man did confirm, however, that the building had not been fitted with sprinklers when it was built in the 1970s.
"I know that because we would manage them if there were," he said. "When it was built it didn't have to have sprinklers put in. Regulations were different in the 1970s. Even now it's only a recommendation.
"Sprinklers are expensive. They cost about £3500 ($5900) per dwelling - a lot for a high-rise building. But you should never put a limit on the price of safety of people's lives."
Dr Jim Glocking, technical director of the Fire Protection Association, told The Guardian his organisation had "lobbied long and hard" for a review of UK building regulations.
"This is not a one-off," he said.
"If it turns out that everything was to plan and absolutely appropriate, then that raises a horrific question that what is currently being done is wrong, or certainly not good enough."
Studio E Architects, who oversaw the Grenfell refurbishment, said: "We are deeply shocked and distressed over news of the devastating fire. Our thoughts are with those affected.
"We will be assisted the relevant authorities as and when required."
According to planning documents, subcontractors Harley were paid £2.6 million ($4.3 million) to oversee the cladding installation.
"Harley Facades Limited completed the refurbishment work to Grenfell Tower. This included the installation of exterior cladding," a spokesman for Harley Facades told Sun Online.
"The Aluminium Composite Material (ACM) panels are a commonly used product in the refurbishment industry. Harley Facades Limited do not manufacture these panels."
× Smoke rises from the Grenfell Tower in West London. Photo / AP Smoke rises from the Grenfell Tower in West London. Photo / AP
He added: "This is an incredibly tragic incident. Our thoughts are with the residents and their families who have suffered such a personal loss.
"We will fully support and co-operate with the investigations into this fire.
"There will be many questions about this whole incident and so you will appreciate that it would not be appropriate for us to comment or for others to speculate on any aspect of fire or it causes in advance of these inquiries.
"At this time, we are not aware of any link between the fire and the exterior cladding to the tower."
Harley managing director Raymond Bailey and his wife Belinda had been director and secretary of Harley Curtain Wall, which was responsible for the cladding project at the tower block.
The firm recently went bust, owing creditors more than £1 million, before being bought up by Mr Bailey's other firm Harley Facades.
The 58-year-old boasts of more than 25 years "practical experience" as a specialist curtain walling contractor.
At their East Sussex home today Mrs Bailey, 56, denied any knowledge of Harley Curtain Wall or its work at Grenfell Tower, insisting there was "nothing to say".
Mr and Mrs Bailey's home is behind electric gates accessed from a private road, with a Porsche and Land Rover were parked outside.
The Harley Facades office was closed today after it emerged the firm completed refurbishment work at Grenfell Tower.
Witnesses to the blaze described how the material "went up like paper".
Another told Channel 4 news: "The fire was coming up really fast because of the cladding.
"The cladding was flammable."
Candidates pose prior to a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. L to R: Jean-Luc Melenchon of the Parti de Gauche, Francois Fillon of the Republicans party, Jean Lassalle, Nathalie... REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
PARIS Paris bankers and brokers will be on call, ready to scoot to the office as results of the first round of the roller-coaster French presidential election start to dribble on this Sunday.
Their workload will depend on the outcome of the tight race that could potentially see two extremes -- the far right Marine Le Pen and the communist-backed leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon -- make it to the second round. [DATA/]
But the preparations underway already reflect the bankers' experience in facing market volatility following Britain's shock vote to leave the European Union and U.S. presidential elections last year.
Société Générale (SOGN.PA) said it would be holding a conference call on the evening of Sunday, April 23 with some of its economists and strategists to discuss the first round results.
Traders and financial analysts in some of the world's biggest investment firms in London will also be on standby for advising clients on Sunday evening and also primed for pre-dawn starts on Monday. However those contacted by Reuters said they would leave actual overnight trading in the euro or any cash bond or equity transactions to their Asia operations.
First exit polls are expected at around 1800 GMT on Sunday or 2000 Paris time.
In Paris, French asset manager La Francaise with 60 billion euros ($64 billion) under management has a special task force in place for the election that will be on call or could even meet in the office on Sunday evening to decide on what to advise clients on Monday.
"In any case, the task force will meet early on Monday ... and have a strong shot of coffee in order to brief teams," one of the asset manager's staff said.
One reason, brokerage Nomura said, is that it will be the April 23 vote that gives investors "the most information" as to who will be the next president after the May run-off.
"Jean-Luc Melenchon has seen such a rise in support that it is now a true four-way race," Nomura's forex strategists said.
"The gaps between candidates in the first round are close to the margins of error, while in the second they are far apart and in the 'safe zone' polling numbers."
The latest polls show centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Le Pen narrowly beating other candidates in the first round, followed by the conservative Francois Fillon and far-left Melenchon.
Melenchon proposes a 100-billion-euro economic stimulus plan funded by government borrowing, corporate nationalization in some sectors, devaluation of the euro currency, withdrawal from NATO and possible exit from the European Union.
His sudden rise in opinion surveys is worrying many investors, because various poll scenarios show he could win should he reach the second round.
Le Pen does not off much solace. She plans to leave the euro currency and hold a vote on European Union membership.
"I will be ready on Sunday-Monday, but my hope is that there will be no disastrous scenario and I won't have to work," a London-based analyst covering French banks said.
HEDGING
Some investment banks and asset managers have already reduced and hedged their exposure to assets that could bear the brunt of volatility, depending on the outcome of the elections.
"As for fixed income investors, they have also already sold out, because there was a buyer –- the (European Central Bank) , which bought hundreds of billions of euros (of debt). There is no big reason to have a long position on France," said Jean-Francois Legoux, a strategist at UBS Global Asset Management, based in Paris.
Forex brokerage Saxo Bank in Paris said it tried to make sure all clients were aware of potential risks, while offering all the money management tools so that they don't have a significant exposure with no protection in the markets.
"In any event, just as with Brexit, any spasm is bound to be very short-lived," one Geneva-based trader said.
For a graphic on French election, click here
(Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva and Sudip Kar-Gupta; editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Smashing your glass drug pipe is not a smart way to conceal the illegal item, a judge told Plath. (FILE)
Smashing your glass drug pipe is not a smart way to conceal the illegal item, a judge told Plath. (FILE) John Weekes
FAMILY who travelled from far away helped persuade a judge to give another chance to a man with a long criminal history..
Bundaberg's Daniel William Plath had already spent 224 days in custody by the time he appeared in court on Tuesday.
Chief Justice Catherine Holmes said the Bundaberg man faced an "array of offences” which included drug possession, obstructing police, and a weapons charge.
Prosecutors said Plath, 41, was charged for having drugs including oxycodone, testosterone and diazepam.
Brisbane Supreme Court heard there was no allegation Plath was dealing commercially.
The Crown said an aggravating feature of some offending was that Plath was on bail.
Defence counsel Robert East said loved ones travelled from places including Coffs Harbour to support Plath on Tuesday.
"They've all been to see him in prison,” Mr East added.
Plath also faced a charge of failing to appear but Mr East said his client "to his credit” presented himself to police after realising he had failed to report on time.
The Chief Justice said one charge related to Plath smashing a glass pipe with his foot in a "not too effective act of concealment”.
She told Plath: "You have a bad criminal history” with many charges including breaching domestic violence orders.
But she added: "It seems when you go to jail you think about things a bit more and you get back on track.”
The judge said Plath's relatives took the trouble to visit Brisbane.
She said one relative had explained to the court some hardships Plath had previously encountered.
The Chief Justice told Plath he needed help, and should enrol in programs to prevent reoffending - if not for himself, then for his loved ones.
Plath was sentenced to 20 months jail but released on parole immediately. - NewsRegional
Altaba, formerly called Yahoo, will pay $35 million to settle charges it misled investors by failing to disclose a massive 2014 security breach, the US Securities and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday.
The fine is the first the SEC has levied against a public company for failing to disclose a cyber breach and comes as the agency tries to impress upon businesses the need for proper controls and procedures around cybersecurity.
“We do not seek to second-guess good-faith disclosure decisions. But this case is not about that,” said Steven Peikin, co-director of the SEC's division of enforcement, on a call with reporters.
He said there was “a complete corporate failure to disclose information about the data breach that was widely known and readily available in the company”.
The SEC did not announce any charges against executives at Yahoo. Mr Peikin said the agency's investigation was continuing and it had not made any decisions about the conduct of individuals.
Yahoo was attacked in 2014 by Russian hackers and details about hundreds of millions of user accounts were stolen. The information, including encrypted passwords and security questions and answers, were referred to internally as Yahoo's “crown jewels”, said the SEC.
The company did not tell investors about the attack until September 2016, after it had agreed a deal to sell its operating business to Verizon. The agency said Yahoo did not share information about the breach with its auditors or outside counsel.
“This case I think represents a very, very substantial shortfall in even the modest expectations of what companies should be doing in these situations,” said Mr Peikin. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
A spokesperson for the company said that while CA was focussed purely on the US market, its global arm SCL Elections handled other regions.
"All the national issues and national associations are part and parcel of the independent investigation. Rest assured, India, Kenya, Nigeria, all the other countries that SCL has been working in historically, will be investigated and reported on as part of the independent investigation," he told reporters during a press conference here today.
The press conference came soon after an academic associated with the company, Aleksandr Kogan, gave his evidence to the UK Parliament's Digital, Culture, Media and Sport ( DCMS) Committee on its ongoing investigation into fake news.
Kogan's company, Global Science Research (GSR), developed a Facebook app that reportedly collected data from people who signed up to use the app as well as information from their Facebook friends, without the explicit approval of all involved.
He accused CA's now-suspended CEO Alexander Nix of "total fabrication" when it came to denying the links between Cambridge Analytica and GSR's data.
DCMS Committee chair Damian Collins said that Nix had told the committee in February that CA never received data from Kogan's company GSR, which did not have "much credibility any more given his own testimony today.
Last month, Christopher Wylie, a former employee of CA turned whistleblower, had told MPs during his evidence before the committee that the company had worked "extensively" in India and named the Congress as one of its clients.
In a post on Twitter later, the 28-year-old also named the Janata Dal (United) as a client during the 2010 Bihar elections and revealed some caste surveys carried out in Uttar Pradesh by SCL India the parent company of CA.
"I've been getting a lot of requests from Indian journalists, so here are some of SCL's past projects in India. To the most frequently asked question yes SCL/CA works in India and has offices there. This is what modern colonialism looks like," Wylie had tweeted.
His message included documents which indicate that SCL India boasted a database of "over 600 districts and 7 lakh villages, which is constantly being updated". Its reach in India is said to include a head office in Ghaziabad, with nine regional offices in Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Cuttack, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Indore, Kolkata, Patna and Pune.
"I don't remember a national project but I know regionally. India's so big that one state can be as big as Britain. But they do have offices there, they do have staff there," he had said, offering to provide more "documentation" to the committee on CA's India links. For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
: Cambridge Analytica (CA), the data consultancy firm at the heart of a fake news investigation in the UK, today said that all its activities around the world, including in India, will be investigated and reported on.
May 3 Goldstar Minerals Inc
* Goldstar acquires the Assinica Gold Property located in Quebec, Canada
* Company has proceeded with staking of 1,248 claims, through Quebec government's Gestim system Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New EU Copyright Law: Will Upload Filters Destroy the Internet as we Know it?
New copyright filters in the EU: Platforms like YouTube have to filter uploads by users for copyright infringements. Critics fear the end of memes and say this will destroy the internet as we know it.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Home
• Decor
• Renovation Industry:
• Home Location:
• Toronto - Ontario - Canada Subject:
• Services
Media Contact
Peter Ashworth
Ashworth Associates
416-603-6005
peter@ashworthassociates.com Peter AshworthAshworth Associates416-603-6005
End
-- Industry-leaders Stylish Fireplaceshave been designing homes and offices around fireplaces for over 20 years and feature the broadest selection of electric fireplaces in Toronto and York Region in their showroom (8301 Jane Street, Unit 9, Vaughan), so customers can compare all sizes and shapes. For additional information, visit www.stylishfireplaces.ca."We've arranged our showroom by style, or how they are installed, to help you narrow your search," states Jeanne Grier, President and co-owner, Stylish Fireplaces. "We are experts in electric hearth products, and we are always looking for new products for our clients. Whether you are converting from gas to electric or installing a new electric fireplace, we can help you find the perfect solution."Stylish Fireplaces offers the best brands in electric fireplaces: Dimplex, Dynasty, Amantii, Modern Flames and Napoleon. The 1500 sq. ft. showroom shows a cross-section of fireplaces with different backdrops to help customers visualize how they will look in their own home. In addition to organizing their products under these brands on the website, they have curated dozens of room images featuring their products.With many years of interior decorating experience, Stylish Fireplaces is well-versed in custom design. If they can't find a ready-made solution for your room, they will help you design a custom mantel or built-in cabinetry. If you are making over an existing fireplace, they can help you get the most out of your fireplace makeover, with suggestions for finishing materials and fireboxes."A new fireplace is just the beginning of your new look," says Grier. "We offer alternative fire glass and fillers to change up the look of your fireplace interior. Custom doors and screens add the finishing touch to fireplace openings. Our stone, tile and panelling selections offer a multitude of backdrop materials and styles to highlight your fireplace wall. If you need help to install a TV above your fireplace, we have the quality brackets and expertise to get it done within your budget."Before visiting the Stylish Fireplaces showroom, Grier suggests customers:· Take detailed measurements of their entire space, including the wall where the fireplace is to be installed.· Make a list of any obstacles, such as windows, doors, closets, etc.· If purchasing an insert, measure the width, height and depth of the opening of the existing fireplace.· Bring fabric and paint swatches, if possible, and a sample of the wood colour (if any) in the room.· Take photos of the room from all angles."Whether you'd like to give an existing fireplace a makeover, create a fireplace where none exists currently, or completely remodel a living space, you can rely on the Stylish Fireplaces design experts to handle your renovation from start to finish," adds Grier.A fireplace rarely stands on its own in a room. Whether mounting a TV above, concealing audio-visual equipment, or simply needing more storage, smart homeowners are looking for space saving solutions to complete their fireplace installation. Stylish Fireplaces can help with a single room or an entire home, and source everything needed to make it a reality: fine furniture and upholstery; custom drapery and bedding; broadloom and flooring; lighting; art and accessories.Contact Stylish Fireplaces:8301 Jane Street, Unit 9Vaughan, ON L4K 5P3905-889-1239Email: info@stylishfireplaces.ca www.facebook.com/StylishFireplaceswww.youtube.com/StylishFireplacesWeekdays 9:30am to 6:00pmSaturdays ClosedWeekdays 9:30am t0 6:00pmSaturdays 10:00am to 5:00pm
More Americans are working remotely. According to a Gallup survey released last year, 43% of employees in the U.S said they spent time working from remote locations. The practice of remote work is beneficial to both employee and employer, associated with boosting productivity, well-being and staff loyalty. However, remote work also presents challenges to businesses, including how to communicate with teams.
Free Remote Team Communication Tools
Luckily there are some easies to use and free communication options for remote teams. If you're determined to improve the communication of your remote teams this year without adding cost, take a look at the following:
Skype
Skype is one of the most well-known and established methods of telecommunication available. This popular software product provides voice and video calls between multiple devices, including PCs, mobile phones, tablets, consoles and even smartwatches.
Remote teams simply need to download the Skype app for free onto any device and can then connect with team members from anywhere.
As well as getting free voice and video calls, businesses can use Skype for Instant Messaging. Use it to conduct virtual meetings, too.
Google Hangouts
Google Hangouts is a free communication platform, which provides instant messages, voice and video calls, SMS and VOIP features. With just one tap, team members can turn a conversation into a free video call and chat with colleagues from remote situations like they were in the same room.
With Google Hangouts, group calls can be up to ten people, perfect for meetings and catch-ups with small teams.
Google Hangouts can be accessed quickly and easily by opening Hangouts in Gmail or GSuite mail — really convenient for users of those mail services.
Zoho Cliq
Zoho offers a streamlined chat app for teams called Cliq. Zoho Cliq allows text chat, and it also offers audio and video chat with other Cliq users. You can hold video calls with up to 100 users. You can share files, too.
Zoho Cliq offers a forever free plan, and what's nice about it is that it has few limitations compared with other free plans. You can have an unlimited number of users on your plan.
While other services substantially limit the number of video callers in a free version, 100 users is a pretty large group size for free. And you can also mute other users if you have a large group, so everyone isn't speaking at once.
Slack
What started as an internal tool used by their own company, the cloud-based set of team communication and collaboration tools and services provided by Slack have become a popular options for conducting business remotely.
Slack includes chat, but it provides a kind of virtual shared workspace. All your communications, files and information can access in one place, and you can organize it in channels or topics. It's part messaging, part shared files, part project management.
Slack's free version provides businesses with unlimited private and public channels, up to 10,000 searchable messages, and the ability to connect up to ten apps.
Zoom
Zoom is a software-based collaboration and communication tool for holding conferences and meetings online. Zoom can be synced onto multiple devices, meaning users can communicate and collaborate from different operating systems, including Windows, Mac, iOS and Android.
Teams can sign up for Zoom's free basic plan. The basic plan includes unlimited one-to-one meetings, hosting for up to 100 participants, an unlimited number of meetings, and a 40-minute limit on group meetings. There are also video conferencing features and web conference features, along with screen sharing.
Make communicating and collaborating with your remote team members more efficient and productive in 2018 with the help of these simple-to-use and free communication tools.
Martino Realty of Staten Island Gives You The Inside Scoop !
Martino Realty Staten Island,New York
Contact
Martino Realty
***@martino- realty.com Martino Realty
End
-- Let's be honest, when it comes to home buying and selling a house everyone wants to win, financially speaking.In today's market buyers who aren't educated in real estate will try to go around realtors and research homes for themselves. The misconception is that buyers will avoid the realtor's fees by going directly through the listing agent when in reality they work for the seller only.The benefit of hiring a local realtor is that they can advocate on your behalf, negotiate and educate. At Martino Realty in Staten Island, they will walk a home buyer through a training of "Home buying 101". Clearly define what you'd like and need in a home and they will research one until they find the best match.They are committed to providing you with the specialized real estate service you deserve. As an informed buyer or seller, they will help you make the best decision of your life, by keeping you up to date on trends in the marketplace.If you'd like to find out more information about Martino Realty and what they can do for you visit their website at http://martino- realty.com or call them at (718) 608-9400 today!
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Missouri Set for Prime Viewing of August Solar Eclipse August 12, 2017
Plan ahead for your best viewing and avoid traffic congestion
On Aug. 21, citizens across Missouri will have the chance to see a rare celestial event – a total solar eclipse.
The moon will block the sun's light and cause a total solar eclipse to be visible across 300 miles of Missouri. It's possible that more than a million visitors will come to the Show-Me State to witness the event. Missourians should make plans early to determine where they will view the eclipse, where they will stay and how best to avoid the extra traffic congestion.
“We anticipate large crowds with possible heavy congestion on the interstates and major highways the weekend leading up to the event, during the event, and the day after,” said Missouri Department of Transportation Chief Engineer Ed Hassinger. “If you are traveling for the event, leave early, stay put as long as possible and plan to stay after the end of the eclipse to avoid the peak traffic.”
Missouri will be one of 14 states from Oregon to South Carolina to experience the path of totality. Approximately 200 million people will be within a day's drive of the path. A partial eclipse will be visible throughout the remainder of the continental United States.
The path of viewing for the solar eclipse in Missouri will cover more than 300 miles of the state. The moon will begin to eclipse the sun around 11:45 a.m. Totality of the solar eclipse enters Missouri over St. Joseph at 1:06 p.m. CDT. The eclipse will exit Missouri near Perryville at 1:21 p.m. CDT. The moon will move completely off the sun around 2:45 p.m.
Please follow these tips to drive safely on the day of the solar eclipse:
• Don't stop along the interstate and no parking on the shoulder.
• Find a safe location to view the event and get there early.
• Don't take photographs while driving.
• Turn your headlights on and do not rely on your automatic headlights.
• Prepare for extra congestion, especially on interstates, on the day before, day of and day after the eclipse.
• Watch out for increased pedestrian traffic along smaller roads. People may be randomly parking and walking alongside roads in the hour before the total eclipse to get the best viewing.
• Avoid travel during the eclipse or in the area of the main path if you can.
• Check traffic conditions on MoDOT's Traveler Information Map at http://traveler.modot.org/map/ also available as a free app at MoDOT Traveler Information.
• Have a full tank of gas and bring water with you in your vehicle.
For more information on the solar eclipse, visit the state of Missouri's website at https://www.mo.gov/eclipse/. For driving tips, visit MoDOT's website at http://www.modot.org/Eclipse/.
More information on eye safety and scientific aspects of the event can be found on the NASA website at http://eclipse2017.nasa.gov.
2:01
What does ‘home' mean in Arroyo Grande? AGHS grads' play tells the story
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
1:09
Posted on June 29, 2013 | 2:29 p.m.
Source: Pollock Family
Joseph H. Pollock M.D. was an exceptional man. A noted surgeon, author and philosopher, he passed away on June 22 at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital. He was known throughout Beverly Hills, Montecito, Santa Barbara and Summerland for his perseverance, kindness, philanthropy, humor and endless positivity.
Dr. Pollock was born in St. Louis, Missouri, on November 17, 1913, to Rose and Sam Pollock, and was one of six siblings. He graduated from Washington University in St. Louis with a Bachelor of Science degree. After earning his M.D. degree in 1938 from Washington University, he specialized in abdominal surgery in Beverly Hills, serving as chief of surgery at several hospitals, including Cedars of Lebanon. He practiced medicine for almost 50 years. During this time he also took over his late father-in-law's company, Triangle Steel & Supply, and ran it for three years until its sale, opening branches of the business in San Diego, Ventura, Las Vegas and Phoenix. He and his wife, Helene, were founders of the Music Center of Los Angeles and were active in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the Mark Taper Forum.
After moving to Montecito 26 years ago, he became chairman of the Santa Barbara Film Festival for five years in the 1990s. Through the Joseph & Helene Pollock Foundation, he spearheaded the creation and construction of the Pollock Theater at UC Santa Barbara, which opened in 2010. He also became active in real estate in Santa Barbara, Montecito and Summerland.
Dr. Pollock was an avid golf and tennis player, playing golf up until his late 90s. Additionally, he was interested in philosophy and ancient civilizations, and was the published author of six books, including two philosophical explorations and two medical texts. After retiring from medicine, he continued to attend surgical meetings until the last weeks of his life. He also had a life-long dedication to technology and kept in close contact with his grandchildren and family via e-mail and Facebook.
Dr. Pollock touched many lives during his almost 100 years. He was creative in business practices and medical diagnoses and was always there for his friends and family. Throughout his life he honored the memory of his parents. He will be dearly missed and forever loved by his wife of 67 years Helene (Zalk); his three children, Tom Pollock, Ken Pollock, Margo Sinclair (Pollock); his four grandchildren, Ali Gagerman (Pollock), Allegra Brandano (Pollock), Luke Pollock and Ariel Stern (Sinclair); and his five great-grandchildren, Haley, Benjamin, Amelia, Owen and Madeline.
In lieu of flowers, donations in his memory can be made to the UC Santa Barbara Foundation, Pollock Theatre in memory of Joe Pollock. Please mail to Nicole Klanfer, Office of Development, UC Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara 93106.
A memorial service is being planned in August at the Pollock Theater. Arrangements were by Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapels.
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
AMSTERDAM Dutch authorities said on Friday they had left Swiss authorities out of a tax fraud investigation stemming from secret Swiss bank accounts because no Swiss citizens were suspects.
Earlier, Swiss authorities protested angrily that they were not involved in the investigation into suspected tax evasion led by the Netherlands and including Britain, France, Germany and Australia, as well as Eurojust, the European Union's judicial coordination agency.
The Netherland's office for financial crimes prosecution (FIOD) said that, although it had received information about 50,000 secret accounts at a Swiss bank, "we received no information about Swiss residents".
"If the Swiss authorities wish to receive information on the investigation, we, the other countries involved and Eurojust, are always willing to discuss (that) with them," the FIOD said in a statement.
(Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Plummer was brought in to re-shoot Spacey's scenes in All The Money In The World after filming had been completed.
Golden Globe-nominated actor Christopher Plummer has praised the “miraculous feat” of his last-minute replacement of Kevin Spacey, who was sacked after being accused of sexual assault.
Director Ridley Scott dumped Spacey from a star role in All The Money In The World after filming had been completed and brought in Plummer to re-shoot the scenes.
The Canadian actor, 87, was nominated for the Globe for best supporting actor for the role as the exorbitantly wealthy but frugal industrialist J Paul Getty.
Delve into the shocking true story behind #AllTheMoneyInTheWorld. At Cinemas January 5. pic.twitter.com/cSALGvldxC — Sony Pictures UK 🎬 (@SonyPicturesUK) December 11, 2017
“I am deeply impressed by the remarkable team Ridley Scott put together for All The Money In The World – they pulled off a miraculous feat over the last month and I'm delighted to have been a part of this unique experience,” Plummer said.
The film is yet to be released and the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which organises the awards, was shown an early preview of the unfinished film, according to a spokeswoman.
The film focuses on Getty's refusal to pay the ransom demands for the release of his kidnapped 16-year-old grandson in 1973.
The quick re-shoots cost a reported $10 million (£7.5 million) and will allow the film to be released in time to be considered during the awards season.
Former House Of Cards star Spacey, 58, is being investigated by Scotland Yard over two allegations of sexual assault claimed to have taken place in Lambeth, south London, in 2005 and 2008.
London's Old Vic theatre, where Spacey was artistic director between 2004 and 2015, has said an internal review found 20 people claimed they had experienced inappropriate behaviour by the Oscar winner.
Kevin Spacey was sacked as allegations mounted against him (Matt Crossick/PA)
The awards season will be particularly challenging for judges as they navigate the post-Harvey Weinstein scandal landscape which has seen allegations against numerous powerful figures.
The Globes nominated Pamela Adlon for best actress in a comedy series for her role in Better Things, which she co-created with disgraced comedian Louis CK.
Pixar and Disney's Coco, which was released days after studio chief John Lasseter apologised for “missteps” and stepped down from his role, was also nominated for best animated film.
© Press Association 2017
The increasing popularity of electric vehicles may create a crunch for supplies of cobalt in the early-to-mid 2020s, miners and analysts say, adding that small operators trying to start up mines outside Africa could play a bigger role over time in satisfying demand for the metal used in rechargeable batteries.
The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) produces nearly two-thirds of the world's cobalt as a by-product of its copper mines and is taking an increasingly confrontational stance toward foreign mining companies, including a new mining code that hikes royalties and taxes.
Human rights groups have said some cobalt from the Central African country could come from mines using child labour, raising additional concerns about sourcing within the industry and among buyers of the metal.
Cobalt is an important ingredient of current batteries and brokerage UBS described it in a report this week as “the commodity which could stall the exponential growth in electric vehicles.”
While supplies from Congo are expected to remain the most important factor in global supply for years, exploration and development companies at the 2018 Cobalt Institute conference in Las Vegas this week said potential buyers looking to lock in supplies were eager for projects in other countries.
“There's going to be a big demand from organizations, end users and battery makers that will want to secure supply that's non-DRC just because of all of the political risks to that supply,” said Brendan Borg, managing director of Celsius Resources, an Australian mining company that hopes to begin production in Namibia by 2021.
More than 100 companies mining or exploring for cobalt are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and TSX Venture Exchange, up from fewer than 30 in 2015, according to SNL Financial. The exploration companies, known in Canada as junior miners, are considering locations ranging from Indonesia to Namibia, Canada, and Idaho and Utah in the United States.
Those explorers will need more funds, though, to bring production online.
“The industry needs to see more investments particularly in those exploration stage projects,” Caspar Rawles, an analyst with Benchmark Mineral Intelligence, said on Wednesday. Benchmark provides research for mining companies and manufacturers.
Demand for electric vehicles, using cobalt in batteries, could spark a deficit of cobalt as soon as 2022, he said.
-Reuters
Minister for the Marine Michael Creed has accused Opposition parties of “acting recklessly” after a Dáil vote to cancel out legislation on penalty points for serious fishing offences.
A Fianna Fáil motion annulling the statutory instrument and calling for a fairer penalty points system was carried by 80 votes to 54 on Tuesday.
The motion, proposed by Leas-Cheann Comhairle and Fianna Fáil marine spokesman Pat “The Cope” Gallagher, was supported by Labour, Sinn Féin and a number of Independent TDs. The Social Democrats, Green Party and seven Independents, including Cabinet members Denis Naughten and Shane Ross, voted with Fine Gael.
Four fishing industry organisations have welcomed the vote outcome, stating they are in favour of a penalty points system that allows for appeal to the courts.
The Irish Fish Producer's Organisation, the Killybegs Fishermen's Organisation, the Irish South and West and the Irish South and East Fish Producers' organisations said a High Court ruling in 2014, upheld by the Supreme Court, had found the current legislation to be unconstitutional in not allowing for fair procedures.
No alternative
Mr Creed said he was “extremely disappointed” that a number of parties and Independent TDs had taken “this unprecedented step” , and said that to date no party had put forward an alternative legislative proposal.
He said he had offered briefings and consultations as far back as November 2017.
Mr Creed noted that Ireland faces EU fines for noncompliance with penalty points, introduced as part of an EU-wide system within the Common Fisheries Policy. He noted that a letter of formal notice of infringement proceedings was issued by the European Commission on May 17th.
Mr Gallagher expressed delight at the vote outcome, and said the current legislation “focused too much power with the Sea Fisheries Protection Authority” and gave it a “domineering role in the various processes”.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The countdown to Bonfire Night is now underway but if you're not sure where to celebrate in Walsall then we can help.
Here's our guide of where you can mark the annual event with friends and family on Bonfire Night, which is also referred to as Guy Fawkes Night, we've compiled this easy guide, either in or near Walsall.
Here's everything you need to know to help ensure you're evening goes off with a bang.
For ideas of where else to celebrate this November 5 in and around the Birmingham area click here.
Walsall Arboretum Bonfire & Fireworks Display
Where: Walsall Arboretum, Lichfield Street, Walsall WS4 2BU
When: Sunday, November 5, time TBC
(Image: Graham Young)
The date is set for November and, as in previous years, Free Radio is set to be a part of the event and there will be a bonfire and fireworks display, fairground, catering stalls and walkabout entertainment too.
Detailed information has not yet been revealed but you can keep an eye out on the venue's Facebook page here for detailed information nearer the time.
You can also find our more here.
Dudley
There will also be events held just half an hour away from Walsall in Dudley, including at Himley Hall and West Midland Safari Park. You can find out more in our guide to bonfire events in and near Dudley here.
Events nearby: Sutton Coldfield, Tamworth and Birmingham
Just a short 20 minutes drive from Walsall, there's also a host of events in and near Sutton Coldfield for 2017. You can find out more in our guide here. And there's also a few taking places in nearby Tamworth, around half an hour away, you can find them listed here.
And you can also find other events in and around Birmingham here.
English Heritage have installed the plaque outside the former home of P. L. Travers in Chelsea.
Author P. L. Travers, whose Mary Poppins books inspired the Disney film, has been honoured by English Heritage with a blue plaque outside her former home.
To mark London History Day the plaque has been installed outside 50 Smith Street in Chelsea in west London, where Travers lived for 17 years.
The residence also inspired the depiction of the Banks family's home in the 1964 cinema adaptation starring Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke.
Mary Poppins author P. L. Travers lived at 50 Smith Street in Chelsea for 17 years. (English Heritage)
Travers' daughter-in-law Frances shared her memories of the Australian-born writer's time at the house, where she lived after returning from the US in 1945.
Frances Travers said: “Mimoo as we called her, lived in Smith Street before any of the Kings Road commercial frenzy had begun.
“She always wore a soft grey coat that swung from the shoulders, I think it was called a duster coat, and little dresses of many blue and grey checks just to mid-calf underneath.
“In her little green Ford she was able to be independent and that is how I like to remember her, with Crocus the tortoiseshell cat and Pompey the beloved dachshund!
“I am so glad that a plaque has been put on this house as memories of those days are so dear to me.
“That's when I arrived in London aged about 16, spellbound by the knowledge of what wonderful people had lived in the streets all around.
“No wonder she loved to live there too!”
Travers wrote eight books about the magical English nanny who is blown into the Banks' family household to care for their children Jane and Michael.
Travers had reservations about the way the characters in her books was reinterpreted in the Disney film.
Emma Thompson and Tom Hanks at the gala screening of Saving Mr Banks, the closing film of the 57th BFI London Film Festival at Odeon Leicester Square, London
Her disputes with Walt Disney were dramatised in the 2013 film Saving Mr Banks, which starred Emma Thompson as Travers and Tom Hanks as Disney.
English Heritage's London-wide blue plaque scheme has been running for 150 years.
Other prominent literary figures to have been recognised include Peter Pan creator J. M. Barrie in Bayswater, Moby Dick writer Herman Melville in Charing Cross, and The Wind In The Willows author Kenneth Grahame in Kensington.
English Heritage Blue Plaques' senior historian Howard Spencer praised Travers' boundless imagination, saying: “We're pleased to be able to recognise her achievements with a blue plaque on the home where she lived during the negotiations with Disney and which was in her mind's eye when she told him how the Banks's family home should look.”
© Press Association 2018
Known for developing and distributing effective personal care, beauty and weight management products using scientifically proven ingredients, Energies Forever has now set a new paradigm in skin care with its aloe vera products.
Aloe Vera Skin care products - energiesforever.com
Media Contact
Energies Forever
+44 7577118180
***@gmail.com Energies Forever+44 7577118180
End
-- Known for developing and distributing effective personal care, beauty and weight management products using scientifically proven ingredients, Energies Forever has now set a new paradigm in skin care with its aloe vera products. Combining modern science with natural ingredients, Energies Forever's extensive range of aloe vera skin care products include Cleanser, Moisturizer, Sunscreen, Exfoliator, Refreshing Toner and More.Offering the best personal care and skin care products based on Aloe Vera at the most affordable cost, Energies Forever's aloe vera skin care products are sure to show great results. If you have been suffering from skin complications like rashes, clog pore, swellings, irritations and sunburns, you can get rid of all that with aloe vera for skin. Aloe vera is a great natural element known for soothing and beautifying the skin, giving you a fresh and rejuvenated feeling. The initial roll-out includes following skin care products:Containing effective combination of stabilized aloe vera gel and solid micro-spheres from pure jojoba oil, Forever Aloe Scrub is the natural exfoliator for the face and body.Aloe Sunscreen has high SPF and blocks both UVA and UVB rays. It helps to soothe, moisturize and protect the skin against sun damage.Aloe Cleanser contains hypo-allergenic ingredients, perfect for removing makeup, dirt, and other invisible skin debris.Aloe Activator is a superb moisturizing agent, containing enzymes, amino acids and polysaccharides.This Aloe Bath is a moisturizing bath and shower gel, containing herbal extracts designed to relax and refresh the body.R3 Factor® Skin Defense Creme contains a rich combination of stabilized Aloe Vera gel, soluble collagen and alpha-hydroxy acid that will provide you healthy skin.Mansoor Ahmad, business owner of Energies Forever, said, "We are very excited to announce our innovative Aloe Vera Skin Care Products that will help customers get healthy, glowing skin, and natural benefits of aloe vera. They will love seeing radiant skin after using Forever Living Products."Energies Forever is dedicated to being a manufacturer and distributor of holistic beauty treatments, personal care products, weight management and nutrition products to help customers live a healthy life. Energies Forever's latest line of skin care products and other personal care products based on aloe vera will leave your skin & body feeling smooth, moisturized, refreshed, and rejuvenated.For complete information, please visit:Energies Forever is a multi-level marketing company that spans the globe with over 8.5 million distributors, operating in over 145 countries and generating more than 2 billion dollars in sales annually. FOREVER LIVING's offers exclusive line of health and beauty products for nutrition, skin care, weight management, personal care and cosmetics. The company and its affiliates are the largest manufacturers and distributors of aloe vera products in the world.233 Eton Road, IG1 2UHIllford, United Kingdom+44 7577118180
Prof. Ishaq Akintola, Director, Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) on Wednesday said that it would be in the best interest of Nigeria for President Muhammadu Buhari to win in 2019.
In a statement issued in Lagos, the Muslim Cleric said that Buhari's interest lies in the progress for Nigeria and the welfare of Nigerian citizens.
Akintola reaffirmed the group's commitment to the Buhari led administration, saying that it has the political will to fight corruption and to punish offenders.
“Ex-governors and powerful politicians are being sent to jail for the first time in the history of this country. Huge amounts are also being recovered. It is a record performance,” he said.
According to the MURIC director, the organisation's stand is not about any close relationship or acquaintance, but about the president's integrity.
“We marvel at his prudence, his simplicity and his altruism. He is simply a living legend. These are the qualities which we cherish in Buhari.
“His political party does not matter to us. Some Nigerians are not being honest. All of us have been complaining for a long time that the problem with Nigeria is leadership. We accused our leaders of greed, avarice and selfishness.
“We have been complaining for long that corrupt leaders always got away with their loot. Nobody ever questioned anyone. But today we have a president to whom transparency, probity and accountability are uppermost.
“Our support for this administration is driven by patriotism and good governance but not based on religion.
“If the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo who is a Christian clergy contests election tomorrow we will support him because he shares the same vision with the President.
“Wole Soyinka and Femi Falana are Christians. We will not hesitate to rally behind them tomorrow if they vie for leadership positions.
“We would have given all our energy to support Tai Solarin, Dr. Beko Ransom Kuti, Chima Ubani and Ken Saro Wiwa who were all Christians had they contested for the post of president in their lifetime.
“As religious leaders, we are speaking up to guide politicians because things may go wrong if we keep quiet, we will never give up on Nigeria. We will never surrender this country to kleptomaniacs and blood merchants no matter the amount of blackmail.
“This struggle is towards a better future for Nigerian youth, Nigerian children and generations yet unborn. Posterity will judge us,” he said.
The director cited Qur'an 8:25 which condemns docility, encourages Muslims to be proactive and warns that those who fail to speak up when necessary may eventually become victims of the evil even if they are innocent.
He also urged Muslims not to shy away from politics, saying that politics determines whether the roads will be good or not.
“Politics determines whether or not we will have stable power supply, a reliable public transport system and good public health delivery package,” he said.
He lamented that some politicians are earning N29 million monthly while poor workers are not even getting N18,000 minimum wages as and when due.
“The International Monetary Fund revealed in 1999 that one per cent of our population enjoys 85 per cent of the wealth, leaving the remaining 99 per cent of the population to struggle before having access to the remaining 15 per cent of Nigeria's wealth.
“That is why facilities cannot go round. That is why we have falling school walls. That is why public hospitals are glorified mortuaries.
“The Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria said last week that only 350 Nigerians are responsible for more than 80 per cent of the N5.4 trillion debt portfolio of the company,” he further said.
Akintola however advised Muslims to wake up to the challenge of politics, to speak up and be proactive.
“ We charge Muslims to play the role that Allah has instructed them to play and to desist from abdicating their social responsibilities.
“We urge the civil society to stand up to be counted in the struggle to free Nigeria from the clutches of the tiny cabal,” he added. (NAN)
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
Fostering friendship and understanding among various faith-based organizations in local communities to work together for disaster preparedness & recovery.
Preparing Congregations for Future Pandemic or Bio-Terrorist Attack
Media Contact
Corazon Ketchem, Noah's Ark & Co.
404-537-9930
***@lovegodservetogether.org Corazon Ketchem, Noah's Ark & Co.404-537-9930
End
-- Local 501(c)(3) non-profit Noah's Ark & Co. announces its first LOVE GOD SERVE TOGETHER event on Saturday, October 14th, 2017 from 10 AM – 12 PM at 1800 Willow Trail Parkway, Norcross, GA. This event series will be focused on training and preparing congregations in the event of future Metro-Atlanta disease outbreaks or bio-terrorist attacks.There are overin Metro-Atlanta. In the event of a mass outbreak of disease or a bio-terrorist attack here in Metro-Atlanta - there is a great need for volunteers to help dispense life-saving antibiotics or medications in less than 48 hours.With only hundreds of Public Health employees to help make this happen--To fill this need, Noah's Ark & Co. is co-sponsoring this LOVE GOD SERVE TOGETHER event with the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community on 10/14/17 - where the groups involved are(i.e., churches, temples, synagogues or mosques) who can be trained to help with this massive effort. (Other event partners are the Gwinnett, Newton & Rockdale Counties - Department of Public Health, the Medical Reserve Corps for Gwinnett, Newton & Rockdale counties as well as the Suwanee Congregation of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.)"We need your help to reach out to these faith-based leaders - so that they can be better prepared to serve - before, during, or after disasters," says Corazon Ketchem, Noah's Ark Co-Founder & Executive Director.Ahmadiyya Georgia Chapter Leader, Hazeem Pudhiapura, encourages public and private businesses to pitch wcj in when he says, "Serving God and His creation is the essence of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. Being prepared to serve during a disaster helps us demonstrate our motto of "Love for all, Hatred for none". We are delighted to partner with other faith based communities in organizing this event to serve our fellow citizens during critical disaster situations."He continues, "Please encourage your staff to reach out to their faith leaders to attend the upcoming Love God Serve Together Event on Saturday, 10/14/17. Not only will their congregations be blessed by being prepared, they also become a blessing to their neighbors as well!"Mark Reiswig, Director of Emergency Preparedness for Gwinnett, Newton & Rockdale Department of Public Health requests healthcare, city & county leaders to also join in this effort. He states, "In order for local health departments to fulfill their mandate to provide critical medications and/or vaccine in a timely manner to the public - in the event of a terrorist attack or pandemic, it is crucial for us to have tremendous support from volunteers and other community partners.I hope that this event will begin to bring many new partners to the table to be educated and trained - to help save millions of lives."Noah's Ark's motto is: LOVE GOD. SERVE TOGETHER. Its mission is to focus on local communities and invite leaders of churches, temples, synagogues and mosques to become partners and learn to work together - so they can help rescue their congregation's families and neighbors after a disaster strikes.For more information on how to get involved or help host the next Love God. Serve Together event in your community, visit the website http://www.lovegodservetogether.org
LONDON: Usain Bolt's retirement leaves a huge vacuum to fill but athletics is moving in the right direction in rebranding itself after scandals that seriously damaged its image, according to sports marketing experts.
At one point, following serious allegations about former athletics boss Lamine Diack as well as the Russian doping scandal, the sport resembled the Jamaican superstar in his last appearance in a championship final, Saturday's 4×100 meters relay, lying prone down and out on the track.
However, under the leadership of Diack's successor Sebastian Coe, president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), the governing body say it is beginning to take the right steps in restoring its image.
“The authorities are making it more accessible and improving its presentation and taking it into an urban environment with street races,” Jon Tibbs, chairman of leading sport public relations firm Jon Tibbs Associates (JTA), told Agence France-Presse.
“It is becoming more accessible and more cool but then it has to take into account that it is competing with sports such as parkour.”
Michael Payne, who as director of marketing at the International Olympic Committee (IOC) is widely credited with transforming both its brand and finances through sponsorship, told Agence France-Presse that Coe has taken measures which has seen the sport “turn a corner” but from a “very low base.”
“There is an awful lot to do post the Diack era,” said Payne speaking by phone from Switzerland.
“The issues facing athletics go far beyond losing a superstar of Bolt's stature. With no disrespect intended, superstars come and they go.”
Payne, who after leaving the IOC in 2004 performed a similar role with Formula One, said Coe had brought much needed dynamism on the back of his leading the winning bid for the 2012 Olympics and then staying on to deliver a successful London Games.
“They (the sport) have to ensure they are in robust health and clearly they were allowed to drift significantly off track,” said Payne.
“Coe has been instigating a drastic restructuring at grassroots level but you also need great events and London (the world championships) seen from afar has been a huge success. So they are still capable of delivering a great championship.
“Bolt has shown he is willing to act as an ambassador and he can play an important role in bringing the sport back to a pre-eminent position.”
‘They were true rock stars'
Tibbs, who has been honored by Queen Elizabeth II for his services to international trade and sports, says the sport does need to find a “superhuman” replacement.
He equates the loss of Bolt to how golf has suffered since Tiger Woods went into meltdown.
“Golf has declined in many markets since Woods was in his pomp, although it is not in terminal decline.
“Jordan Spieth is a great player but not a lot of people would be racing to jump out of bed and say I want to be the next Jordan Spieth.
“Woods and Bolt had exactly the same unbeatable aura, broke records and had a maverick edge to them. They were true rock stars.
“Rory McIlroy has the maverick edge but is simply not winning enough to warrant being in the same camp.”
Payne, who says the awarding of medals several years after the event is not good for the “image of the sport” as it undermines spectators' confidence that what they are watching in London is fair competition, believes one area the sport should address is modernizing the way it presents itself.
“One of the challenges the sport is facing in 2017 is athletics shown on television isn't as conducive to what it was 30 years ago.
“I am not sure athletics has moved with the times to a new media environment.”
Tibbs, whose company played a leading role in Sochi winning the 2014 Winter Olympics amongst other successes, says the sport is moving forwards after some very rough times.
“I would give them, for the moment, the benefit of the doubt that things are moving in the right direction.
“However, it is up to Coe, WADA (World Anti-Doping Agency), athletes entourages and event organizers to get together and enforce change.
“That is the challenge facing Coe.” AFP
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Justin Yule, owner of The Transformation Club in Chanhassen, announces their latest 6-week 20-pound Challenge to raise money for the Chanhassen Firefighters Relief Association.
9-11 Transformation Challenge
Contact
Justin Yule
***@thetransformationclub.fitness
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12658411/1 Justin Yule
End
-- Justin Yule, weight loss expert, and co-author of The Transformation Book is running a very special version of their now-famous 6-week 20-pound Challenge.says Justin Yule.The 9-11 Challenge is a spin-off of The Transformation Club's extremely popular 6-week 20-pound Challenge where they coach people in mindset, nutrition, exercise, and lifestyle to lose 20 pounds in 6 weeks and then keep it off. They even provide an opportunity for participants to do this for FREE!says Yule.Justin will be hosting information sessions at The Transformation Club over the next few weeks. To learn more, visit www.911TransformationChallenge.net Justin Yule is the founder, president, and chief transformation officer of The Transformation Club, and the co-author of the best-selling book, The Transformation Book.He also serves fitness professionals worldwide as a business coach and subject-matter expert. He has a bachelor of science degree in physical education with a concentration in adult fitness.Justin holds multiple specialty certifications and has helped clients achieve their health and fitness goals since 1997.To contact Justin Yule for comments, speaking engagements, and/or additional information email justin@thetransformationclub.fitness.Launched by Chanhassen weight loss & fitness experts Justin & Janell Yule, The Transformation Club is a co-ed personal training facility, which specializes in the areas of weight loss, metabolic training, and functional fitness. Learn more about The Transformation Club and the 9-11 Transformation Challenge at www.911TransformationChallenge.net
In terms of revenue, the global 3D printed medical devices market is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 17.7% during the forecast period and is projected to be valued at US$ 1469.4 million by the end of 2026.
The global 3D printed medical devices market is segmented on the basis of technology, material, application, distribution channel and region.
By technology, the SLS technology segment accounted for a higher revenue share in the global 3D printed medical devices market in 2015 as compared to other product segments. The SLS technology segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 230.0 Mn by 2026, registering a CAGR of 15.3% over the forecast period.
By material, the plastics material segment accounted for a higher revenue share in the global 3D printed medical devices market as compared to others. The plastic material segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 984.7 Mn by 2026, registering a CAGR of 17.2% over the forecast period.
By application, the orthopaedic implants application segment accounted for a higher revenue share in the global 3D printed medical devices market as compared to other segments. The orthopaedic implants application segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 643.5 Mn by 2026, reflecting a CAGR of 19.9% over the forecast period.
By distribution channel, the hospitals end user segment accounts for higher demand for 3D printed medical devices as compared to other distribution channel segments such as ambulatory surgical centres and diagnostic centres, registering a CAGR of 18.7% over the forecast period.
In terms of value, North America is expected to be the dominant regional market by 2016 end, and is expected to register a CAGR of 19.2% over the forecast period. Western Europe is expected to be the second fastest growing market registering a CAGR of 18.5% over the forecast period followed by Eastern Europe, APEJ, and Japan.
Request A Sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1501
Summary of Table of Content:
1.Executive Summary
2.Research Methodology
3.Assumptions and Acronyms Used
4.3D Printed Medical Devices Market Overview
5.Parent Market Scenario, Value Chain, Regulations
6.3D Printed Medical Devices Market Dynamics
7.3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis & Forecast By Material, 2016–2026
8.Global 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis, By Application Type
9.Global 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis, By Technology
10.Global 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis, By Distribution Channel
11.Global 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis, By Region
12.North America 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis
13.Latin America 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis
14.Western Europe 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis
15.Eastern Europe 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis
16.APEJ 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis
17.Japan 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis
18.MEA 3D Printed Medical Devices Market Analysis
19.Competitive Landscape
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/3d-Printed-medical-devices-market/toc
Contact Us
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
T (UK): +44(0)20-7692-8790
Sales: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com
FRANKFURT Bosnian auto supplier Prevent has no plans to launch a full takeover of rival Grammer AG (GMMG.DE), and expects carmakers like Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) to honor their contracts, Prevent executive Christian Becker told German daily Handelsblatt.
The comments come after automotive interiors maker Grammer warned that the growing influence of Bosnia's Hastor family, which owns Prevent and has a more than 20 percent stake in Grammer, has led carmakers to pare back business with the German company.
"Reports about a takeover or a transfer of business to other locations are pure speculation. We do not aim to launch a takeover," Becker, who heads up Prevent DEV, told the paper's Wednesday edition.
Prevent has demanded it get seats on Grammer's supervisory board as a way to tighten its grip on the German company. Prevent has declined to detail its plans for Grammer, but demanded that Grammer raise the level of profitability.
"Thanks to our experience in the automotive area we are a different investor than a bank or an investment fund. We demand more because we understand more about the business," the paper quoted Becker as saying.
Grammer's management has said that order intake has halved since the Hastor family increased its influence, without elaborating further.
Becker also said Prevent wants to increase its business with Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE). A dispute between the Hastors and Volkswagen escalated last year, resulting in stoppages at VW's Golf assembly line.
"Just as VW expects this from us, we too expect contractual reliability," Becker told the paper.
In a separate interview in Handelsblatt, Grammer's Chief Executive Hartmut Mueller said the Bosnian investor group has not explained its motives for demanding seats on the supervisory board, and has made any dialogue conditional on an extraordinary shareholder's meeting being called first.
Grammer has declined to call such a meeting and has instead sought to bring in a white knight investor, China's Ningbo Jifeng, to dilute the Hastor family's influence.
Mueller said Grammer was continuing its efforts to improve profitability. Grammer aims to raise its earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) margin to 5 percent in 2017, from about 4.3 percent currently.
(Reporting by Edward Taylor; Editing by Susan Fenton)
WASHINGTON, March 30 U.S. Senator Marco Rubio said during a Senate intelligence hearing on Thursday that unsuccessful cyberattacks from Russia targeted former members of his presidential campaign staff in July 2016 and within the past 24 hours.
Rubio said he would not comment on a remark earlier in the hearing by Clinton Watts, a cybersecurity expert, that Rubio may have been victimized by Russian activity during his unsuccessful campaign for the 2016 Republican nomination against President Donald Trump.
The cyberattacks Rubio mentioned took place after the end of his campaign for the nomination.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Dan Grebler)
March 29 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at close of play on the fifth and final day in the third and final Test between New Zealand and South Africa on Wednesday in Hamilton, New Zealand South Africa 1st innings 314 (Q. de Kock 90, F. du Plessis 53, H. Amla 50; M. Henry 4-93) New Zealand 1st innings 489 (K. Williamson 176, J. Raval 88, C. de Grandhomme 57, T. Latham 50; M. Morkel 4-100, K. Rabada 4-122) South Africa 2nd innings (Overnight: 80-5) D. Elgar c Watling b de Grandhomme 5 T. de Bruyn run out (Williamson, Watling) 12 H. Amla c de Grandhomme b Patel 19 J. Duminy b Patel 13 F. du Plessis not out 15 T. Bavuma c Watling b Henry 1 Q. de Kock not out 15 Extras 0 Total (for 5 wickets, 39 overs) 80 Fall of wickets: 1-13 D. Elgar,2-25 T. de Bruyn,3-49 H. Amla,4-50 J. Duminy,5-59 T. Bavuma Did not bat: V. Philander, K. Maharaj, M. Morkel, K. Rabada Bowling M. Henry 11 - 4 - 20 - 1 C. de Grandhomme 8 - 5 - 15 - 1 N. Wagner 5 - 0 - 16 - 0 J. Patel 12 - 2 - 22 - 2 M. Santner 3 - 0 - 7 - 0 Referees Umpire: Bruce Oxenford Umpire: Rod Tucker TV umpire: Kumar Dharmasena Match referee: David Boon Result: Draw
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Liverpool's quest for a top-four finish suffered a setback as a 2-2 draw at home to Bournemouth on Wednesday saw them again drop points to a side in the bottom half of the Premier League - the Anfield team's Achilles heel this season.
Liverpool is unbeaten in 10 games against top-six teams this season, having won five and drawn five, claiming seven more points than their closest rivals Chelsea in that mini-league.
Liverpool's downfall has been their inability to dispatch teams lower down the table, with their last six defeats dating back to last season coming against teams in the bottom half.
Liverpool have now matched their points tally from last term but losses to Burnley, Bournemouth, Swansea City, Hull City and Leicester City have created a sense of 'What if?' at Anfield.
Against Bournemouth on Wednesday, Liverpool led 2-1, having conceded an early opener, and were heading for three points before Joshua King's 86th-minute equaliser.
At one stage, Liverpool were level on points with second-placed Tottenham Hotspur but the Merseysdiers' late setback, coupled with Spurs' late 3-1 comeback win at Swansea City, means they now sit five points adrift of the north London side.
Liverpool remains third but Manchester City are two points behind them with a game in hand, while Arsenal and Manchester United are six points adrift but have two extra games to play.
"We could have closed the game earlier but we didn't find the right solution, the right pass," Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp told the BBC.
"It was clear it would not be perfect tonight but, of course, we could have found this one counter-attack to close the game.
"And then, of course, (there was) the second ball after the set piece (which led to the equaliser). It's my responsibility. We have to work on this, we have to sort it because it hurts a lot," added Klopp.
"It is important that you feel disappointment because we can't ignore it and say, 'No problem'. It's one point more which is good. We all know we can beat each team but obviously we can lose against a few. We have to learn from it."
Liverpool travels to Stoke City in their next game.
(Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Montecito celebrated Independence Day with the 18th Annual Village Fourth Parade, complete with fire trucks, scout troops and residents decked out in red, white and blue.
The parade meandered down San Ysidro Road from Upper Manning Park to Lower Manning Park, where the Montecito Association set up live music, barbecues and bounce houses for festivities all afternoon.
Earlier in the day, the Montecito Firemen's Association hosted its annual Fourth of July Pancake Breakfast at the San Ysidro Road firehouse, with all proceeds benefiting the Montecito Firefighter's Charitable Foundation.
It's been a Fourth of July staple for about 20 years, and had huge lines all morning, Battalion Chief Stu Pfister said.
It would only draw about 100 people when it first started, but the number of fans quickly multiplied.
“If we ever stopped doing this, there would be a riot,” he said.
The Los Padres National Forest Hot Shots showed up with reinforcements – more huge bags of pancake mix – near the end of the breakfast.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Many Palestinian, Arab, and global entities celebrated the voting of the UN security council on Resolution 2334 which significantly condemns all forms of Israeli settlement on Palestinian lands occupied in 1967, demands Israel to stop all settlement activities in these lands including East Jerusalem, and considers any Israeli settlement activity a flagrant violation of international law.
The resolution also holds Israel responsible for the failure of the peace negotiations and conflict settlements with the Palestinians, as well as the failure of the two-state solution because of continuous settlement projects on Palestinian lands.
In addition to all these points, for the anti-Israeli occupation parties, there are other reasons to be optimistic about the approval of the resolution, which is considered a rare incident at the UN security council— throughout its history, the council did not adopt a firm resolution against Israel except for a very few times. However, besides that optimism and hope, there are many reasons for us to carefully think about the resolution and to completely restudy it, instead of focusing on only positive aspects. The resolution includes many points that would not make me optimistic.
The first is that the resolution is adopted under chapter 5 of the Charter of the United Nations, which means that no matter how positive it is for the Palestinians and although it has angered the Israelis a lot, it is not more than a recommendation. The council cannot compel Israel to apply it by force in case it refuses to. Israel did not only refuse to apply it; it refused the resolution completely. Israeli officials announced their government's intention to approve the construction of at least 5,600 new settlement units.
Secondly, if this resolution came under chapter 7 of the Charter of the United Nations, which requires land, marine, and air intervention in all forms to compel Israel to apply it, this would also not happen for two reasons. The UN security council made a decision to stop the fight between the Palestinians and the Israelis during the last Israeli war on Gaza in 2014 under Resolution 1860. It called for the invasion forces to withdraw, and the pre-war situation to be restored. However, Israel flouted that decision, and the council did not compel it to abide by it. Another reason is that the items of chapter 7 are not applied on the permanent members or their allies. Permanent members reserve the right to veto any resolution pushed through the security council.
Thirdly, the resolution demands both Palestinian and Israeli parties to stop all acts of violence, and obliges both of them to fight terrorism through security coordination on the ground, and to condemn all forms of terrorism. That means that this resolution demands to stop and fight all forms of Palestinian resistance against the Israeli occupation, as former UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon previously described Palestinian resistance as terrorism and violence and called for it to stop. So did US secretary of state John Kerry and other international leaders.
Given that the resolution emphasises fighting violence and terrorism through pre-existing security coordination between Palestinians and Israelis, it means that the Palestinian National Authority will strengthen its security coordination with the Israeli occupation as a pretext to demand the security council apply the resolution. The position of the Palestinian authorities will be as follows: we are adhering to what the international decision dictates us to do and here we are fighting terrorism; so, where is your role in asking the Israeli side to execute its part and stop its settlements?
Fourth, the resolution calls on the Palestinian and Israeli parties, as well as international parties, to adhere to settling the conflict through negotiation, and to adopt previous bilateral agreements, and regional and international projects. This would include the roadmap that was suggested by the administration of former US president George W. Bush and the Arab Initiative, as well as the demands set by the Middle East Quartet.
All these points involve permanent concessions for Palestinian lands that were occupied in 1948, and call the recognition of Israel as a state with complete sovereignty that has the right to the Arab lands it occupies. These points also call for normalisation and the involvement in all kinds of relations with Israel, and at the same time, deprives the Palestinians of their right to resist and have a state with real sovereignty that has an army and control over its sea, air, borders, and resources.
That is why we should never build hopes on the international community and international organisations, which were established in the first place to protect the interests of the major countries that established them, and those of their allies. The UN security council is just a stick in the hands of its permanent five members.
* Coach hits 9-month high after results best estimates
* Apple hits record ahead of quarterly results
* Pfizer down after revenue misses estimates
* Fed kicks off two-day meeting; statement due Wednesday
* Dow up 0.10 pct, S&P flat, Nasdaq down 0.01 pct (Adds details, changes comment, updates prices)
By Tanya Agrawal
May 2 U.S. stocks treaded water in a tight range in late morning trading on Tuesday as a rise in technology stocks, led by Apple, was offset by losses in consumer staples and healthcare companies.
The Nasdaq Composite eked out another record high, before easing, with investors holding off from making big bets as the two-day Federal Reserve meeting kicked off.
The Fed is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates, but investors are awaiting the central bank's statement on Wednesday for hints on the possibility of a rate hike in June.
Weighing on sentiment was U.S. automakers reporting a fall in new vehicle sales for April. Ford dropped 3.8 percent, while General Motors fell 3.3 percent.
"I think the auto sales numbers have caused the market to take a step back," said Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist at Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
"I think people are reading too much into that. There's a fear that is building on last quarter's GDP numbers that the consumer is pulling back, which we don't think is the case."
Data last week showed the U.S. economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter. But, Schutte said strong corporate earnings have helped hold the market up.
"With earnings rising, that is backdrop for positive stock returns moving forward."
Overall, profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.9 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
At 11:02 a.m. EDT (1502 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 21.62 points, or 0.1 percent, at 20,935.08.
The S&P 500 was down 0.18 points, or 0.00 percent, at 2,388.15 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 0.78 points, or 0.01 percent, at 6,090.82.
Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the consumer staples index's 0.48 percent fall leading the decliners.
CVS Health was down 2.8 percent at $79.80, while Archer Daniels Midland fell 1.9 percent to $42.08, after reporting results.
Dow component Pfizer was down 1.5 percent at $33.29 after the drugmaker's quarterly revenue missed estimates, pulling down the healthcare index, which fell 0.3 percent.
The technology sector was up 0.33 percent. Apple hit a record high for the second straight day. The iPhone maker is due to report results after the close of market.
Advanced Micro Devices tumbled 17.3 percent to $11.26 after the chipmaker's second-quarter gross margins forecast raised some concerns.
Coach rose as much as 11 percent to a nine-month high of $43 after the handbag maker reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,371 to 1,369. On the Nasdaq, 1,576 issues fell and 1,063 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 37 new 52-week highs and seven new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 111 new highs and 32 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
The New West Symphony, under the baton of Maestro Boris Brott, will open its 2011-12 season on Friday with a concert it calls “Slavic Rousers.” The brilliant young — Slavic — pianist Vassily Primakov will be guest soloist.
The program begins with the distinctly non-Slavic Pastiche by John Biggs, but then heads directly to Eastern Europe for Three Dances from The Bartered Bride by Bedřich Smetana, the Concerto No. 1 in B-Flat Minor for Piano and Orchestra, Opus 23 by Peter Tchaikovsky and Capriccio Espagnol, Opus 34 by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov.
(The New West website also lists a curtain-raiser called The New West Overture by a composer named “Williams”— John? — that is dedicated to Brott and commissioned by Mary Ann and Bill Bang. There is no mention of it in the program notes, so we will just have to see what happens when the lights go down.)
Biggs, who unabashedly identifies himself with “the guys who are still writing melodies,” represents most of what is good about the American tradition of composition. (“I can see what's good about her,” says W.C. Fields, leering at Mae West. “Tell me the rest.”) His music gives pleasure — the pleasure of beautiful, and often noble, melodies woven with consummate art into the fabric of coherent forms.
Of his Pastiche, he says, “Over the years in my compositional career, I've been influenced by Medieval and Renaissance composers, who frequently borrowed material from other composers, actually, as a kind of homage to them. Whenever I've borrowed, I've done it in this same spirit. In my orchestral overture called Pastiche, I ran 27 quotes from 19 composers together in a line, and the very difficult task was to get them all to sound like they flowed naturally from one to the other.”
Czech musicians Antonín Dvorak, Leoš Janacek and Smetana are now recognized throughout the world as great composers, but it is almost exclusively upon their instrumental works that their reputations rest. In their own country, it was their operas and choral music that brought them fame and reverence. Even today, there are few opera houses outside the immediate environs of the Czech Republic that can field an entire cast of Czech singers adequate to a production of Janacek's Její pastorkyňa/ Jenůfa, Dvorak's Tvrdé palice/ The Stubborn Lovers or Smetana's Prodaná nevěsta/ The Bartered Bride.
What complicated matters was that the three composers were all ardent Czech nationalists and resisted the translation of their librettos into German, the official language of the Hapsburg Empire, of which Bohemia was then a part. Indeed, as with Gaelic in British-held Eire, there were long periods in which Czech was legally proscribed — i.e., “verboten.” To write and produce an opera in Czech was thus, on top of everything else, a political act.
Smetana wrote a few fine pieces of chamber music and a gorgeous cycle of tone poems, Ma Vlast/ My Country (whence “The Moldau”), but unlike his two compatriots, he made his name and his living largely as an opera composer. So, while he is perceived in Bohemia as the Moses of Czech music, outside the region he occupies a place on the periphery. All we generally get of his early masterpiece, The Bartered Bride, are the dashing Overture and these delightful Dances. Still, I'll take them and be grateful.
The cases of Tchaikovsky and Rimsky-Korsakov are rather different, although the latter did belong to a group of Russian nationalist composers known as “The Five,” and wrote a number of operas popular in Russia and never performed elsewhere (and Igor Stravinsky said of Tchaikovsky, “He was the most Russian of us all!”). While they, too, were subjects of an empire, their language was the imperial language, and was spoken by tens of millions, within a vast, contiguous territory.
Tchaikovsky wrote 10 operas — the most famous being Eugene Onegin and The Queen of Spades, both based on works by Alexander Pushkin — but he was only too happy to have their libretti translated into the language of whatever country wanted to produce them. And his most popular stage works — wildly and ubiquitously popular — were his three ballets, universal in their wordlessness. And both he and Rimsky-Korsakov were comfortable enough in their national skins to dress their music up in exotic costumes (The Snow Maiden, Scheherazade) or do audio-travelogues of trips through other lands (Capriccio Italien, Capriccio Espagnol).
The dazzling virtuoso Primakov is well-known to South Coast music lovers, particularly for his performances of works by Slavic romantics such as Frédéric Chopin, Franz Liszt, Tchaikovsky and Sergei Rachmaninoff.
The New West Symphony will play “Slavic Rousers” at 8 p.m. Friday in the Oxnard Performing Arts Center, at 8 p.m. Saturday at the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza and at 4 p.m. Sunday in Barnum Hall in Santa Monica.
Tickets are $25 to $78 and can be purchased, for any venue, by calling 800.New.West (800.639.9378).
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Welcome to our WrestlingINC.com Live WWE SmackDown Viewing Party. Tonight's show comes from the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville.
- Tonight's WWE SmackDown opens up with a graphic in memory of WWE Hall of Famer Bruno Sammartino. We hear fans chanting Bruno's name in the arena.
- We're live from the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville, KY as Tom Phillips welcomes us. He's joined by Corey Graves and Byron Saxton.
- We go right to the ring for MizTV and out comes The Miz for his blue brand return.
Miz takes the mic and is met with some heat from the crowd. He reminds everyone to shut their mouths when his hand goes up. Miz declares that The A-Lister is back on SmackDown, making it the A Show once again. Miz says one thing is missing - a title. He goes on and says he will win back the WWE Intercontinental Title at the Greatest Royal Rumble event on Friday in Saudi Arabia. Miz says he will beat champion Seth Rollins, Samoa Joe and Finn Balor to bring the title back to SmackDown. Miz brags about elevating the title and says that's in 3 days but tonight is now, and this is what the world has been waiting for. Miz talks about tonight's guest, saying he still holds a grudge from Talking Smack. Miz goes on about Daniel Bryan and recently welcoming his first daughter into the world, saying he's a changed man now. Miz brings up Bryan's Twitter threat on punching him tonight. He goes on and introduces tonight's guest but Bryan never shows. The music hits and out comes Big Cass instead.
Miz asks Cass if he can help him. Cass says it looks like Miz needs a guest, so that's why he's here. Miz says he was supposed to interview Bryan and Cass says no one gives a damn about Bryan. Cass talks about how hard he worked to return from his injury but who else was cleared on the same day he was cleared? Daniel Bryan. All he hears from the WWE Universe is Daniel Bryan this, Daniel Bryan that and no one was talking about Big Cass. Cass says he's been living in the shadow of an ordinary little man. Miz and Cass have words before they face off in the middle of the ring with Cass looking down at Miz. Miz says this isn't about them, this is about the Daniel Bryans of the... Cass cuts Miz off and talks trash about Bryan and his look.
Cass goes on about the fans and how they will never live their dreams because they are a bunch of Joe Schmoes. Cass talks about how he was once like Bryan but he got tired of it and grew to be 7 feet tall. He then went back and got payback from everyone who pushed him around before. Cass goes on and says he despises Bryan. Now here he is in WWE and he didn't have to work bingo halls or Japan or indies around the world. He's here because he's tall, educated and good looking. That makes him valuable, that makes him a star, that makes him money. Cass says he won't be living in Bryan's shadow for much longer because he's going to send Bryan back to where he belongs - on the shelf... beaten and retired. Cass says Bryan will never cast another shadow over him or anyone else ever again. Cass mocks the "yes!" chant and drops the mic as his music hits. Cass leaves the ring as Miz looks on.
- Still to come, a Backlash contract signing for Charlotte Flair vs. Carmella.
- We see Asuka and Becky Lynch walking backstage for the next match but the camera cuts to the side and we see Daniel Bryan down on the ground, clutching his arm and selling an injury. Adam Pearce and a referee check on Bryan and call for help as we go to commercial.
- Back from the break and Tom says Bryan has been taken to the trainer's room to be evaluated. He promises an update as soon as it's available.
Asuka and Becky Lynch vs. The IIconics
We go to the ring and The IIconics are waiting with mics. Peyton Royce and Billie Kay talk about how good they look on the big screen. They mock Becky Lynch and then Asuka. They break down how they are better than Asuka and call her The Empress of Yesterday. They go on about being the future of WWE until the music interrupts and out comes Becky Lynch as Greg Hamilton does the introductions. Asuka is out next to make her SmackDown in-ring debut.
We get some stalling to start the match but the screen splits with a commercial break and we see Billie starting the match off with Asuka.
Back from the break and Asuka has control of Peyton. Becky tags in but Peyton rocks her. They trade counters and pin attempts as Becky gets some more offense in. They run the ropes and Becky drops Peyton. Becky misses in the corner but hits a springboard kick to send Peyton back into the corner. Becky tosses Peyton but she's able to tag in Billie.
Billie turns it around on Becky and uses the ropes as the referee warns her. Billie distracts the referee, allowing Peyton to deck Becky with a cheap shot. Peyton tags back in for some double-teaming and another quick tag as fans chant for Becky. Billie keeps Becky grounded now. Becky finally gets the hot tag to Asuka and in my comes. Asuka drops Billie and goes to work on Peyton. Becky comes in to stop a cheap shot. Asuka takes Peyton down and hits the Hip Attack.
Becky tags back in for a double team hip toss. Asuka with a running kick to the nose. Becky with a leg drop. Billie goes back off the apron. Becky bumps into Asuka and knocks her off the apron. Becky unloads on Peyton now. Becky fights off Peyton and Billie now. This leads to Peyton rolling Becky up and putting her feet on the ropes for the pin.
Winners: The IIconics
- After the match, Billie and Peyton celebrate on the outside as their music hits. Asuka checks on Becky in the ring.
- Renee Young is backstage outside of SmackDown Commissioner Shane McMahon's office. WWE Champion AJ Styles comes walking out and he's all smiles. AJ says Shane just gave him the chance to soften up Shinsuke Nakamura before Friday's big match at Greatest Royal Rumble. AJ says Nakamura is bringing his friends tonight, Rusev Day. He would take them on in a Handicap Match if he had to but he's got some back-up. It's going to be a six-man match and while he doesn't name his partners, he says they are "too sweet" and walks off.
- The announcers hype Friday's Greatest Royal Rumble event on the WWE Network.
- Still to come, the Backlash contract signing for Charlotte Flair vs. Carmella. Back to commercial.
- Back from the break and we get a vignette for newcomers Zelina Vega and Andrade "Cien" Almas. They will be "coming soon" to SmackDown.
- The Usos are backstage talking when Naomi appears. Jey Uso leaves. Jimmy Uso wants his wife to promise she won't come out and get involved tonight like she did last week. Naomi says she looked The Bludgeon Brothers in the eyes last week and saw nothing. She knows this is her life with Jimmy but she has a bad feeling this time. She asks him to stop playing and be serious. Jimmy tries to calm her and says he's going to take care of Rowan tonight and then take back the SmackDown Tag Team Titles on Friday in Saudi Arabia.
Rowan vs. Jimmy Uso
We go to the ring and out comes SmackDown Tag Team Champions The Bludgeon Brothers, Rowan and Harper. Back to commercial.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Titan Petrochemicals Group Ltd:
* ‍HU HONGWEI TENDERED HIS RESIGNATION AS AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Kellogg Co:
* KELLOGG SAYS ‍ON JAN 30, CO ENTERED INTO UNSECURED 5-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JAN 30, 2018​ - SEC FILING
* KELLOGG - ‍IN CONNECTION WITH ENTERING INTO NEW CREDIT FACILITY, CO TERMINATED EXISTING FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF FEB 28, 2014​
* KELLOGG CO - ‍NEW FIVE-YEAR CREDIT FACILITY ALLOWS CO TO BORROW, ON A REVOLVING CREDIT BASIS UP TO US $1.5 BILLION
* KELLOGG-ALSO ENTERED INTO UNSECURED 364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JAN 30; FACILITY ALLOWS CO TO BORROW, ON REVOLVING CREDIT BASIS UP TO $1 BILLION Source text : (bit.ly/2GFp6Pf) Further company coverage:
New York's Department of Financial Services (DFS) is investigating Barclays (BARC.L) over its chief executive's attempt to unmask a whistleblower, a person familiar with the matter said on Monday.
The DFS probe is in the preliminary stages, the person said.
Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley apologized to the bank's staff on Monday, after the lender said it would dock his pay and reprimand him for failing to follow the lender's policy granting whisteblowers anonymity.
A spokeswoman for Barclays declined to comment.
The bank said in a statement on Monday that it had notified all relevant authorities about its handling of the case.
Barclays is licensed by DFS to do business in New York.
(Reporting by Karen Freifeld in New York, writing by Lawrence White)
So much is happening at the workhouse museum these days that it seems impossible for visitors to leave feeling anything less than total amazement.
Its hugely dedicated band of volunteers, trustees, and visionary leadership team have achieved so much in such a short space of time.
MADRID (Reuters) - Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane has defended the club's decision not to sign anyone in January, saying he has “blind trust” in his squad as they attempt to claw back a 19-point deficit to Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
The Spanish and European champions were linked by Spanish media with a move for Athletic Bilbao goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga during the winter window.
Zidane, however, said throughout January that he did not want any more signings as he had confidence in the group of players that became the first team to win back-to-back Champions League titles last season.
“We're together, even if it's a difficult moment. I've always seen the players are focussed when we have hard times,” Zidane told a news conference.
“I have faith in my squad, I have blind trust in them -- nothing else. That's how I live it and I have confidence in them. That's what I want to show; and the squad returns the feeling in terms of work, fight and the attitude that this isn't over.”
There was pressure on Real to enter the transfer market given their domestic slump.
On top of their woeful league form, they were eliminated from the King's Cup at the hands of Leganes and face the daunting prospect of facing in form Paris St Germain in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Zidane's long-term future could hinge on European success, but the Frenchman says he is focussed on the immediate tasks at hand.
He went as far as to suggest his side are still in the title race as they prepare to visit Levante on Saturday.
”I don't care about what happens next season. I'm here to think about the here and now, to prepare my team for league matches.
”You (the media) are talking as if La Liga is already won, but I don't believe that. You never know in football and we'll try to win all our games.
“As far as the Champions League is concerned we are really up for it. Madrid have won many and we will do our utmost to win our next match in that competition, too.”
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, including one Canadian, and wounded scores of others.
Turkish police meanwhile detained eight people in connection to the attack but were still hunting for the gunman who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross” and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
“We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories,” the statement said.
Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus on Monday confirmed news reports that said eight people were taken into custody but did not provide details, saying a “sensitive” investigation was underway.
Authorities had obtained the fingerprints and a basic description of the gunman and were close to identifying him, Kurtulmus said.
He said the attack in the early hours of 2017 was a message from extremist organizations that they intend to continue to be a “scourge” against Turkey in the new year. Kurtulmus also said it was intended as a response to Turkey's “successful and determined” military operation against the IS in Syria.
He said Turkey was determined to continue fighting violent groups declaring: “Wherever they may hide in 2017, we will enter their lair... With the will of God, with the support of our people, with all our national capacity, we will bring them to their knees and give them all the necessary response.”
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed late Sunday that a Canadian was among those who died in the massacre.
“We mourn with the people of Turkey today and with all countries who lost citizens in this vicious attack,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“We also grieve the senseless loss of a Canadian citizen and remain steadfast in our determination to work with allies and partners to fight terrorism and hold perpetrators to account.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
Kyrgyzstan's Foreign Ministry said it was looking into the media reports.
“We have ordered the consul in Istanbul (to) check this report that has appeared in the press,” the Interfax news agency quoted ministry spokeswoman Aiymkan Kulukeyeva as saying Monday. “According to preliminary information, this information is doubtful but we are checking all the same.”
The gunman killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified. The report said 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
Authorities have said the three suicide bombers in the airport attack were from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan and there has been speculation that Akhmed Chatayev, a Chechen extremist known to be a top lieutenant in the IS militant group, may have directed the attack.
In August, Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria, to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region. The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep, near the border with Syria, that killed more than 50 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Last week, Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations.
On Monday, Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures. The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometres (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
- With files from The Canadian Press
KUALA LUMPUR, Feb 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - An award-winning method for mapping Indonesia's vast peatlands, developed by Dutch, German and Indonesian scientists, will help the Southeast Asian nation tackle annual fires that harm health in the region, the organisers of the prize said on Friday.
The International Peat Mapping Team (IPMT) will receive $1 million for winning the two-year competition, funded by the David and Lucile Packard Foundation and managed by the U.S.-based World Resources Institute (WRI).
“To be able to manage peat well, we needed to have a map, and the map we had before was not that comprehensive,” said Nirarta Samadhi, director of WRI Indonesia.
Indonesian government agencies, which helped organise the competition, will start using the new methodology as soon as possible, said Supiandi Sabiham, co-chair of the judges.
The IPMT's approach, which combines satellite imagery, LiDAR technologies and on-the-ground measurement, won for its accuracy, speed and affordability, added Sabiham.
Peat soils contain huge quantities of carbon in the form of organic matter, which accumulates over thousands of years and provides nutrients for plant growth.
Rainforests across Indonesia's sprawling archipelago contain more than 15 million hectares of peatland - an area twice the size of Ireland - mostly on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo and in the easternmost province of Papua.
When peatlands are drained or cleared by fire, often to make way for oil palm plantations or farming, the carbon is released into the atmosphere where it traps heat, contributing to climate change.
Peaty soil is particularly flammable when dry, often causing fires to spread beyond their intended areas.
Each year smoke from fires used to clear land for agricultural expansion in Indonesia clouds the skies over large parts of Southeast Asia, raising concerns about public health.
Peat fires in 2015 were estimated to have caused up to 100,000 premature deaths, according to the WRI, and cost the Indonesian economy $16.5 billion, or nearly 2 percent of gross domestic product.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo set up an agency in 2016 to restore about 2 million hectares of damaged peatland, and imposed a moratorium on new concessions for oil palm.
The IPMT methodology will enable the Indonesian authorities to better manage peatlands, and help them create canals and wetting systems to protect peat in the dry season, WRI's Samadhi told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Open to students, engineers, consultants, scientists, companies and universities, the competition attracted 44 applicants from 10 countries.
Bambang Setiadi, a scientist in the IPMT team, said the prize money would be used to fund further research into peatlands, as well as scholarships for Indonesian students to attend German universities. (Reporting by Michael Taylor, Editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
Between 2015 and 2021, China is expected to install 40% of all worldwide wind energy and 36% of all solar
While investments in renewable energy slumped last year, a big drop in unsubsidized costs for new wind and solar power installations indicated that they remain popular energy alternatives.
Last year, the average "levelized cost" or total cost of generating power from solar worldwide dropped 17% percent, onshore wind costs dropped 18% and offshore wind turbine power costs fell 28%, according to a new report from the United Nations and Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF).
Department of Energy
"Well, after the dramatic cost reductions of the past few years, unsubsidized wind and solar can provide the lowest cost new electrical power in an increasing number of countries, even in the developing world -- sometimes by a factor of two," Michael Liebreich, chairman of the Advisory Board at BNEF, said in the report.
The average capital cost for solar power projects of new construction in 2016 was 13% lower than in 2015, while for onshore wind the drop was 11.5% and for offshore wind, 10%.
"It's a whole new world: even though investment is down, annual installations are still up; instead of having to subsidize renewables, now authorities may have to subsidize natural gas plants to help them provide grid reliability," Liebreich said.
Last year, more gigawatts of solar power were added (75GW) than of any other technology for the first time. Trailing behind solar, in order of net gigawatts installed, were wind, coal, gas, large hydroelectric, nuclear and biomass.
Renewable energy accounted for 55% of new worldwide power last year, or a total of 138.5 gigawatts (GW). That compares with 127.5GW of new renewable energy in 2015; and renewable power installed in 2016 was done so at a cost 23% lower than 2015, the report showed.
Since 2010, the dollars committed per year to new renewable energy worldwide -- excluding hydroelectric -- have increased roughly five-fold, and have since oscillated between $234 billion and $312 billion, the report said.
"A major reason why installations increased, even though dollars invested fell, was a sharp reduction in capital costs for solar photovoltaics, onshore and offshore wind," the report said.
At the same time, because of the drop in prices, last year, the overall investment in renewable energy plummeted 23% to $241.6 billion from the record established in 2015; it was the lowest total investment since 2013.
Target Rooftop solar panels on a Target store in Greenville, S.C.
Investment in new renewables capacity was roughly double that in fossil fuel generation in 2016, for the fifth successive year. The proportion of global electricity coming from renewable sources rose from 10.3% in 2015 to 11.3% in 2016, and prevented the emission of an estimated 1.7 gigatons of CO2.
Smart energy hardware such as smart meters, energy storage sources and associated IoT technologies also saw record investments last year. Asset finance for smart meters and energy storage, plus equity raised for specialist companies in energy efficiency, storage and electric vehicles, totalled a record $41.6 billion last year. That was up 29%.
In the U.S., utilities and private energy companies are increasingly investing in smart grid technology, including microgrids.
Duke Energy/Schneider Electric A rendition displaying what a microgrid would contain.
China now leads the world in renewable investments
China is now the world leader in domestic investments in renewable energy. In 2015, it invested $103 billion, a 17% increase in spending year over year -- twice as much as the U.S. invested. The country is now actively pursuing a "global" strategy, which aims for a Pan-Asian development approach.
In 2016, China increased its foreign investments in renewable energy by 60% year over year to $32 billion, according to a January report from the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis (IEEFA).
China will install 36% of all global hydro electricity generation capacity from 2015-2021, according to the report. During the same period, it will install 40% of all worldwide wind energy and 36% of all solar, the IEEFA said.
"A change in leadership in the U.S. is likely to widen China's global leadership in industries of the future, building China's dominance in these sectors in terms of technology, investment, manufacturing and employment,"
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
OFF THE ROAD: A family was travelling in a dual-cab ute when it came to grief on Fraser Island yesterday.
IF THE driver of this ute wasn't feeling a bit rough after spending Easter on Fraser Island, they are now.
The dual-cab ended up in the drink after coming a cropper in a massive wash-out near Dilli Village on the island yesterday.
The family travelling in the vehicle weren't seriously hurt.
Fraser Island Towing was called to retrieve the vehicle.
HAZARD: Ben Gerrand shared this image. "It's actually a bit over a metre high and near impossible to see if you're not travelling to the ledge side.” Ben Gerrand
While some people questioned how the driver hadn't managed to avoid the wash-out, others had some clues.
Ben Gerrand posted an image which he said showed how high the wash-out was but that vehicles travelling the direction of the ute would have difficulty seeing that.
Photos View Photo Gallery
The image of the stricken ute was posted on the Facebook Page I got bogged at Inskip Point, which has become an online shrine of photos and videos of drivers who've come to grief at Inskip, Fraser and Rainbow Beach.
A memorable Six Nations for Ireland, and a landmark one in so many ways.
Remember the good old days when the Five Nations was ruled by an Anglo-French duopoly?
For much of the 1980s, 1990s and into the early Noughties they were the dominant duo. The organisers would schedule them to meet in the grand finale to Super Saturday and there was even talk of them breaking away to swim with the bigger fish from the Southern Hemisphere. The Celts weren't good enough.
Well, a cursory glance at the final table for the 2018 Six Nations shows the Celtic nations in first, second and third place for the first time in 43 years. So let's hear it again for the Pro14, who will also host three of the four European Champions Cup ties in a fortnight.
No doubt there'll be bleating aplenty about the lack of relegation in the Pro14 compared to the Premiership and the Top 14. Perhaps there'll even be suggestions of rejigging the format again. After all, Ireland winning a Grand Slam is bad enough, but a Celtic one-two-three can't be right.
Of course, the margins are ridiculously fine at times, and remained so right up until last Saturday.
Scotland were indebted to Pascal Gauzerre not decreeing that their 78th minute maul had stopped twice before penalising Italy for collapsing, so enabling Greig Laidlaw to seal their win, and Wales only edged out France by a point. But for this alone, Wales and Scotland would have finished in the bottom half, and France and England in the top half.
Although Ireland's runaway title gives the lie to this notion, the bottom line is that, thanks in the main to Scotland's progress and France's mini revival, the Six Nations has arguably never been more competitive.
Last season, four points separated second from fifth, this season it was five points. Accordingly, for the last couple of seasons, a good team has finished fifth, and that's the way it's going to be for the next few years most probably.
Undoubtedly, Ireland's player management was a factor in this Grand Slam. Yes, it's true that there were 13 players ruled out before a ball was kicked, and this included a couple of casualties who were on the Lions tour, Sean O'Brien and Jared Payne, as well as Jamie Heaslip.
Furthermore, they lost Josh van der Flier, Robbie Henshaw and Chris Farrell along the way. Indeed, but for injuries to the latter two we might not have seen Garry Ringrose, whose excellent reads and tackling along with his footwork and carrying threat actually improved Ireland's defence.
Looked jaded
Yet against that it's worth noting 13 of the starting XV in the Stade de France pitched up again in the starting team in Twickenham in round five. Many of Ireland's Lions have retained their freshness and fitness – one thinks of Cian Healy, Jack McGrath, Rory Best, Tadhg Furlong, Iain Henderson, Peter O'Mahony, CJ Stander, Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton – whereas so many of their English counterparts, especially Maro Itoje, Courtney Lawes, Dan Cole – have looked jaded.
This is hardly any wonder when you consider that Lawes played a pre-season friendly for Northampton whereas Ireland's Lions didn't make their seasonal reappearances until rounds four or five of the Pro14. Now Eddie Jones is suggesting England may rest their Lions from next summer's tour to South Africa.
Even allowing for small margins, as England's fall from first to fifth demonstrates, if you snooze you lose in this game, or if you stand still you'll be rapidly overtaken. Whereas England has regressed, you could make a case that all five other teams have progressed this season.
Having risen to second in the world on the back of a dozen straight wins which has encompassed a Grand Slam, Ireland will be studied and targeted like never before in their history, beginning with their old mate from his Leinster days, Michael Cheika, in readiness for this summer's three Test tour.
Much of what Ireland do well is predicated on the solid foundations laid at set-piece and particularly breakdown time, and it would be no surprise to see a twin openside attack on Ireland's recycling excellence, comprising Michael Hooper and David Pocock, in the summer.
Having come up just short of a Test series win in South Africa in June 2016, targeting one away to Australia – or any of the big three Southern Hemisphere sides – for the first time since 1979 looks a natural next target for this Irish squad.
Hence, there has been no talk of resting Irish Lions from next June's tour, even though there looks to be a strong case for giving Johnny Sexton and Rory Best a break with the November home series, featuring a game against New Zealand, the retention of their Six Nations title and the World Cup in Japan next year.
World-class trio
Sexton, Tadhg Furlong and Conor Murray are a world-class trio who would all be hard to replace, and so Ireland need to invest in the back-up between now and the World Cup. One could possibly add Best, for his leadership, and Rob Kearney in current form given Simon Zebo's impending departure to Racing.
Otherwise, Ireland are developing strength-in-depth the like of which has never been seen before. There are three quality operators at loosehead and emerging options at hooker and tighthead. The stock of locks, which not so long ago looked relatively bare, is set to be further bolstered by Tadhg Beirne and Jean Kleyn.
Leinster and Munster have a conveyor belt of backrowers and far from being the barren dessert we feared post Brian O'Driscoll and Gordon D'Arcy, midfield is plentiful, witness three standout ‘13s' in successive games.
In all of this, a nod of thanks too to the the Leinster schools/academy/Irish Under-20 production line. Jacob Stockdale, James Ryan and Andrew Porter were all in the Under-20 team which beat New Zealand en route to the World Cup final less than two years ago. They expect to be winners and so far, that's all they know for Ireland.
Ryan made his Test debut for Ireland before making his Leinster debut. The system is producing readymade internationals virtually straight out of the Under-20s.
Heady days indeed.
BRIEF-Alior Bank says chairman resigns
* SAID ON WEDNESDAY THAT IT RECEIVED A NOTIFICATION FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF ITS SUPERVISORY BOARD MICHAŁ KRUPIŃSKI INFORMING ABOUT HIS RESIGNATION FROM MEMBERSHIP IN THE BANK'S SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THE FUNCTION OF CHAIRMAN AS OF JUNE 14
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* China imports from the Philippines tmsnrt.rs/2p0SLIM
By Andy Home
LONDON, May 2 Nickel has gone from bull hero to zero in the space of just a couple of months.
In early March, when London nickel was trading above $11,000 per tonne, it was the best performer among the major base metals traded on the London Metal Exchange (LME).
At a current $9,510 per tonne, it is now down 4 percent on the start of the year and vying with tin for worst performer.
Early exuberance has run aground on the shifting sands of politics in the Philippines and Indonesia, two suppliers of nickel raw materials to China's massive stainless steel sector.
What seemed a straightforward narrative of supply shortfall has become ever problematic in recent weeks.
The International Nickel Study Group (INSG) is still forecasting a supply-usage deficit this year but it has just trimmed its expectations and adjusted its deficit calculation for 2016.
Moreover, even if the INSG's assessment of a 40,000-tonne production shortfall this year proves correct, there is the not so little issue of stocks, both in LME warehouses and in China.
Graphic on China's imports of nickel ore from the Philippines: tmsnrt.rs/2p0SLIM
SHIFTING SANDS
The bull narrative for nickel appeared clear-cut.
Indonesia, previously the major supplier of nickel ore to nickel pig iron (NPI) producers in China, had stopped all shipments at the beginning of 2014.
The Philippines, which emerged to fill the resulting gap, then generated a second supply shock in the form of eco-warrior turned environmental minister Regina Lopez.
Lopez ordered the suspension or closure of almost half the country's mines, many of them nickel producers, on charges of environmental degradation.
The impact is already showing in China's trade figures.
Shipments of nickel ore from the Philippines drop over the October-March rainy season every year but the amount of material imported in the first quarter of this year, 2.32 million tonnes, is the lowest since 2012, when the country was still a second-tier supplier after Indonesia.
However, just when trade flows seem to be confirming nickel's bull credentials, the narrative is starting to unravel.
Affected nickel producers in the Philippines are fighting back, both legally and politically, and Lopez' future is far from certain with a showdown looming in the form of the firebrand's Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday.
Events in the Philippines, though, have been overtaken by those in Indonesia.
Because Indonesia has part reversed its ban on ore shipments by allowing some producers, first and foremost Aneka Tambang , to export stocks of nickel ore.
There was a suggestion that shipments had already resumed but the 300,000 tonnes of Indonesian ore that apparently landed in China in January and February seems to have been a misclassification by the Chinese customs authorities.
Not so with the 50,800 tonnes of ore that has just arrived at the Chinese port of Lianyungang in the province of Jiangsu, according to local specialist news service Shanghai Metals Market. The shipment, made by Zhenshi Holding Group, is the first official arrival of Indonesian ore since the January 2014 ban, according to SMM.
More will come.
Aneka Tambang is sitting on over five million tonnes of nickel ore and has just applied for an export license for an additional 3.7 million tonnes over and above the 2.7 million that have already been approved for export.
Remember that these exports will supplement the ever-growing amount of nickel pig iron that is now being exported from Indonesia to China thanks to the build-out of processing capacity in the country.
That was, after all, the purpose of the original ban, and the resulting flow of interim product continues to increase, more than doubling to 232,000 tonnes in the first quarter.
SMALLER DEFICIT, BIG STOCKS
Given such startling shifts and turns in the raw materials story, pity the statisticians at the INSG who have to try and weave a coherent overview of what is happening in the nickel market.
The Group has just issued its latest assessments, tweaking the production side of the balance sheet higher.
As a result, the supply deficits of 67,000 tonnes and 66,000 tonnes calculated for 2016 and 2017 at the time of its last meeting in October have been trimmed to 38,000 and 40,000 tonnes respectively.
Whichever figure you want to take, these calculated deficits are small relative to the size of global nickel stocks.
The amount of nickel sitting in the LME warehouse network currently stands at 379,182 tonnes. Last year's downtrend, which saw inventory fall by 69,000 tonnes, has dissipated. Indeed, LME stocks are now up by over 7,000 tonnes on the start of the year.
It is true that those registered with the Shanghai Futures Exchange have declined by almost 9,600 tonnes to 84,334 tonnes.
But the ebb and flow between London and Shanghai stocks seems to reflect little more than the shifting arbitrage between the two markets.
Taken in the round, total visible stocks at a current 463,500 tonnes are largely unchanged on the start of the year.
There may, moreover, be a significant amount of legacy stock sitting in the statistical shadows beyond the reporting reach of the exchanges.
ALL ABOUT ORE?
Nickel's bull story was all about the supply of ore to China and hence dependent on a continued Indonesian ban and a mass shutdown of mining capacity in the Philippines.
With Indonesia now effecting a partial about-turn in export policy and the state of Philippine play still highly uncertain, a previously straightforward narrative has become increasingly complicated.
But the real problem for nickel bulls may have been the collective focus on just one strand in the supply chain.
The more collective hopes were pinned on the disruption of nickel ore as a determinant of future price, the less incentive anyone else had to trim production during the long price decline that took place between 2011 and 2016.
Nickel, it turned out, was surprisingly price inelastic and that, as much as the vagaries of ore supply politics, may yet turn out to be the real hindrance to higher prices.
Whatever the statistical niceties of this year's supply-demand balance, the final figure is still going to be dwarfed by the amount of stocks accumulated over the last few years.
(Editing by Susan Thomas)
Wind Turbine Gear Oil Market: Overview
Wind turbines have been used in one form or another since the last 7,000 years. The primary function of the gear oil for rolling bearings in a wind turbine is to prevent or reduce contact between rolling and sliding surfaces. As a result, friction and wear are kept to a low level. Gear oil has the following functions: corrosion protection, heat dissipation from the bearing, flushing out of wear particles and contaminants (recirculating oil lubrication with filtration of the oil), and support for the sealing effect of bearing seals (grease collar and pneumatic oil lubrication). Surfaces moving relative to each other are separated completely or almost completely by a lubricant film. This film is called gear oil.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/wind-turbine-gear-oil-market.html
Hydrodynamic lubrication gear oil is preferred for wind turbines with power rating of 0.75 MW to 2.5 MW. This lubricant is conveyed into the narrowing lubrication gap by the motion of the contact surfaces relative to each other. Due to the extremely high pressure in the immediate contact zone, the lubricant here has extremely high viscosity for a short period and facilitates separation of the contact surfaces.
Development of advanced wind turbines in the 4 MW to 5 MW capacity range is under testing phase. The gear box and drive systems of these prototypes demand use of Elastohydrodynamic (EHD) lubrication.
Wind Turbine Gear Oil: Market Dynamics and Trends
Most manufacturers of wind turbine gearbox have compiled or are in the process of compiling new lubrication specifications. These specifications are more stringent than those for industrial gear applications, and more accurately reflect true operating conditions, including low-temperature conditions. Performance expectations for lubricants used in offshore wind turbines are higher due to the demand for extended life.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21575
New trends include FAG FE 8 bearing test (Fatigue test) which is required by all gear box manufacturers, move toward synthetic formulations (PAO/ester based – Poly Alfa Olefin and PAG-based – Polyalkylene Glycol), new oil compatibility specifications for paints-lacquers-sealants and bearing materials, and new extended lifecycle seal tests for static and dynamic seals.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Uber has removed its self-driving cars from the roads following what is believed to be the first fatality involving a fully autonomous car.
WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- Uber has removed its self-driving cars from the roads following what is believed to be the first fatality involving a fully autonomous car.
A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona, Sunday night, according to the Tempe police. The department is investigating the crash.
A driver was behind the wheel at the time, the police said.
"The vehicle involved is one of Uber's self-driving vehicles," the Tempe police said in a statement. "It was in autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel."
Autonomous mode means the car is driving on its own. During tests, a person sits behind the wheel as a safeguard.
Uber is conducting tests of autonomous vehicles in Arizona, Pittsburgh, Toronto and other areas. Uber said it has stopped testing the vehicles throughout the United States and Canada.
Uber said it is "fully cooperating" with local officials. "Our hearts go out to the victim's family," Uber said in a statement.
The National Transportation Safety Board said it is launching an investigation.
TM & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
(Adds comments from Exxon, CSB conference call)
By Erwin Seba and Liz Hampton
HOUSTON May 3 The U.S. Chemical Safety Board (CSB) has concluded that a 2015 explosion at a Torrance, California, refinery then owned by Exxon Mobil Corp could have been prevented, the agency concluded in a report issued on Wednesday.
"This explosion and near miss should not have happened," said CSB Chair Vanessa Allen Sutherland in a statement. "The CSB's report concludes the unit was operating without proper procedures."
The federal watchdog found that weaknesses in the Torrance refinery's safety program led to the blast.
The blast blew a large piece of debris 80 feet (24.38 m) to nearby alkylation unit settler tanks containing toxic hydrofluoric acid, which the board called a "near-miss event."
Four workers suffered minor injuries and part of the refinery underwent a lengthy shutdown, contributing to a spike in the state's gasoline prices.
The Torrance refinery supplies 20 percent of the gasoline in Southern California and 10 percent statewide.
The explosion occurred when volatile hydrocarbons flowed backward through an idled gasoline-producing fluidic catalytic cracking unit (FCCU) to a pollution control device called an electrostatic precipitator (ESP), the CSB found.
The generation of sparks by the ESP ignited the hydrocarbons setting off the explosion.
The board, which has no regulatory authority and does not assess fines, found that the FCCU was operating without pre-established limits for a shutdown.
The agency also said Exxon relied on safeguards that it could not be sure were working and that a critical safeguard failed.
Exxon said in a statement: "We are confident we understand the cause of the blast and have worked cooperatively with the Chemical Safety Board and staff to fully understand their findings and recommendations."
Regarding the hydrofluoric acid, Exxon said, "There was no evidence the Feb. 18 incident posed any risk to the modified hydrofluoric acid alkylation unit or risk of harm to the community."
Residents near the refinery want local and state officials to ban the use of hydrofluoric acid in making octane-boosting gasoline additives.
Hydrofluoric acid is a highly toxic chemical that can kill or seriously injure at a concentration of 30 parts per million. As a gas it forms a ground-hugging cloud.
The board said it has asked a federal court to enforce subpoenas requiring Exxon to provide information about safeguards to prevent or mitigate a release of hydrofluoric acid.
Exxon said it "strongly disagrees" with any statement questioning its responsiveness or cooperation with the investigation.
"We offered to make additional documents available if the CSB could provide a sufficient basis for the documents and agreed to respect commercial confidentiality, which they have not done," a spokesman said Wednesday.
PBF Energy Inc, which acquired the refinery last year, "has already implemented a number of measures that address the CSB's recommendations," PBF spokesman Michael Karlovich said in a statement. "We plan to complete two studies later this year that will address the remaining recommendations."
The CSB determines root causes of chemical plant accidents and provides recommendations to companies, industry organizations and regulatory agencies.
(Reporting by Erwin Seba and Liz Hampton in Houston; editing by Gary McWilliams and Matthew Lewis)
(Adds background)
ZAGREB, April 2 Indebted Croatian food and retail group Agrokor has signed a standstill agreement with creditors in an effort to stabilise its business, the company's spokeswoman said on Sunday.
On Friday a group of creditors including two top Russian banks and the Croatian arms of Austrian and Italian lenders, said that they had agreed with Agrokor in principle on the main elements of a standstill agreement.
"Agrokor has signed the agreement," the spokeswoman said but declined to go into details.
Agrokor, the largest private firm in Croatia and the biggest employer in the Balkans with around 60,000 workers, built up debts of about 45 billion kunas ($6.44 billion), or six times its equity in the course of its regional expansion.
The agreement is expected to include a cash injection and new management tasked with restructuring the business. Analysts believe the company, whose operations are focused on Croatia, Slovenia, Serbia and Bosnia, will have to sell off some operations.
Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic is set to meet Agrokor's local suppliers for talks on Monday. Debts to suppliers alone have been estimated to be some 16 billion kunas, according to media reports. ($1 = 6.9841 kuna) (Reporting by Igor Ilic; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
April 3 West Mountain Environmental Corp :
* West Mountain Environmental - received demand for payment from Jereh Energy Services Corporation for payment in full of amounts owing under bond agreement
* West Mountain Environmental Corp - payment of amounts was due on March 31, 2017
* West Mountain Environmental Corp- WMT continues to review available strategic options with its advisors
* West Mountain Environmental-Jereh notified co that failure to pay outstanding amounts within 5 days will be an event of default under bond agreement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING
The Charter Township of Orion Zoning Board of Appeals will hold a public hearing on Monday, July 23, 2018 at 7:00 pm in the lower level of the Orion Township Hall, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan 48360, on the following matter:
AB-2018-24, Robert P. Cathers, 3808 Waldon Rd., 09-19-400-007
The petitioner is requesting three (3) variances from Zoning Ordinance No. 78:
Article 27, Section 27.02 (Over 2.5 Acres): 1. A 3,794 sq. ft variance above the allowed 1,900 sq. ft. Total Maximum Floor Area of All Accessory Buildings to build a 3,000 sq. ft. addition to a detached barn for a 5,694 total square footage of all accessory buildings. 2. A 3,712 sq. ft. variance above the allowed 1,400 sq. ft. Maximum Floor Area of Detached Accessory Building to build a 3,000 sq. ft. addition to a detached barn for a 5,112 total square footage of all detached accessory buildings. Article 5, Section 5.02 H.2: 3. A 10' setback variance from the required 70'setback from any property line for a stable to build an addition to a detached barn 60' from the East property line.
You may send correspondence regarding this case to the Orion Township Hall, addressed to the Zoning Board of Appeals, or you may attend the public hearing to express your views and/or concerns.
A complete copy of the proposed ZBA application is on file in the Planning & Zoning Department and may be examined during normal business hours, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday through Friday, until the date of the public hearing.
Orion Township will provide necessary and reasonable auxiliary aids, and services for individuals with disabilities at the public hearing upon advance notice by writing or calling Penny S. Shults, Township Clerk, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan 48360; (248) 391-0304, ext. 4001. Please contact the Clerk's office at least 72 hours in advance of the public hearing.
Loren Yaros, Chairman
Zoning Board of Appeals
Charter Township of Orion
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Marta May lives in Bloomfield and is used to seeing trucks coming and going from the Stony Point Rock Quarry west of Cotati.
But never has she seen anything like the procession of heavy-duty dump trucks recently waiting to deliver their seemingly endless loads of rubble to the facility.
“There are millions of them,” May said after passing the long line of trucks along Stony Point Road late last month.
Equally amazing is what they are leaving behind: a mountain of concrete chunks 30 feet high, the remains of hundreds of driveways and foundations cleared from some of the 5,100 residential properties in Sonoma County destroyed in October's fires.
“It's huge and it keeps getting bigger, and you wonder how much bigger that it can get,” May said.
The activity around the quarry is just one more reminder of the unprecedented scale of the fires, which scorched 137 square miles in Sonoma County, killed 24 people, and triggered the largest wildfire cleanup in the state history.
While tens of thousands of tons of ash and debris from destroyed homes is being deposited into the Sonoma County landfill, raising concerns about its future capacity, by contrast the concrete heading into the quarry will be recycled, said Mark Soiland, president of the Soiland Company, which owns the quarry.
Until recently, the quarry was receiving about 300 truckloads per day of concrete from contractors clearing home sites under the management of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Soiland said.
By late last week, 234,000 tons of debris had been removed from 923 properties in Coffey Park, Fountaingrove and Larkfield-Wikiup by contractors working for the Corps.
The Corps estimates about a million tons ultimately will be cleared from burned out properties, much of it heading to landfills, while the balance — mostly concrete, metal and wood — can be salvaged and recycled.
The concrete heading to the Stony Point Road quarry will have its rebar removed before being ground into ¾-inch chunks and sold as road base, mostly for building projects in Sonoma County. Building activity is particularly brisk in Rohnert Park and Petaluma, Soiland said.
The demand for that product is strong, but at the moment the supply far exceeds the demand or the quarry's capacity to process it, Soiland said. So in the meantime, it's being stockpiled. After stripping out the rebar, excavators and front loaders are stacking the chunks into towering piles of broken concrete.
“We flew a drone over it recently and estimate that we have 41,000 tons in here,” Soiland said.
The quarry has plenty of additional capacity, and Soiland expects a significant percentage of the total concrete from the cleanup to pass through his facility. The amount already is enough, he said, to supply its customers' anticipated road base needs for about three years.
The material is considered clean and there are no restrictions on its reuse, according to the Corps. Tests for asbestos have all come back negative, said Patrick Bloodgood, a Corps spokesman.
Part of the reason for the huge queue outside the Stony Point Road facility were rains last month that briefly halted some of the work by contractors, creating a backlog of material they needed to get through, Soiland said.
Another reason is the Corps, because it's footing the bill, requires its own officials to be on site monitoring and manually tracking the intake of the material, Soiland said, a process that takes extra time.
What to Know Tri-state commuters should expect a soggy, messy morning rush for Wednesday as another storm system moves through
Showers may begin shortly before midnight, then intensify overnight; winds will maintain their strength and keep nighttime temps fairly low
No significant flooding is expected with the storm, but there could be ponding in low-lying areas; conditions improve Tuesday
The glorious stretch of weather that has rescued tri-state residents from a seemingly endless winter featuring "foureasters" and April snow is about to hit a speedbump.
Storm Team 4 says showers associated with a looming storm system will begin to move in just before midnight and intensify overnight, lashing the region with wind-swept rains expected to be at their worst during the morning rush on Wednesday.
Lingering showers and isolated thunderstorms are expected to keep conditions soggy and unsettled through the day Wednesday, with high temps not likely to break out of the 50s. Track the storm and get weather alerts right here.
Storm Team 4 says three-quarters of an inch to an inch and a half of rain should be expected for a wide swath of the region, with locally higher amounts possible. No significant flooding is expected with the storm, a relief for those who dealt with subway station waterfalls and submerged roads as flash floods struck the tri-state last week.
Man Battles Waterfall to Get Out of NYC Subway Station
Crazy video taken at the 145th Street/Broadway subway station shows a man battling upstream to get out of the underground as water gushes down the station stairs. MTA staff told NBC 4 the City sewer drain was blocked, backing up to the point water flowed around the corner, on to the sidewalk and into the uptown station entrance. The video was taken after torrential rains hammered New York City Monday morning. Full story and forecast details here. (Published Monday, April 16, 2018)
Conditions improve slightly Thursday, with highs bumping back up into the mid 60s as storm clouds move away.
Possible afternoon showers return to the forecast Friday, but the latter half of the weekend looks promising.
In Photos: Dramatic Floods as Huge Storm Punishes Tri-State
SOUTH PORTLAND — A North Anson teenager was injured in a car crash early Monday morning after his vehicle slammed into a vacant building at 1122 Broadway.
Police Sgt. Christopher Todd said in a press release the 19-year-old boy was driving a mid-2000s Ford Taurus when he crashed through the front of what was formerly North East Turf.
Todd said fire and emergency medical services had to use extrication equipment “to remove the driver from the heavily damaged vehicle.” The driver was taken to a nearby hospital with non-life threatening injuries. There were no other occupants in the vehicle.
The crash was reported at 12:17 a.m. by a passerby who stopped to help.
“There was no sign of drug or alcohol use, and speed appeared to be a large contributing factor in the crash,” Todd said. “The investigation is ongoing.”
A 19-year-old driver crashed a Ford Taurus into this vacant building at 1122 Broadway in South Portland early Monday, April 17. The driver had to be extricated and was taken to a hospital.
At long last, it's not all testosterone.
Today, a statue of suffragist leader Millicent Fawcett was unveiled in London's Parliament Square - the first statue of a woman to reside in the famous square opposite Westminster Palace.
The Fawcett statue joins 11 of men in the square, including Winston Churchill, Nelson Mandela and Mahatma Gandhi.
British Prime Minister Theresa May - Britain's second female leader of Parliament - was at the unveiling and said that she wouldn't be where she was today had it not been for Fawcett, who campaigned for women's right to vote.
Advertisement
"I would not be standing here today as prime minister, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have had the right and protections we know enjoy, were it not for one truly great woman," she said, referring to Fawcett.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who describes himself as a "proud feminist," said he hoped that the statue would be an inspiration to those fighting for gender equality.
He said it was an opportunity to celebrate but also to "take stock and to acknowledge that the original goal of gender equality hasn't been reached."
Khan added: "It's simply not right that this historic square has been a male-only zone for statues, because statues matter. They are a symbol of our values, the demonstration of the importance we place on hard battles won, both in peace and war, and an expression of who and what we chose to celebrate."
Britain is marking the centennial of (some) women getting the right to vote - in 1918, women older than 30 who owned property in Britain achieved the right to vote. It was also the year that women were allowed to stand for election as a member of Parliament for the first time. (The first woman to take her seat in Parliament was Nancy Astor, an American who moved to the UK when she was 26.)
I would not be here today as PM, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have the rights and protections we now enjoy, were it not for Millicent Fawcett. It is an honour to be unveiling her statue in Parliament Square later today. pic.twitter.com/BvmfhvaElS — Theresa May (@theresa_may) April 24, 2018
Fawcett was a leading figure in the campaign in the long fight for women's right to vote. Born in 1847 in coastal town of Aldeburgh, Fawcett was interested in women's suffrage, even as a teenager.
When she was 19, she organised signatures for a petition calling for votes for women (she was too young to sign it herself). She became well-known as an advocate for peaceful protests and in 1897 became president of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. She also campaigned for equal access for higher education.
She died in 1929, a year after voting rights were extended to all women older than 21.
The new 2.5m statue by Gillian Wearing is the first statue in the square to be designed by a woman.
Courage calls to courage everywhere. The unveiling of the first statue of a woman in Parliament Square - first statue by a woman in Parliament Square. A beautiful statue. An incredible woman. For all women. For everyone. #MillicentFawcett pic.twitter.com/HEOiaLc09P — Yvette Cooper (@YvetteCooperMP) April 24, 2018
The statue is holding a placard that reads "courage calls to courage everywhere" - a quote taken from a speech Fawcett gave following the death of suffragette Emily Wilding Davison who was fatally injured at the Epsom Derby horse race in 1913.
The unveiling follows an online petition started by the writer and activist Caroline Criado Perez, whose previous campaigning work led to Jane Austen appearing on Britain's 10-pound banknote.
Criado Perez said she began the campaign for a woman statue after she went jogging through the square on International Women's Day in 2016 and noticed that all of the monuments were men.
At the unveiling today, she said: "Women are still woefully underrepresented, but we are making one hell of a start in changing that."
Police are hunting for two men following an assault outside a town centre pub.
They are seeking help from the public in identifying the duo whose images were captured on CCTV.
Officers say they want to speak to the pair in connection with an assault outside Airfield Tavern pub in Horley High Street in the early hours of Wednesday January 11.
Surrey Police say that the victim, a 38-year-old man, was reportedly walking into the pub at around 1am when he was assaulted and suffered a fractured jaw.
PC George Willie from Reigate area Patrol Team said: “I would like to speak to the men in these images as I believe they have information which could assist ongoing enquiries.
“I am also keen to hear from anybody who was in the vicinity of the Airfield Tavern pub that night or anybody with any information.”
Surrey Police urges anybody with information to call 101 quoting, 45170003361 or report online at https://report.police.uk/ quoting the reference number in the additional information section.
Media Contact
contact@matrixnmedia.com
End
-- Matrix Media Solutions, enters into a partnership with the top digital marketing firm in New Jersey, WebProSys, for providing enterprise development solutions in the USA.The leading web development company in Kolkata, Matrix Media Solutions has established a new presence in the USA with WebProSys as its official partner. With the combined strength of these two agencies, there will be a new name when it comes to on-demand offshore web development for mid-level companies in North Eastern US.WebProSys brings over 12 years of experience in delivering .Net, Sitefinity and web applications to the New York and New Jersey markets. Matrix Media, an ISO 9000 certified global delivery company with a staff of over 80 excels at offshore development for mid-sized companies.With fourteen plus years of experience underlining its services, Matrix Media Solutions has become one of the most sought after providers of web design and development services in Kolkata. The company has gone from strength to strength as they keep their focus on utilizing the latest technologies to serve a global clientele.Matrix Media Solutions specializes in providing a complete package. With web design and development technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, PHP, .NET, Magento and WordPress, the company creates tailored web and ecommerce solutions for its clients. It takes the client one step further by developing Android, iOS and Hybrid apps.The company provides support to their clients with additional services such as animation, illustration, SEO, digital marketing and content marketing. A strong emphasis on quality assurance enables the delivery of results that are not only satisfactory but also outstanding.CEO Vivek Jain explained: "At Matrix Media Solutions, all our teams are comprised of experienced developers and professionals who maintain the timeline for quality deliverables. Our staff strength of highly qualified experts allows us to ensure each project gets enough expert attention for the best results"Operating in the competitive IT market of Kolkata, it is a testament to Matrix Media's skills that the company has remained one of the top IT firms in the city. From the vast talent pool of IT professionals in the city's thriving market, the company selects the best professionals who can help in realizing the objectives of the company.The company's insistence on delivering satisfactory results to clients led to the formation of Developers to Hire. This venture was aimed for mid-level IT companies who require resources to support their own requirements. Being dedicated resources, they work exclusively for the client. A wide range of skillsets and resources can be hired this way.Together, the two companies hope to deliver better services and results to their clients. This partnership marks a new era for both companies as they go forth and help their US based clients take advantage of the global delivery model via the internet.For more information on both companies, check out their websites at
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe wants to sign on-loan midfielder Jack Wilshere on a permanent basis, despite relegating the Arsenal player to the bench for the last four Premier League games.
Wilshere joined Bournemouth on a season-long deal at the start of the season and the 25-year-old are into the final 18 months of his contract at the Emirates.
"I've always said, 'We love Jack, we would love to sign him'," Howe, whose Bournemouth side were held to a goalless draw by Southampton on Saturday, told British media.
"But that decision will rest with Arsenal, with Jack, with other people: it's out of our hands. And Jack may well see his future elsewhere."
With midfielder Andrew Surman suffering a knee injury at Southampton, Wilshere, Harry Arter and Jordon Ibe are in contention to replace the South African in the starting lineup for the league match at Liverpool on Wednesday.
"We've got real competition in that position," Howe added.
"You've seen Harry Arter come off the bench: he's been outstanding for us this season. You've got Jack; Dan Gosling's done very well for us in recent weeks."
Bournemouth, who are 11th in the league, have picked up two victories in their 15 games on the road ahead of their Anfield trip.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
May 2 Oclaro Inc
* Oclaro announces third quarter fiscal year 2017 financial results
* Q3 non-gaap earnings per share $0.23
* Q3 gaap earnings per share $0.22
* Sees q4 2017 revenue $144 million to $152 million
* Q3 revenue $162.2 million versus i/b/e/s view $160.2 million
* Q3 earnings per share view $0.20 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Oclaro Inc- guidance for quarter ending july 1, 2017 is revenues in range of $144 million to $152 million
* Oclaro Inc- guidance for quarter ending july 1, 2017 is non-gaap gross margin in range of 38% to 41%
* Q4 revenue view $164.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Harry Bateman and Chantelle Cassidy are carving up at the John Jones Steel Harewood Open to both hold a mammoth and matching six-shot lead after three rounds.
Typically known as moving day, the only movement in the womens field was backwards as they all struggled in the wet conditions around the Harewood golf course.
Waikato amateur Cassidy, is more than likely to lock away her third Harewood Open title tomorrow, but isnt getting ahead of herself.
"I feel saturated, but other than that I feel okay and I know its going to be equally challenging tomorrow," smiled Cassidy.
"Im certainly going to stick to my plan that I have used over the past few days and Im not going to worry about six-shots, especially with Amelia [Garvey] behind me."
Victory tomorrow afternoon would complete her third Harewood Open title in four years as she starts to put together an impressive dynasty here in Christchurch.
Meanwhile in the mens field, Harry Bateman has continued his surge at the John Jones Steel Harewood Open to now hold a six-shot lead and gets a step closer to winning his maiden Jennian Homes Charles Tour title.
Bateman didnt let the weather put a dampener on his form to card a round of two-under par which included three birdies in the opening five holes.
A softly spoken Bateman is not looking too far ahead, knowing how hard it is to capture victory on this prestigious tour.
"Yeah it was a pretty solid day in what was obviously quite tough conditions, but I got off to a good start but couldnt get anything to drop coming home," said Bateman.
"It feels good to be in this position, but nothing changes for tomorrow, so I will be looking to change that and theres a first time for everything.
"Today my ball striking is the best its been."
The leaderboard hasnt seen many changes with the same party of golfers vying for second place. David Smail finds himself in the final group and in second place at six-under par with rounds of 71, 69 and 70.
Gareth Paddison completes the final group and is a further two-shots back from Smail.
The final round is set to tee off at 8:30am.
- This story has been automatically published using a media release from Golf NZ
PARIS Hedge fund TCI Fund Management renewed pressure on France's Safran to suspend its bid to buy Zodiac Aerospace after the aircraft seats maker issued a second profit warning in as many months.
TCI has waged a public campaign to persuade Safran to cancel its proposed $9 billion offer for Zodiac, saying it was overpaying for a struggling company, a view underpinned by Zodiac's posting of a first-half operating loss.
"These are disastrous results from Zodiac yet again... Zodiac's business continues to implode with no sign of recovery," TCI founder Christopher Hohn said in an emailed statement.
"Zodiac is in serious financial difficulty and we think it needs an emergency rights issue, which would cause the Zodiac share price to fall substantially," he said, adding the appointment of a new special board adviser was a distraction from the company's problems.
TCI partner Jonathan Amouyal told Reuters by phone that despite this, the fund was not ruling out a deal completely.
"They are paying a top price when the sea of uncertainty could not be any higher... our advice is don't rush it."
"Do more work, let the dust settle, come back in six months' time, in one year or two years once you have further conviction in your capability to turn it around and then buy it but don't pay a top price today on top of uncertainty," he said.
For its part, Safran on Friday said it would continue talks with Zodiac despite the latter's profit warning.
(Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Andrew Callus and Adrian Croft)
Regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approval a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
FILE PHOTO - Baidu's company logo is seen at its headquarters in Beijing December 17, 2014. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
BEIJING Chinese internet firm Baidu Inc has agreed to acquire U.S. computer vision firm xPerception for an undisclosed amount to support their renewed efforts in artificial intelligence as Chinese tech firms face regulatory headwinds in U.S.
xPerception, which makes vision perception software and hardware with applications in robotics and virtual reality, will continue to develop their core technology under Baidu's research unit, the Chinese firm said in a statement on Thursday.
"The acquisition of xPerception is the latest in a recent series of notable investments aimed at strengthening Baidu's position as a global leader in AI," it said.
Baidu is targeting foreign personnel and technology as part of a wider drive to refocus company resources on developing artificial intelligence capabilities.
Revenues from the firm's core search unit took a beating last year when the Chinese government tightened online ad regulations, culling a chunk of existing advertisers with new eligibility requirements.
The announcement comes as other Chinese tech firms struggle with regulatory push-back on acquisitions in the U.S. market.
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd affiliate Ant Financial has denied claims by rival bidder Euronet Worldwide Inc that its bid for U.S. remittance firm MoneyGram International Inc poses national security risks.
On Tuesday Chinese internet firm LeEco announced it will scrap a $2 billion bid for U.S. electronics firm Vizio.
Baidu says xPerception will help the firm develop visual perception technology for their augmented reality projects and autonomous driving unit.
xPerception is founded by two former engineers from Magic Leap, a U.S. augmented reality startup that counts Alibaba as an investor.
(Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by Stephen Coates)
[Noozhawk's note: One in a series on Santa Barbara Partners in Education volunteers. This article is sponsored by Southern California Edison, a partner in Education President's Council member.]
Not too long ago, Linda Locker saw a story on 60 Minutes about the challenges homeless children face, and she decided she wanted to help. She did some research and found Victor Lopez, a homeless youth liaison with the Santa Barbara County Education Office's Transitional Youth Services program.
“She just called out of the blue and wanted to get involved somehow,” Lopez said.
| Partners in Education President's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
On the phone that day, Locker described her experiences in education, which included extensive work in one-on-one tutoring, and she offered to provide educational support for homeless children in any way she might be needed.
Lopez told Locker about his idea to incorporate tutoring sessions into a summer camp he was coordinating for children at Transition House, a homeless shelter for families in Santa Barbara. After hearing his plans, Locker enthusiastically agreed to help implement the tutoring portion of the camp. In fact, she immediately started calling numerous close contacts with teaching experience, asking if they would provide high-quality tutoring to students who were facing a number of challenges brought on by extreme poverty and homelessness.
“After seeing the TV report on homeless youth, I realized the importance of the school connection in their lives,” said Locker, explaining what galvanized her involvement with the summer program. “I thought Victor's vision for Camp THINK! was just what the children needed.”
A testament to Locker's reputation among her friends, she had no trouble quickly securing 10 volunteer tutors.
“Linda really stepped up to play an instrumental role in the coordinating and planning process of the camp's tutoring component,” Lopez said. “She even organized trainings for volunteers before the camp began. She put her heart into it.”
Once the tutors were confirmed, Lopez talked to Michelle Magnusson of Santa Barbara Partners in Education about aiding in the crucial background checks of Locker's volunteers. By law, volunteers who work closely with children for a certain length of time are required to undergo tuberculosis and live scan testing.
A veteran of this process, Partners in Education provided Transitional Youth Services, with whom it shares an office and the SBCEO umbrella, with the same streamlined volunteer screening services it utilizes for its Volunteer Recruitment and Coordination program. This partnership allowed the camp tutors to get swiftly situated in their roles and begin their important work.
In addition, Partners in Education coordinated several guest speakers to talk with the children on topics such as specific careers and financial literacy.
Camp THINK! is an example of collaboration at its best.
Looking back on the experience, Locker has fond memories.
“Working with Transitional Youth Services, Transition House and Partners in Education was the happiest of collaborations,” Locker said. “On top of that (First) United Methodist Church offered us a space to use and Easy Lift helped out with transportation needs.
“With Victor as coordinator, everyone was focused on each child's needs and on making the camp a meaningful and fun experience for the kids. We were a powerful team.”
For a total of four weeks, 15 elementary and junior high school children from Transition House engaged in tutoring sessions, different college and career exploration activities, and outdoor learning opportunities through Camp THINK!
According to Bonnie Beedles, manager of Transitional Youth Services, “The tutors did an amazing job engaging the children in activities to which they're sometimes resistant, especially in the summer! You could see how much the kids loved working closely with their tutors, and that enthusiasm really shows how skilled and caring each of these tutors are.”
“The goal of the program was to give the children a safe and positive experience during the summer, while getting them to begin thinking and preparing for their futures,” Lopez added. “The tutoring component of the camp was a big part of that process, in hopes that the children would be better prepared and have more confidence in themselves when they returned to school in the fall.”
Angela Valente, a private practice educational therapist, was among the volunteer tutors providing each child with close, individual attention.
“Most of my clients come from families of privilege”, Valente explained. “Camp THINK! provided the perfect opportunity for me to be available to smart, resourceful children who are on the other edge of the economic spectrum.”
The camp had such an impact on everyone involved that a reunion for children, parents and tutors was organized and held at First United Methodist Church last weekend. The opportunity to meet again allowed for tutors, Transitional Youth Services and Transition House to measure impacts of program.
“We wanted to know if they were using anything from their camp experience that was helpful to them and to hear about their successes and their struggles,” Locker said.
Just as important, the event provided a way for those who formed close bonds with the children to reconnect. Future ongoing Camp THINK! reunions are in the works.
Looking ahead, Beedles has high hopes for the camp.
“My hopes for this program are that Transition House students will benefit not only from individualized tutoring, but also from the relationships they form with stable, caring adults whose consistent attention sends a message of encouragement and an expectation that they will succeed,” she said.
Excited about her future involvement as a Camp THINK! volunteer and coordinator, Locker echoes that goal.
“We just want to let them know we are here to support them in their education,” she said.
» Click here for more information on Santa Barbara Partners in Education.
» Click here for more information on how to become a President's Council member or contact Michelle Magnusson, development and membership director, at 805.964.4710 x4417 or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
» Click here for a related article from Partners in Education board president Lynda Nahra.
» Connect with Partners in Education on Facebook.
| Partners in Education President's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
— Chelsea Pacino Duffy coordinates the Santa Barbara Partners in Education paid job training and internship program.
Travel writer Jan Henderson appreciates a welcome return to the popular Italian ski resort.
NEVER go back, they say – but whoever “they” are, I suspect they have never been skiing in Sestriere. I've been back to the Italian resort three times now – it's been great each time, and I'll go back again if I get the chance.
My most recent visit was in early February this year, courtesy of Crystal Ski Holidays and the Vialattea tourist office – and in a season blighted by a lack of good early snow, our visit was blessed with an abundance of the white stuff, with a big dump of snow just before we arrived. Fresh snow and clear blue skies will obviously make any ski resort look its best, but I have skied Sestriere and the Vialattea (Milky Way) when snow conditions have been less than great, and the resort's north-west facing runs and high position (2040 metres, with the highest lift at 2840 metres) usually mean that there's still plenty of good skiing to be enjoyed.
The recent snowfall meant that our coach struggled to reach the resort, as the driver was reluctant to put on the snow chains after the two-hour or so transfer from Turin airport – but we eventually slithered through to arrive at the welcoming Hotel du Col. The low-rise hotel must be the best placed in the resort for skiers as it is literally at the foot of the slopes, with a selection of chairlifts just a short walk from the boot room.
The recently-refurbished hotel has stylish, modern and comfortable twin, triple, quad and single en-suite rooms to suit a variety of group needs, while the large self-service restaurant offers regional and Italian specialities to suit every taste. The bar downstairs is a congenial place to while away an hour or two and swap ski stories with your friends and other guests.
If you are looking for serious nightlife, Sestriere is probably not the place to be – Souze d'Oulx, pretty much next-door in the Vialattea ski area, is famous/notorious for that – but that's not to say Sestriere has no après ski or places to go when the lifts shut for the day. Liveliest is GFC (Gargote Fashion Café), accessible by ski or a short walk up the slope from the resort, which aims to be an Italian-style Folie Douce après ski party/music venue, and gets very busy indeed as the day's skiing draws to a close, but also has themed events in the evenings.
However, if you prefer your après ski a little more restrained, a stroll around town will show plenty of bars and restaurants. The Italians love their food, and the restaurants reflect this, with destinations to reflect most tastes and budget. Our group was fortunate to eat out one evening at the splendid Principe di Piemonte hotel on the edge of town – also available on Crystal's hotel roster – where the food for guests is a cut above, and that's without venturing into their gourmet Belle Epoque restaurant.
The passion for good food extends to the slopes themselves, where there are plenty of places to stop off for anything from a hot chocolate or a beer to a full lunch. The Refugio Aquila Nera, easily accessed in the centre of the Bancetta Bowl above Sestriere, and the Ristorante Monte Triplex in Sportina both did our little group proud with extensive arrays of local and traditional delicacies – fuelling us up for a few more hours of afternoon skiing.
Which leads me neatly to the skiing itself – after all, that's the main reason you'll be spending your hard-earned cash to visit the resort. The majority of British skiers heading to the slopes each winter fall into the intermediate category – and Sestriere, and indeed the whole Vialattea area, is intermediate heaven. The area lift pass covers the massive 400 kilometre Milky Way area, with 109 of the 200-plus runs designated intermediate, and these range from the high, open Olympic runs well above the tree line at the top of Sestriere to long wooded pistes down towards the Borgata area. There's a similar mix of terrains across the whole area, and an average intermediate will have no trouble skiing across to the other main resorts of Pragelato, Sansicario, Cesan, Claviere and the aforementioned Souze d'Oulx.
The far reaches of the Vialattea even stretch across the border to the French resort of Montgenevre – well worth a visit, but includes a number of long, often chilly chairlifts. A better option is to take advantage of the away-day Crystal excursion – a 45 minute coach ride that gets you to Montgenevre as the lifts open and gives you a full day on their pistes, rather than spending a good part of the day trekking there and back.
For more advanced skiers the huge Amfiteatro bowl offers excellent skiing, and the black runs at the top of Motta and Sises provide a challenge for experts. The famous Kandahar Slalom and Kandahar Banchetta runs are used in World Championship races. I'm no off-piste skier myself, but am reliably informed that Sestriere has plenty of off-piste opportunities. The Monginevro Pass has a lot of easily accessible bowls from the lifts or with a short hike on skins, while the route down to Pragelato involves a lovely open bowl at the beginning followed by some exciting lines through a larch forest.
For beginners, slopes fan out in an arc from the ski school meeting place in the centre of Sestriere – right next to the Hotel du Col - with easy runs from the two baby lifts and the Jolly, while to the right of the area are two drag lifts, ideal for first timers.
A six day high season area pass, which covers all lifts on the Italian side of the Milky Way area plus one day skiing in Montgenèvre, is £166 for adults and £31 for a child under seven – actually pretty reasonable for 400-odd kilometres of piste when you compare it with about £250 for a six day Tignes/Val d'Isere pass or £265 for the Trois Vallees in France.
Add the relaxed, genuinely welcoming Italian atmosphere to the fantastic skiing, comfortable hotels coupled with great food and drink and you'll quickly see why so many Brits – myself included – are happy to keep going back to Sestriere.
Jan Henderson travelled to Sestriere with Crystal Ski Holidays (www.crystalski.co.uk; 020 8610 3123), who offer a week's half board at the four-star Hotel du Col in Sestriere, Italy, from £689 per person (based on two sharing) including flights from Gatwick to Turin and transfers (price given is for departure on 8 April 2018). Direct flights available from all major UK airports.
NAGA CITY (Bicol Standard) – Bicol Standard, the region's most read and fastest-growing news source, is celebrating its 25th anniversar...
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While he was nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said he wasn't upset when he found out about the snub; in fact, he believes it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” he told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that he has everything going for him, and he has received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” he said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” he concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
Bob Fisher
FOREST CITY — A Forest City man has pleaded not guilty to numerous theft and burglary charges.
18-year-old Jordan Meier was charged with one count of second-degree theft as well as 16 counts of third-degree burglary. He's accused of burglarizing multiple vehicles in Forest City between April 25th and May 5th, and then allegedly stole a pickup truck on May 5th and later crashing it.
Meier's arraignment hearing was scheduled for Friday, but online court records show Meier entered a written plea of not guilty on Tuesday in Winnebago County District Court. No trial date has been set.
Second-degree theft is a Class D felony punishable by up to five years in prison. Third-degree burglary of an unoccupied motor vehicle is an aggravated misdemeanor, with each charge carrying a two-year prison sentence if convicted.
Hyundai's newest recruit Andreas Mikkelsen has made an auspicious debut with the team, as he leads Rally Spain at the end of the opening day of action.
The Norwegian heads up a tantalising battle for victory honours in the 11th round of the 2017 World Rally Championship, with just three seconds separating the podium positions and less than 13 seconds between the top-seven.
Championship leader Sebastien Ogier is in second place with Citroen's Kris Meeke in third. A slow puncture saw Ford's Ott Tanak drop to fourth after a promising start.
"We could not have asked for a better start to our Hyundai Motorsport career," Mikkelsen said. "It has been a good day and I have been pleased with our approach. We started this morning carefully, to understand the car's behaviour and generally just finding our feet. A few changes to the settings allowed us to gain some time through the first Terra Alta run.
"The car felt very stable and there were no surprises. In the afternoon, we became more and more confident in the car. The final stage wasn't ideal; we thought we had a puncture so took it a bit easier. We made it to the end safely and it's nice to be fighting at the very top. It's really close but it has definitely been a positive start for Anders and myself."
Drivers' Championship contender Thierry Neuville holds seventh after the rally's six opening stages.
The Championship's only mixed surface event, Rally de España got underway in gravel conditions on Friday with a repeat loop of three stages. The full gravel tests of Caseres (12.50km) and Bot (6.50km) were followed by the combined gravel/tarmac challenge of the mighty 38.95km Terra Alta.
Mikkelsen claimed his first stage win as a Hyundai Motorsport driver in the first run through Terra Alta (SS3) on Friday morning to take the lead of the rally. It means that Hyundai Motorsport has now taken stage wins and a rally lead with four separate crews throughout the 2017 season - underscoring the versatile performance of the Hyundai i20 Coupe WRC.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Waverly Elementary recently recognized students, through its Comet Club Program, who demonstrated positive behavior and good citizenship during the month of April. Receipients included, from left, front row: Lily Tyler, Clementine Walker, Priya Shah and Charity Driggs. Back row: Mason Sobolak, Liam Kotchick, Brady Norton Brehm, Lukas Lam, Wyland Moucha and Dhruv Pambhar.
Kenielynne Adella Applegate, was born on November 29, 2017, at 5:50 pm. She weighed 6 lbs, 9 oz and was 19.75 inches long at birth.
Her proud parents, Jamie and George Applegate welcomed her into the world.
Congratulations!
Birth announcements are a free service provided by BRC Family Hearing Solutions.
Submit your recent birth announcements here.
BELGRADE, April 20 The Serbian government made budget savings of around 480 million euros ($515.95 million) in the first quarter of 2017 and wants to inject nearly 10 percent of that sum into the defence industry, Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic said on Thursday.
Vucic also said Serbia's exports of weapons and military equipment was expected to reach 550 million euros in 2017, up from an estimated 449 million euros last year.
"We agreed to give big money to the defence industry ... When you have a market that is secured for a decade or so, then you invest in production," Vucic told a news conference after meeting top executives from the sector.
He said the funds would be used to develop new factories and overhaul existing ones, based on increased demand in the global weapons market.
Serbia exports small arms, artillery systems, missiles, ammunition and various equipment through 173 licensed companies to dozens of countries, including the United States, Israel, Canada, Myanmar and Saudi Arabia.
In February, Assistant Defence Minister Nenad Miloradovic said the United Arab Emirates remains a key market for Serbia's defence industry, where it has "active contracts" worth some $220 million, the B92 news portal reported.
The budget savings have been generated by structural reforms and improved tax collection. Serbia's budget deficit is seen at around 1.2 percent of GDP this year, down from 2.1 percent at the end of 2016, and economic growth is put at around 3 percent.
Vucic said Serbia's own 28,000-strong armed forces also needed new weaponry and modernisation.
Belgrade has recently procured six MiG-29 jets, 30 tanks and armoured personnel carriers from Russia as well as nine helicopters from Airbus.
Serbia's military budget for 2017 accounts for 1.39 percent of GDP, or around $503 million. The country is militarily neutral and tries to balance between NATO and Russia, its traditional Slavic and Orthodox Christian ally.
($1 = 0.9303 euros) (Reporting by Aleksandar Vasovic; Editing by Gareth Jones)
May 2 Acceleron Pharma Inc:
* Acceleron announces management change
* Acceleron Pharma Inc - Steven Ertel, due to medical reasons, will transition from his role as executive vice president and chief operating officer
* Acceleron Pharma Inc - Ertel was recently diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Infrastructure, composition of council discussed at Ward 3 and 4 open houses
by Adam Gault
The Town of Essex held its second open house in as many weeks on Tuesday, November 28 at the Harrow and Colchester South Community Centre. Members of Council and administration hosted the event to hear questions and concerns from residents of Wards 3 and 4.
Dozens of residents filled the meeting room at the centre to near capacity for a chance to hear and speak to Ward 3 and 4 representatives Councillor Larry Snively, Councillor Ron Rogers, and Councillor Sherry Bondy and members of the administration on a variety of issues impacting Ward 3 and 4, and the town at large.
As with the earlier Ward 1 and 2 open houses, hosted the previous week, residents in attendance received a booklet which contained a synopsis of the 2018 budget, and a breakdown of several municipal initiatives and infrastructure projects from the past year. It also included a small breakdown of the Town's new five-year financial plan that extends into 2022.
In the southern wards, the Town as removed development fees for residential properties to attract more housing in that part of the municipality.
Also highlighted were recent infrastructural and industrial improvements, including the improved Erie Street North and the completion of the new Sellick plant and industrial park off Roseborough Avenue.
Councillors also spoke of the many improvements made to Colchester Harbour over the last year, calling it the “crown jewel” of the town.
The success of the Colchester 225 celebrations earlier this summer have Council members open to the suggestion of future summer events and festivals in the harbour and park area on an annual basis. Funding, however, could be an issue in terms of making something on the scale of this year's fireworks display a regular feature of any potential event.
One of the primary concerns residents made at the meeting was the issue of frequent blackouts and power flickers in and around the Harrow area.
CAO of Essex Donna Hunter said they have been told by E.L.K. Energy that the issue is a concern with supplier Hydro One. E.L.K. has been working with them in an attempt to solve the ongoing issue.
Councillor Sherry Bondy added should the problem persist, it may be an issue that needs to be raised to Essex MPP Taras Natyshak to have it addressed at the provincial level.
Those in attendance also raised the issue of the addition of an eighth council seat for the upcoming 2018 election, and keeping the current ward boundaries even after a third-party consultation process. Some argued that the process was just another costly misstep that had amounted to nothing, and the addition of an eighth council seat was too many for a municipality with the population of Essex.
Councillors justified the need for an additional councillor due to an increased workload in terms of the town's administration and to ensure the continued growth of the town.
There were compliments to be had as well, with one resident praising the work of Council in removing the property development fees, and the “healing” of the perceived north and south divide, which some feel has been lingering since the amalgamation of the Municipality of Essex in 1999.
The Councillors in attendance stressed they feel they are representatives for the town-at-large, in addition to their respective wards.
With this, they encourage anyone with any questions or concerns to reach out to them via email at councilmembers@essex.ca. By sending an email to this address, it will ensure that the message is received by every member on council.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans to build dozens more homes in a Derbyshire village have been tipped for approval despite over 40 objections from locals.
Back in November, Providence Land submitted an application to South Derbyshire District Council to build up to 50 homes on farmland in Etwall.
The plot, which covers 21 acres and is bordered by Jacksons Lane and Egginton Road, to the south east of the village, is close to another new housing development, consisting of almost 200 homes being built by Bloor Homes.
On Tuesday, the district council's planning committee will meet to discuss the proposals - and a report compiled by planning officers for that meeting has recommended the scheme be approved.
This is subject to a Section 106 Agreement, designed to ensure developers contribute towards local amenities and infrastructure.
The recommendation comes despite 41 objections being lodged by residents - and objections from the parish council.
Areas of concern include the loss of greenfield land, added strain on local amenities and schools, extra traffic, flooding risk and the lack of low-cost housing within the scheme.
However, planners argue that the land in question has already been earmarked for housing in the district council's local plan - and that the issues highlighted can be overcome.
Their report states: “The starting point for assessment here is that the principle of development, and thus the principle of some of the associated impacts, has been accepted by way of allocating the site in the Local Plan.
(Image: Google)
“The proposal accords with the specific criteria of the allocation policy and provides benefits in terms of adding to housing supply, facilitating an expansion of public space and routes and providing contributions which can improve the lifestyles of others beyond the site boundaries.
“While there would be some less desirable impacts in terms of loss of archaeological features, these matters are not considered weighing significantly in balance to counter the presumption to support the application.
“None of the other matters raised through the publicity and consultation process amount to material considerations outweighing the assessment of the main issues set out above.”
Providence Land had previously put forward plans to build 98 homes on the site but in March, 2016, decided to withdraw those proposals.
(Image: Node Urban Design)
According to the latest planning application, submitted by Node Urban Design, on behalf of Providence, the scheme would be accessed off Egginton Road.
It said: “The development will have a mix of accommodation types of differing size and arrangement, but primarily detached.
“The scheme will provide modern homes with a range of house types, predominantly family housing, which will help meet local housing requirements.
“The proposal would create a high quality new residential development in a sustainable and logical location where new residents would assist in supporting existing services within Etwall.
“The proposed residential use on the site is compatible with existing uses within the local area.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
FILE PHOTO: Rio de Janeiro's Mayor Eduardo Paes speaks during the opening ceremony of the 2014 World Cup Preliminary Draw in Rio de Janeiro July 29, 2011. REUTERS/Sergio Moraes/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Rio de Janeiro mayor Eduardo Paes speaks at the C40 Mayors Summit at a hotel in Mexico City, Mexico December 1, 2016. REUTERS/Henry Romero/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Rio de Janeiro's Mayor Eduardo Paes poses with an Olympic flag at his office after an interview with Reuters, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil August 4, 2015. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes/File Photo
BRASILIA Brazil's Supreme Court has opened an investigation into former Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes, who is accused of taking millions of dollars in bribes for contracts related to last year's Olympic Games, court documents showed on Wednesday.
The accusations came from plea bargain testimony by former executives at engineering group Odebrecht SA [ODBES.UL] that the court plans to release on Wednesday after Justice Edson Fachin opened cases against nearly 100 politicians on Tuesday.
One executive testified and provided corroborating documents to show Paes solicited payments of more than 15 million reais (3.84 million pounds) in 2012 in return for Olympic contracts, according to the court.
A media representative for Paes called the accusations "absurd" and said he had never accepted any kind of compensation for public works while in office.
In December, Paes called off plans to teach at Columbia University after a state court froze his assets in a case investigating whether he improperly waived an environmental fee for construction of an Olympic golf course, an allegation he denied.
Last month, police arrested two officials in the Rio state government accused of taking bribes in return for a contract to build a new subway for the 2016 Olympics.
(Reporting by Ricardo Brito; Additional reporting by Pedro Fonseca in Rio de Janeiro; Writing by Brad Haynes; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Lisa Von Ahn)
LONDON The British government has reduced its holding in Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY.L) to less than 1 percent, putting the lender on track to be in full private ownership within weeks.
UK Financial Investments Limited (UKFI), which manages the government's stake, resumed share sales in October, having halted them for almost a year due to market turbulence.
It said on Friday that its stake stands at 0.89 percent.
The government spent more than 136.6 billion pounds rescuing some of Britain's biggest high street lenders at the height of the financial crisis, including Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L)and Lloyds, but has so far only managed to recoup half of that money.
(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Outgoing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is meeting with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, the man President Donald Trump has chosen to replace him.
A State Department official says that Tillerson and Pompeo were sitting down at the department's headquarters in Foggy Bottom. The official wasn't authorized to comment by name and demanded anonymity.
It's the first known meeting between the two men since Trump fired Tillerson on Twitter and announced he was nominating Pompeo to replace him.
Pompeo also plans to meet Monday with Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker of Tennessee. Corker's committee will eventually vote on whether to confirm Pompeo before his nomination goes to the full Senate.
Advertisement
Tillerson has already handed over all authorities to his deputy but remains secretary in name only until March 31.
Axiom Actuarial Consulting, LLC's logo
Contact
Axiom Actuarial Consulting, LLC
***@axiom-actuarial.com Axiom Actuarial Consulting, LLC
End
-- Axiom Actuarial Consulting LLC and Nyhart are pleased to announce that they have formed an agreement through the Small Business Administration's Mentor-Protégé program. This partnership, along with MBE certifications in NY and RI, a DBE certification awarded by the US Department of Transportation, and the 8(a) certification granted by the Small Business Administration, position Axiom to become an important player in the public and the private sectors, where Axiom-Nyhart will pursue joint contractual opportunities. The enlarged team of highly skilled and accomplished professionals will tackle projects in areas such as healthcare, pension, employee benefits, modeling, and more. Axiom-Nyhart's growth strategies center around working directly with federal and state agencies, and developing long-term relationships with private companies, including consultancies, that are keen on expanding their business footprint.With over 1,000 clients in 50 states, broad industry experience in the public, private and international sectors, Axiom-Nyhart is well positioned for success. Axiom's President and Founder, Carlos Fuentes, said "Axiom-Nyhart's uncompromised expertise, proven track record of success and scalable resources make us a credible consultant to public agencies and a trusted partner to private companies." Nyhart's Chief Operating Officer, Tayt Odom, stated: "Our association with Axiom fits well with Nyhart's values, our commitment to excellence and our vision of the future. We are excited about where this partnership can take us."About AxiomFounded in 2008, Axiom Actuarial Consulting, LLC is a firm with broad capabilities and a well-established track record of success. Carlos Fuentes, President of Axiom, holds an MBA from the Yale School of Management and a Master's degree in Mathematics from UCLA. He is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries, a Fellow of the Conference of Consulting Actuaries, and a Member of the American Academy of Actuaries.Website: www.axiom-actuarial.com Contact: Carlos Fuentes,carlos-fuentes@axiom-actuarial.com, (860) 550-0740 ( tel:(860)%20550- 0740 About NyhartNyhart is one of the nation's largest independent actuarial and retirement benefit consulting firms. Based in Indianapolis, IN, Nyhart has offices in Chicago, Houston, Kansas City, St. Louis, Atlanta, San Diego, Denver and New York City. Tayt Odom, Chief Operating Officer of Nyhart, holds an MBA from UCLA's Anderson School of Management. He is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries, and a Member of the American Academy of Actuaries.Website: www.nyhart.comContact: Tayt Odom,tayt.odom@nyhart.com, (317) 845-3571 (tel:(317)%20845-3571)
* Manchester United move fifth with 3-0 win at Sunderland
* Ibrahimovic's 17th league goal of the season put United ahead
* Seb Larsson was sent off for a fierce tackle on Ander Herrera
* Mkhitaryan doubled the lead immediately after halftime
* Rashford struck a late third
* Sunderland host West Ham next, United at home to Chelsea
SUNDERLAND 0 MANCHESTER UNITED 3
April 9 Manchester United put a spate of recent draws behind them with a routine 3-0 win at bottom club Sunderland to move fifth in the Premier League on Sunday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's 28th goal of the season in all competitions put United ahead and Sunderland's cause became all but impossible after Seb Larsson was sent off close to halftime.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan doubled United's lead 46 seconds after the interval and the game petered out with Sunderland offering little in response as they failed to score for the seventh Premier League game in succession.
Marcus Rashford struck a third in the 89th minute - his first in the league since September - after being set expertly up by the classy Ibrahimovic.
United have 57 points from 30 games, four behind fourth-placed Manchester City having played a game less.
Sunderland remain 10 points adrift of safety. (Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
From raising the minimum wage and guaranteeing sick leave for low-income workers, to raising sales tax on sugary soft-drinks, the Cook County Board made significant moves in 2016. The county also moved forward with two vacant county-owned properties, taking steps to historically renovate the old Cook County Hospital and to demolish three division buildings on the Cook County Jail campus. The year 2017 may see drastic changes in the cash-bail system in Cook County that could reduce prison populations statewide.
Minimum wage increase starts July 1.
A two-year step increase in the hourly minimum wage in Suburban Cook will start this summer with an increase to $10 an hour. This increase parallels Chicago's 2014 ordinance that will raise the minimum wage within Chicago city limits to $13 per hour by 2019. Suburban Cook wages will gradually rise to $11 in mid-2018 and $12/hour in July, 2019 and $13 per hour in 2021.
In Chicago, small business owners and companies that employ low-wage workers complained about the economic strain the increase could put on their businesses. But proponents for the increase say raising the wages of the bottom workers is a direct boost to the economy and allows employees to afford higher rents and costs.
In Seattle, one year out was too soon to determine, said economists after minimum wage was increased in 2015 from $9 to $10 or $13 per hour, depending on the number of company employees. However, the city did not report large numbers of low-skilled workers losing their jobs, nor small businesses closing at an increased rate.
The County also approved protecting minimum sick-time for low-wage employees, in a move that similarly echoed the Chicago City Council. Employees in suburban Cook earn one hour of sick time for every 40 hours worked. The new law also goes into effect July 1.
Tax hikes on retail sales and sugary drinks
In June, the Cook County Board approved a penny-on-the-dollar sales tax on retail purchases in 2016. In 2010, the board revoked a half-penny county sales tax installed by Preckwinkle's predecessor John Stroger Sr. Retail purchases within Cook County went up to 10 cents on the dollar. The tax hike was designated for county pensions, the board said.
Then, in November, the board approved a soda-pop 1 cent per ounce tax in a rare tie vote, that Preckwinkle herself had to vote to break. The tax is expected to bring in $224 million per year. The extra tax will up the price of a six-pack of soda by 72 cents and tag 68 cents onto a 2 liter bottle.
Hospital to hospitality
After looming vacant along the I-290 Expressway for more than a decade, the old Cook County Hospital at 1835 W. Harrison St. will undergo a $600 million privately financed restoration in 2017. MB Real Estate was chosen in April by the county board to create a hotel, private residences and retail shops in the 102-year-old Beaux Arts-era building. In addition, the company will pay $2 million per year rent in a 99-year lease.
“This project creates and fosters true urban transformation in the heart of our county,” said Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle in a statement. “New residential, retail, office and hotel construction will create a vibrant mixed-use community enhancing the adjacent Illinois Medical District and Chicago's near West Side.”
The building's restoration was championed by Landmark Illinois, which lobbied the county board for years to save the building's terra cotta fluted façade.
A makeover of the façade will be the first part of the project. Currently, the terra cotta surface is tagged with graffiti and shored up with construction braces to keep pieces from falling off the 1914 building,
“We are ecstatic that the county's leadership has found a viable means to save the historic building and at the same time inspire a transformational redevelopment for the city's near West Side,” said Bonnie McDonald, president in a statement.
According to the county, the plan calls for a 125-room extended stay hotel that will likely serve visiting professors and doctors. The formerly majestic two-story entrance lobby will be restored and likely be flanked with shops. The final plan also calls for about 150 residential units, some reserved for “affordable housing,” according to the county's statements about the project.
The restoration is part of a 10-year plan to redevelop the 16-acre “Illinois Medical District” area which includes the University of Illinois-Chicago Medical Center, the new Rush University Medical Center and the John R. Stroger Hospital, which replaced Cook County as the site for healthcare for the county's poor.
“[The old hospital] has been an albatross for us and for the Illinois Medical District,” Preckwinkle said in an interview. “We have a derelict building right there in the center of things.”
The county also issued $118 million in bonds in 2016 for a $108 million addition to the Stroger Hospital that would house new administrative offices and a clinic.
Downsizing Cook County Jail
Three shuttered buildings at Cook County Jail will be demolished in Cook County in 2017 and 2018, saving $118 million over 10 years of upkeep costs, said Sheriff Tom Dart in November. The county will raze divisions 1, 3 and 17 at 2700 S. California Ave.
“These three buildings were built as far back as the 1920s and are in need of constant and costly repairs,” Dart said. “We will continue to work toward ensuring efficient housing on the jail campus — a significant step for those of us who believe in running the criminal justice system fairly, humanely and cost-effectively.” significant step for those of us who believe in running the criminal justice system fairly, humanely and cost-effectively.”
The jail population has declined by 20 percent since 2010, which County Board President Toni Preckwinkle took office.
“Bringing down the jail population is allowing us to bring down buildings and bring down costs. As we see declines in the number of detainees, it is logical and fiscally responsible to reduce the number of divisions at the jail,” Preckwinkle said. The county said razing the first two buildings, totaling 135,000 square feet of space would save $3 million in one year alone.
The significance of bulldozers dismantling the site was not lost on Cook County Commissioner Stanley Moore, chairman of the County Board's Law Enforcement Committee.
“This is a visual representation of the achievement of the population reduction at Cook County (Jail),” Moore said at a November press conference.
Jail diversion and a fresh look at the cash bail system
Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart, Cook County Circuit Court Chief Judge Timothy Evans and County Board President Toni Preckwinkle have all vowed to consider abolishing or significantly changing the cash bail system in Cook County courts. These changes may take place in 2017, and may be sped up by court order if a class action lawsuit moves forward.
“Pre-trial detention causes devastating and long-lasting harm,” the suit alleges.
Dart has long complained that Cook County Jail is used as a holding area for indigent defendants with mental health problems charged with non-violent crimes.
“What type of society are we that we dump them in here?” Dart asked at a November press conference. “They don't need to be here. Through a lot of the work we have been doing for the last few years we have been able to get a lot of those people out of here and that is what this division used to hold. This would hold minimum (security) people, people who had issues, people who had low-level offenses.”
The Cook County Sheriff's office revamped website home page lists the number of persons considered under custody of the jail: 9,607 at the beginning of the year. Of those, 2,170 are outside the jail walls in community correction programs, the website says, with a total behind-the-walls inmate population of 7,437. The sheriff's website also lists the number of indigent non-violent detainees who cannot afford to pay bond of $1,000 or less on their bail amounts: 159. Some inmates can languish in jail a year or more, waiting for their trials.
The cash-bail process is unfair to the poor and keeps non-violent persons in custody while releasing those who may have committed a violent crime, but can afford to bail out, according to a class-action lawsuit filed in October on behalf of non-violent inmates held for inability to pay. Being able to afford a bond deposit is not necessarily connected to the likelihood of a detainee attending a court date. Preckwinkle has said that only 4 percent of nonviolent offenders fail to show up for a court date, and those instances are often caused by lack of transportation, or other personal problems. Preckwinkle said the county was looking into an electronic-based court reminder system for cell phones in 2017.
Anti-bail activists from the Chicago Community Bond Fund have paid bonds for 50 inmates based on a revolving bond fund of around $100,000 in donations raised online.
“Bond is essentially unfair and unjust. High bonds are justified by the idea that they keep us safe, but setting monetary bond undermines the very idea that safety should govern release or detention decisions,” said a statement on the CCBF website. “Someone who is not dangerous should be released regardless of their access to money; likewise, someone who is truly dangerous should not be released simply because they can pay bond … The simple inability to pay bond often has severe negative consequences on the very things that help someone charged with a crime succeed: employment, stable housing, and strong family and community connections.”
The Illinois Supreme Court is also working on an analysis of the fairness and effectiveness of the cash bail system. In October, the members of the court participated in the national “3DaysMatter” movement that aims to divert defendants from the jail system before they end up in pre-trial detention.
Eliminating cash bail in Cook County may have an effect on reducing the entire Illinois prison population if non-violent detainees can serve their sentences in non-incarceration settings before trial, supporters believe.
Read the current issue of the Cook County Chronicle
Free subscription to the digital edition of the Cook County Chronicle
— Cook Co. taxes, minimum wage to rise, while jail buildings come down —
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is taking a second emergency move to keep the government from going above the debt limit that is now back in effect.
In a letter to congressional leaders, Mnuchin says he will not be able to fully invest in a large civil service retirement and disability fund. He says skipped investments will be restored once the debt limit has been raised.
In September, Congress agreed to suspend the debt limit, allowing the government to borrow as much as it needed. But that suspension ended Friday.
The government says the debt subject to limit stood at $20.46 trillion on Friday. Mnuchin has said he will employ various "extraordinary measures" to buy time until Congress raises the limit.
NEW YORK, April 10 Former head of retail banking at Wells Fargo & Co Carrie Tolstedt rejected on Monday the bank's internal investigation into sales practice abuses which laid much of the blame for the problems on her.
“We strongly disagree with the report and its attempt to lay blame with Ms. Tolstedt. A full and fair examination of the facts will produce a different conclusion,” Enu Mainigi, Williams & Connolly LLP, attorneys for Tolstedt, said in a statement. (Editing by Carmel Crimmins; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Christmas has come early for gamers who grew up in the 80s and 90s after Capcom announced it is to release a brand new Mega Man next year.
The new mainline game, Mega Man 11, comes as Capcom celebrates the iconic platform shooter's 30th anniversary.
A first look at Mega Man 11
The legendary series has enjoyed a resurgence in recent years with the release of the hugely popular Mega Man Legacy compilations.
And that has clearly given developers the incentive to go one better next year with an all-new title for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Capcom say Mega Man 11 will be the next evolution in the long-running 32 million unit-selling action platformer series.
The new game will feature the tight side-scrolling action gameplay the series is known for while completely revolutionising the experience for modern consoles.
xpected to be released in late 2018, Mega Man 11 will be a leap forward visually with a 2.5D design direction introducing ‘beautiful, completely hand-drawn characters and environments' - I'm thinking Cuphead (XOne). Damien Lucas, gaming columnist
Developers have promised it will retain its signature challenge while offering a variety of difficulty options.
Expected to be released in late 2018, Mega Man 11 will be a leap forward visually with a 2.5D design direction introducing ‘beautiful, completely hand-drawn characters and environments' - I'm thinking Cuphead (XOne).
The premise sees afreshly redesigned Mega Man takes on Dr. Wily's berserk machines, defeating Robot Master bosses and taking their weapons, in an ever-evolving fight for justice with new and unique enemy designs.
Capcom teased only a small taste of information of what's to come in Mega Man 11 alongside the start of the series' 30th anniversary year, and fans can look forward to more details on the game in Summer 2018.
A first look at Mega Man 11
A trailer has also been released which shows the first gameplay footage of Mega Man 11 plus screenshots, concept art and a first look at a mysterious new Robot Master.
There's a reason Mega Man has endured for 30 years and I for one cannot wait for this.
A first look at Mega Man 11
A first look at Mega Man 11
After a year's worth of planning, the annual [2017 KungShen Wangye's Salt of Peace Festival], a joint collaboration between the Tourism Bureau of the Ministry of Transportation and Communication Southwest Coast National Scenic Area Office of Management (hereinafter referred to as SWCoast Management Office) and the Nankunshen Temple will take place on November 11th through November 12th in Nankunshen Temple. Entering KungShen Wangye's Salt of Peace Festival's 14th year, this is the first collaboration between the SWCoast Management Office and Nakunshen Temple in two years. Undoubtedly, this event will be infused with new and different elements, making it more remarkable and exuberant though governmental support. As autumn and winter of 2017 draws near, don't forget to plan a trip to the southwest coast, we sincerely welcome you to come and experience the white elegant visual feast.
Director Zhen-Neng Xu of the SWCoast Management Office indicated, KungShen Wangye's Salt of Peace Festival has become a custom that that has been established over the years. Specifically, it has become one of the most iconic and distinctive events. Chifuqiansui, the second Wangye of the Plague Gods, is the main character and the base of primary visual design in this year's Salt of Peace Festival. Every image design, including the very sought-after Salt of Peace Drawstring Pouch (in previous years), is based on “chifuqiansui.” Those who love chifuqiansui surely can't miss it! Aside from continuing classic events such as the popular Blessing Ceremony, Bobei Competition (throwing divining blocks), stage activities, and Southwest Coast Food and Gifts, there are more events this year. The innovative [Safe Milk Salt Soap] and [Colored Salt Happiness] are events specially designed for attendees to a do-it-yourself experience. With the master's blessing of salted personal DIY products, attendees will be safe having these products by their side. Director Zhen-Neng Xu welcomes everyone, no matter age or ethnicity, from young too old to experience the [2017 KungShen Wangye's Salt of Peace Festival]. Welcoming the Salt Festival Together, Be Safe Together!
As one of the organizers, Nankunshen Temple's Executive Secretary Xian-Xun Hou noted that in order to increase the content variety of the events and to allow the public to enjoy the unique folk-art performances from the coastal area, they've invited Jin-Hu Elementary School to gather junior high school and elementary school students from Yun-Lin County, Chia-Yi County, and Tainan City, to bring the audience an exciting show. Students' hard work will shine through in the [Salt of Peace Festival], with a performance that will give the audience a visual and auditory sensation unlike any other. Executive Secretary Xian-Xun Hou further addressed that besides the [Salt of Peace Drawstring Pouch] distributed by the SWCoast Management Office, Nankunshen Temple will also be distributing a limited edition [Salt of Peace Drawstring Pouch] for participants in the Bobei Competition. Everyone receives two different kinds of [Salt of Peace Drawstring Pouches] will surely be blessed with peace and happiness! For more information about the event, please follow the [Great Fun in the Southwest Coast!!] and the [2017 KungShen Wangye's Salt of Peace Festival] fan pages.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a bag of Christmas presents went missing after falling from a car boot in Wellingborough Road, Rushden.
The incident took place at about 11am on Saturday, December 9, when the victims were driving their Chevrolet Orlando from Oakley Road onto Wellingborough Road, Rushden.
A police spokesman said: “During this time, their boot door had come open, causing a large ‘Card Factory' bag of presents to fall out onto the road.
“They drove back along the road and were told by an unknown witness that the occupant of another vehicle, possibly red or burgundy in colour, picked the presents up and drove off with them.
“Presents included game vouchers, silver bracelets and Ghost perfume.”
Anyone with information or the witness who saw the car drive away with the presents is asked to call Northamptonshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers, in confidence, on 0800 555111.
FILE PHOTO: President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) Sir Suma Chakrabarti delivers a speech during a ceremony to unveil the 'New Safe Confinement' (NSC) arch, that will block radiation from the damaged reactor, at the Chernobyl nuclear power... REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
LONDON The head of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development said on Tuesday he expected the bank's shareholders to reject a renewed bid by Moscow to end a ban on fresh EBRD investments in Russia.
The EBRD agreed the freeze on new investments in 2014 over Russia's involvement in the Ukraine crisis. Moscow wants a discussion of the freeze, which it says breaches the bank's internal rules, at an annual EBRD meeting in Cyprus next week.
EBRD directors rejected a similar push by Russia last year but raising the issue at the annual meeting means it will be discussed by national finance ministers and central bank heads who act as the bank's 'governors'.
"This situation was discussed last year by our board and there was no change then to the guidance (not to invest in Russia)," EBRD head Suma Chakrabarti told reporters.
"Let's see how it goes in Nicosia. I'm not expecting it to be very different."
The investment ban followed Western sanctions imposed on Russia following its annexation of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula.
Russia used to be the EBRD's biggest market, but the near three-year halt in investments there has seen it shrink to around 10 percent - or 3.7 billion euros - of the bank's overall portfolio.
Turkey has replaced Russia as the biggest beneficiary of EBRD investment. The bank has spent more than 7 billion euros ($7.63 billion) in Turkey, including almost 2 billion euros in 2016 alone.
But political jitters are also rising in Turkey following a failed military coup last July and President Tayyip Erdoğan's crackdown on suspected supporters of the coup that has led to large-scale sackings and arrests.
"What is happening in a political context has affected foreign investor sentiment and some domestic investor sentiment, so the pipeline (for EBRD investments) is not as strong as it was last year, that is for sure," Chakrabarti said.
"It is an interesting picture of change in Turkey," he added pointing to ongoing energy and financial market reforms. "But I think it is a wait-and-see (approach) among many foreign investors to see how this political situation plays out."
(Reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Steve Kinniburgh says he is dealing with his caretaker-manager role at Corby Town on a “week-by-week” basis.
The director of football was put in charge of the first team following the sacking of David Bell late last week.
And the change has paid dividends so far with Kinniburgh leading the Steelmen to back-to-back victories after a 2-1 home success over Stocksbridge Park Steels was followed by a win at Kidsgrove Athletic by the same scoreline on Wednesday night.
Corby are now turning their attention to an FA Trophy preliminary round clash at Evo-Stik League South rivals Romulus tomorrow (Sunday, 2pm).
And for Kinniburgh, it's just a case of ‘carry on'.
“It's pretty much a case of ‘just keep going',” the caretaker-boss said.
“While we are doing well, stabilising things and going in the right direction, I think everyone is fairly happy.
“I think it's clear that there has been a change in mentality of the players.
“Putting my football head on, when it's going so well then why change anything?
“But it's just a case of taking it week by week at the moment so we will move on and look towards the next game.”
Knockout competitions have not exactly been kind to the Steelmen in recent seasons and that has been the case again so far this campaign after they fell at the first hurdle in the FA Cup, Integro League Cup and NFA Hillier Senior Cup.
And Kinniburgh is keen to see that change this weekend.
“We need to change the mentality at the club when it comes to cup football,” he added.
“A lot of it comes down to game management. In these situations, you know you may have the chance to bring them back for a replay on your own ground.
“But it's a 90-minute game tomorrow and we have to make sure we manage the situations.
“Romulus are in the same league as us and they have struggled to get their season going.
“We had a good win over them on the first day of the season (5-1 at Steel Park) but we are going there to play on a 4G surface and it will be tough.”
DEAD SEA, Jordan Lebanese President Michel Aoun tripped and fell face down as Arab heads of state gathered at the start of their summit at the Dead Sea in Jordan on Wednesday, television footage showed.
Aoun, 82, appeared to trip on a low, red-carpeted podium where flags of Arab states had been arranged. Two men in suits rushed to help him to his feet as Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi stood nearby.
Aoun became head of state last year in a political deal that saw Saad al-Hariri appointed prime minister, ending a 2-1/2 year vacuum in the presidency. Despite his fall, he later addressed the summit.
En route to the same meeting, Dubai's ruler, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, also slipped as he disembarked from a plane on arrival in Amman, stumbling as he reached the bottom of the stairs down to the runway, where a group of people was waiting to meet him.
(Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
This new franchise location will serve Bristol, Burlington, East Granby, Plainville, Unionville, Waterbury, West Simsbury, West Suffield, Wolcott and the surrounding areas.
Bill Gardner
Contact
Bill Gardner
bgardner@homehelpershomecare.com
(860)458-6121 Bill Gardner(860)458-6121
End
-- Avon resident Bill Gardner is pleased to announce the launch of his new home care company, Home Helpers of Central Connecticut.Home Helpers is the nation's leading franchise specializing in comprehensive home care for seniors, new mothers and individuals needing recuperative and continuing assistance. Home Helpers of Central Connecticut also offers Direct Link, its proprietary line of 24/7 medical alert systems, including fall sensor, GPS location and an automated medication dispenser. Communities served include Bristol, Burlington, East Granby, Plainville, Unionville, Waterbury, West Simsbury, West Suffield, Wolcott and the surrounding areas."My wife Tracy and I decided to bring a better care option, with Home Helpers, to the Bristol area after experiencing first-hand how life-altering it can be to care for a loved one. All too recently, Tracy and I lost both her parents. Before then, I watched as my grandmother devoted 7 years of her life to caring for my grandfather as he fought his battle with Alzheimer's. A thief of a disease. My grandfather, Larry, led a very successful life, holding over 70 patents in countries across the world."Home Helpers of Central Connecticut offers free in-home consultations and works with each client to create a flexible, affordable care plan based on a person's individual needs. Services offered include personal care such as ambulation, grooming, bathing, medication management and care management as well as respite care, meal preparation, laundry, light housekeeping, companionship and transportation."I consider the work we do with clients is to build a relationship and partner to advocate and provide the best possible care. I want to deliver a service that's focused on real people, their families and their long-term needs," Gardner said."I believe our approach to clients and the delivery of services must be more than running a business – it's about pairing compassionate, quality-minded caregivers with people in my community who need care, and advocacy. Our business is built on caregivers who align with the heart of this company. They are focused on taking care of each individual person. We want them to understand what our clients need, what their families are looking for and what we can do to exceed everyone's expectations,"Gardner said.Before Home Helpers Home Care, Bill worked for a technology company, helping a diverse group of government agencies and public healthcare providers improve delivery of programs to better serve the community. Outcomes helped families and patients more effectively find and access services. A professional history focused on how to help families navigate their healthcare options more effectively."I wanted to do something that would truly help people. I wanted to disrupt the current state of the healthcare industry by making a meaningful difference for people who need continuous care outside of the hospital setting," Gardner said. "During the course of my life I, like most, have been exposed to the plight many individuals and families face when they try to get the care they need. In numerous cases, there's just a breakdown in how best to navigate, receive support and access care those individuals really need."For more information about how Home Helpers of Central Connecticut can serve you and your family, call (860)540-4590, email BGardner@HomeHelpersHomeCare.com or visit www.HomeHelpersHomeCare.com/ Bristol Founded in 1997, Cincinnati-based Home Helpers is one of the nation's leading home care franchises. With an ongoing commitment to helping people live healthier, more independent lives in the comfort of their own homes, Home Helpers works with seniors, new and expectant mothers, those recovering from illness or injury, and individuals facing lifelong challenges. Home Helpers is affiliated with Direct Link, a national provider of 24/7 emergency response systems and vital signs monitoring units. For more information, visit www.HomeHelpersHomeCare.com.
The issue of impartiality has been raised with regard to an ongoing review of steel product standards, with the chairman of the Association of Structural Engineers of the Philippines (ASEP) alleging that proposed changes were being “sidelined.”
Trade Secretary Ramon Lopez, however, denied the charge as he also downplayed concerns over the use of quenched tempered (QT) rebar in high-rise construction and critical infrastructure projects.
He said the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) would continue with the review, meet with stakeholders to clarify the issue and seek a “balanced view” that would underpin the final changes to Philippine National Standard (PNS) 49, which ASEP Chairman Emilio Morales wants to change.
Morales is partial to microalloyed rebar – a pricier option – on the grounds that this is better suited for an earthquake-prone country such as the Philippines. He is not entirely against the use of QT rebar but wants the Bureau of Product Standards' (BPS) Technical Committee on Steel to set limit to its use in construction.
The ASEP is a member of the committee but Morales has alleged that his organization's proposals have “always been sidelined due to the majority of the members … being vested interest groups consisting of steel mills.”
Lopez rejected the claim, telling The Manila Times: “There is no conflict of interest. They are saying that quenched tempered rebars are not safe but recent independent quality standards tests by the Bureau of Philippine Standards have [seen locally available products]passing standards.”
An official from SteelAsia Manufacturing Corp. insisted that steel manufacturers were not selling unsafe products and questioned whether the concern over QT rebar was universally shared by structural engineers.
“Many ASEP members, including some of the past presidents, are completely okay with quenched because they completely know the properties of these,” SteelAsia Vice-President Rafel Hidalgo told The Manila Times.
“Personally, I doubt that recent comments regarding quenched bars are shared by all ASEP officials and members.”
Amid the debate, the DTI's Lopez said that the department would be holding a stakeholders' dialogue to clear the matter. The review of PNS 49 will also be fast-tracked, he added.
“We are gathering all the technical experts as soon as possible on iron and steel and structural engineers and the Department of Science and Technology to discuss and settle this issue,” Lopez said.
“We will be talking to the [steel]industry and the academe so that we will have a balanced view.”
The review of PNS 49, which started in August last year, was supposed to have been completed by the end of 2017. To date, however, the Technical Committee is still discussing provisions on sampling procedures and the standard's alignment with the National Structural Code of the Philippines.
The ASEP's call for more stringent marking requirements, said Lopez, will be considered.
The Trade department said it would be issuing a statement regarding the matter but this had yet to be released as of press time.
Morales, who has long warned about the limitations of QT rebar, welcomed the DTI's latest pronouncements.
“It's coming to a head or satisfactory review because a lot of government agencies are now aware about it,” he said,
“They're calling the industry and us. I think a lot of government agencies will be sending a representative at the meeting. I think it is heading towards a final resolution or something,” he added.
An ASEP official said the organization was considering the issuance of a board resolution, which could be issued next week and then submitted to the Trade department.
A 94-year-old man has died before he could stand trial for 14 historic sex offence charges.
Don Grasty was a manager of Old Rectory Childrens' Home in Singleton, where it was alleged he sexually abused five boys 101 times.
The home has long since closed and police stressed that any management or occupants of the address since that time have no connection with the case.
Grasty was due to appear in court alongside co-defendant John Webber, who owned the care home at the time.
However the Crown Prosecution service confirmed that the case has been discontinued because of Grasty's death.
Grasty, of Beach Road, Selsey, had been charged with 14 offences.
They included: Ten of indecent assault, three of gross indecency, and one of serious sexual assault.
When he first appeared at Worthing Magistrates' Court the court list detailed the 14 charges, which allegedly involved at least 101 incidents.
Police said almost all the charges involved multiple incidents, against five boys.
Webber, 77, from Brighton, faces 12 charges in total: Seven of indecent assault, two of gross indecency and three of serious sexual assault.
Almost all of these charges involve multiple incidents, allegedly committed against five boys, police said.
Webber is still expected to face a jury and is due to appear at Lewes Crown Court for a pre-trial hearing on Wednesday.
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA, June 15 A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
Kim Kardashian West met Donald Trump at the White House to discuss prison reform.
The reality TV star (37), met the president on Wednesday and it was reported she was there to ask for Alice Marie Johnson, a 63-year-old grandmother who is serving a life sentence for a first-time non-violent drug offence, to be pardoned.
Following the meeting, Mr Trump tweeted a picture of the pair inside the Oval Office.
He captioned the image: “Great meeting with KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.”
It is unknown exactly what was discussed during the meeting but afterwards Kardashian West tweeted her thanks to the president and said she hoped Johnson would be freed.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018 I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon. It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
She wrote: “I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon. It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense.”
She added: “We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that she -and so many like her-will get a second chance at life.”
Vanity Fair magazine first reported that Kardashian West was due to speak to Mr Trump and his son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner.
Kardashian West is thought to have been involved in private discussions with Mr Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump for several months.
Johnson is currently serving a life sentence in prison without parole after being convicted of drug-related charges in 1997.
An online petition to grant clemency to Johnson, started by her daughter, currently has more than 250,000 signatures.
Kardashian West's husband, the rapper Kanye West, has drawn criticism for his support of the president, and was pictured wearing a cap bearing the slogan, ‘Make America Great Again', a phrase associated with Mr Trump.
Earlier this month, Mr Trump pardoned the heavyweight boxer Jack Johnson, who was convicted in 1913 of violating the Mann Act for transporting a woman across state lines for “immoral purposes”.
AP
FRANKFURT, April 20 Any new U.S. tariffs on steel imports will not leave a "trail of blood" in the financial results of German steelmaker Salzgitter, its chief executive told German business weekly WirtschaftsWoche in comments published on Thursday.
U.S. President Donald Trump is expected later to sign a directive asking for a speedy probe into whether imports of foreign-made steel are hurting U.S. national security.
Salzgitter CEO Heinz Joerg Fuhrmann said the U.S. market for large pipes was in any case not very fruitful. "We will not supply a single tonne to the USA that will be subject to this toll," he said.
Shares in Salzgitter pared losses to trade 1.9 percent down at 29.98 euros by 1012 GMT. Fellow German steelmaker Thyssenkrupp was down 1.6 percent against a slightly firmer German blue-chip DAX. (Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Harro ten Wolde)
I cheated on you cos you cheated on me
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People are TWICE as likely to cheat at the age of 39 - according to new research.
Researchers for IllicitEncounters.com have also revealed revealed people tend to be more unfaithful during winter - with November 18 serving as the most popular day for love-rats.
But the service, which boasts more than a million registered users, has now shed light on adultery even further.
The site, which claims to be the UK's leading married-dating website, says the "danger age" is 39.
According to data, people are almost twice as likely to cheat just before they turn 40.
Similarly, the ages of 29 and 49 came second and third respectively - perhaps suggesting people are more likely to cheat just as a big birthday looms.
The Independent reports this theory is supported by 2014 research from Adam L. Alter at New York University, and Hal E. Hershfield the University of California.
The respective studies investigated the behaviour of adults at "9-ending-ages", using data from a similar adultery-dating website.
Have your say in the comments
The researchers calculated that there were proportionately 18 per cent more "nine-enders" registered on the site.
A spokesperson for the website told the Sun: " Our research shows that some people cheat to get their partner's attention.
"If their partner's a workaholic or unavailable to them, being caught with someone else is a way of saying: ‘Hey, if you love me, pay attention to me!'
"'Payback cheating' is also common.
"If you've cheated in the past or done something else to hurt your partner, they might retaliate to get even."
March 31 Monster Digital Inc
* Reports financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2016
* Q4 loss per share $0.17
* Q4 revenue $1.1 million
* Exploring strategic opportunities to increase its offerings of high margin consumer electronics
* Looking into further possibilities to create alliances which could assist in sales, marketing and market penetration Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ABUJA, April 10 Nigeria's central bank is offering small and medium-size enterprises (SMEs) up to $20,000 per quarter, in an effort to prop up businesses whose access to foreign currencies has been overshadowed by larger companies, it said on Monday.
Nigeria is battling a currency crisis brought on by low oil prices, which has tipped its economy into recession, hammered its dollar reserves and created chronic dollar shortages, frustrating businesses and individuals.
The central bank now plans to sell shorter-dated dollar forwards to inject liquidity into the official market and try to support the naira, traders said on Monday.
Also on Monday, the bank auctioned $100 million, it said, with traders saying the sales will be settled within one week and 30 days, compared with the 60-day contracts it had written previously.
The central bank also sold $41 million for travel allowances and medical and tuition fees, it said in Monday's statement. (Reporting by Camillus Eboh; Additional reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by Larry King)
Murder investigation in Brixham after death of man
A murder investigation has started after the death of a man who was assaulted twice in Brixham.
Senior investigating officer, Detective Inspector Lee Nattrass, said: ''An initial assault happened on Thursday 28 June prior to midnight outside The Three Elms in Drew Street. We also believe that there was a further altercation outside the Crown and Anchor Pub on Brixham Quayside; this was the same night as the England versus Belgium World Cup football match.
''The victim, a 49-year-old local man, sustained serious injuries as a result of the incident. He subsequently died in Derriford Hospital and we have now launched a murder investigation.
''A full investigation is underway and we are asking that anyone who has any information that can assist with this enquiry, or if you were in Drew Street or Quayside area of Brixham that evening, makes themselves known to police.
''We believe there were a number of witnesses to these two altercations and it is vital that we speak to them.
''We have previously interviewed a man in his 20's in connection to this incident, he has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
''Specialist liaison officers are supporting the family of the victim.''
Anyone who witnessed the incident and anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101@dc.police.uk or call 101 quoting CR/057720/18.
You can also give information anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
It was toward the end of a five-hour botany field trip. We were bouncing down a dirt road off the Cuesta Grade.
Botany professor Matt Ritter was driving his Subaru SUV. I sat shotgun, and associate biology professor Jenn Yost, who teaches with Ritter at Cal Poly, was in the back seat. A caravan of students and teaching assistants trailed us.
On walkie-talkies, Ritter and Yost were pointing out plants along the road, when suddenly Yost said, "Oh, fairy lanterns!"
Ritter slowed.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Closeup of a "fairy lantern," or calochortus albus, a kind of lily distinguished by its globe-shaped, nodding flower. "So rare and magical," wrote John Steinbeck in "East of Eden," " that a child, finding one, felt singled out and special all day long." Robin Abcarian Los Angeles Times
There, on the road's uphill slope, were the most ethereal white flowers, tiny globes nodding on delicate green stalks. I was mesmerized.
Each semester, Yost said, she and Ritter require their students to read the first chapter of John Steinbeck's "East of Eden," a rhapsodic description of the terrain and plants of the Salinas Valley that shares many of the characteristics of the landscape we were exploring, including calochortus albus, this exquisite little lily, which goes by many common names.
"Then there were harebells," wrote Steinbeck about these beauties, "tiny lanterns, cream white and almost sinful looking, and these were so rare and magical that a child, finding one, felt singled out and special all day long."
Botanist and author
A couple of months ago, Ritter, a star of California's native plant scene, sent me a copy of his new book, "California Plants: A Guide to Our Iconic Flora."
It's a wonderful text, rich with colorful photos, about the plants you see all the time but probably don't know much about.
I was pleasantly surprised to see that everyone's favorite environmentalist, Gov. Jerry Brown, had written a foreword about the importance of preserving California's extraordinary plant diversity. "We have more than 5,000 native species," notes Brown, "more than one-third of which occur nowhere else in the world."
I was so entranced by the book, and so embarrassed about the breadth of my ignorance, that I asked Ritter to invite me along on one of his weekly field trips for the class he and Yost have co-taught for four years, "Field Botany: California Plant Diversity."
So Friday, at 8 a.m., I met up with Ritter and Yost at Ascendo, a San Luis Obispo coffee shop whose tables and counters Ritter helped build. We drove to a spot halfway up the Cuesta Grade, north of town. As traffic went whizzing by, we parked practically on Highway 101 in order to consolidate the number of cars we'd be driving up the mountain, creating a sense that we were doing something slightly dangerous and exciting. (If you include all the poison oak we encountered, we certainly were.)
Cal Poly botany professors Matt Ritter, left, and Jenn Yost discuss the characteristics of a plant with their students. Yost sports a mountain poppy flower in her hat brim; her orange earring is a poppy petal. Kyle Nessen Cal Poly San Luis Obispo
Now instead of 20 cars, we were a wagon train of 10. Two and a half miles up a dirt road on the east side of the Cuesta Ridge in the Santa Lucia Mountains, we spilled out to get a closer look at the plants.
Undergrads — many of whom were three weeks away from graduation — carried notebooks and Scotch tape to affix plant samples to their notebooks, and a small 20-page pamphlet listing all the flora of the Cuesta Grade — or, as Ritter described it, "your hymnal."
The class was searching for "new" species, that is, plants they had not yet observed. Everything was new to me: the orange blossoms of the sticky monkey flower, the dusty leaves of the yerba santa, the knots — or galls — on the trunks of certain pines that are essentially benign tumors. With magnifying glasses, we examined the jim bush, a common native lilac that has tiny beads dotting the edge of its leaves, which may be a defense mechanism against predators.
"There is no 'y' in biology," said Yost, upon which I accused her of not being able to spell. "I mean, we know the 'how' of things," she said later, "but we don't know the 'why.'"
Kathy Masaryk, a senior, said she loved the class, especially the teachers. "They are such powerhouses," she said. "Endless amounts of witty banter."
There's an extracurricular bonus, too, when you take botany. "You sound really smart when you talk in Latin," she said. "It's like being at Hogwarts. We say the plant names like we are casting spells." Salvia sonomensis! Hirschfeldia incana! Quercus agrifolia! (For you Muggles, that's creeping sage, perennial mustard and coast live oak.)
Graduate students carried knives and shears to collect plants, many pulled up by the roots, to identify later for a test.
"The final for this class is gnarly," Ritter said. "We take them to an undisclosed location and make them take field notes. They have to accurately describe a landscape like you would a crime scene." Except in Latin, of course.
Cal Poly students huddle over their just-plucked specimens during a botany field trip on the Cuesta Grade. Robin Abcarian Los Angeles Times
Botanists have certain picking privileges that are not accorded other mortals; here they have permits to pluck the plants they are studying. But they do not touch endangered plants such as the San Luis Obispo mariposa lily. (The fairy lantern, on the other hand, is one of California's most common mariposa lilies.)
Students who go on to lives as professional botanists will put their knowledge to use in various ways. Some might become rangers, or teachers. Some may work for environmental consulting firms and will be called upon as expert witnesses in conflicts over development.
"What are we about to lose? What are we trying to save?" Yost said. "You can't answer if you don't know exactly what you are looking at."
During our foray, the atmosphere was convivial; Ritter said at least four weddings have resulted from relationships developed over the years in this class, which includes camping trips to places such as Joshua Tree.
There were, of course, the inevitable bad botany jokes. People get punchy before lunch.
Ritter disappeared for a few minutes into the bushes while Yost held up a stalk with pink flowers, the chapparal pea.
When he returned, she deadpanned, "You just took a chaparral pee."
Art in science
You always worry a little bit, as Charles Darwin famously did, that scientists, in their quest for knowledge, will tune out the poetry of the physical world.
"My mind seems to have become a kind of machine for grinding general laws out of large collections of facts," Darwin wrote. "If I had to live my life again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once a week."
Here, on the Cuesta Ridge, these scientists and budding scientists spoke in impenetrable Latinate sentences. They chattered about "specific epithets," and said things like, "The spikelets are sessile on the influorescence axis."
But they haven't lost their sense of wonder about the natural world and, thanks to their teachers, probably never will.
Examining a pale flower in the forget-me-not family — the windowed phacelia, whose petals resemble nothing so much as tiny stained-glass windows — Yost said with emotion, "You can just imagine insects coming to worship inside this little chapel."
Earlier, I had plucked a single fairy lantern and stuck its stem in my water bottle. I felt a little thrill as I drove south along the coast, past Santa Barbara, Carpinteria and Malibu, sneaking glances at it the whole way home.
Apr 3, 2017; Augusta, GA, USA; Kevin Na leaves the practice range after the second weather warning and a tornado watch suspends play for the day during a practice round at The Masters at Augusta National GC. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 3, 2017; Augusta, GA, USA; A patron walks by a scoreboard that advises that play is suspended due to a second weather warning and a tornado watch during a practice round at The Masters at Augusta National GC. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 3, 2017; Augusta, GA, USA; Kevin Na works out on the practice range after the second weather warning and a tornado watch suspends play for the day during a practice round at The Masters at Augusta National GC. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Rafael Cabrera-Bello of Spain hits on the driving range as play is suspended due to weather during Monday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia U.S. Masters week got off to a stormy start as heavy rains swept across Augusta National Golf Club on Monday with tornado warnings forcing players and spectators off the course.
For the first time in 11 years, opening practice at the Masters was suspended and the merchandise shop can expect a run on umbrellas with more rain forecast for later in the week.
Mother Nature is expected to throw a little bit of everything at the year's first major.
Monday's rain will be followed by hot, humid conditions on Tuesday with more thunderstorms on Wednesday, while high winds and cool temperatures, which could dip close to freezing, are forecast for the opening two rounds of the tournament on Thursday and Friday.
"I wasn't planning on doing really anything today," said American Rickie Fowler, the world's eighth-ranked player. "Mondays for me at a normal tournament are typically rest days. So this has just kind of been rest, recover and get ready for the week."
The only major held at the same venue every year, experience counts at Augusta National where the learning curve, particularly through Amen Corner, on a gusty afternoon can be cruel to the extreme.
Whether in the opening round or final round, a Green Jacket can be won or lost through holes 11, 12 and 13 as Jordan Spieth learned last year when he carded a seven at the par three 12th.
"It's a really good stretch of golf, especially with the way the forecast is looking for Thursday and Friday, the winds look like they're going to be pretty gnarly," said U.S. PGA champion Jimmy Walker.
"That's a section of the course that gets really tough, especially if the wind swirls. I think if you get through there at even par, you're doing really well.
"Everybody thinks 13 is such a cake walk. It's really not.
"It's kind of one of those trick holes. You think you should birdie it every time and then you walk away with a five."
Briton Tommy Fleetwood was among those able to squeeze in a few holes before play was halted but it was enough to learn that Augusta National is not your average championship layout.
"We play a lot of courses where it's kind of simple to wander around and go, 'Well, you can't hit it there or over there is a good miss and that will be fine'," said the Masters rookie.
"Sometimes it only takes one practice round but this place is very, very different.
"The course can work in your favour as much as it can harm you."
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
The Hevey Building Supplies Northamptonshire League have given clubs an option of working this weekend's matches around England's World Cup quarter-final in Russia.
While the NCL have confirmed all games must take place on Saturday as normal, they have given clubs an opportunity start their matches at an earlier time to enable their players to take a break for the Three Lions' last-eight clash with Sweden, which kicks-off at 3pm.
Gareth Southgate's team booked their quarter-final place thanks to a penalty shoot-out success over Colombia in Moscow last night (Tuesday).
In an email circulated to clubs, the NCL said: “Following England qualifying for the World Cup quarter-finals, we have reviewed the arrangements for this weekend's games and can now offer the following directive.
“1. Games cannot be rescheduled for a different day, they must be played on Saturday.
“2. Games must be played, under the same format, rules and playing regulations as any other weekend, including the number of overs per innings for the respective divisions.
“3. If both captains and umpires (where appropriate) agree, the start times and breaks can take whatever form you require, in order for people to be able to watch the game.
“For example, if both captains agree to a 10am start, you can play as much of the game as you can fit in, before taking an elongated tea break at 2.45pm. Play can then recommence after the football has finished.
“4. If both captains and umpires (where appropriate) do not agree, the default timings remain in place.
“Please bear in mind that the football game last night (Tuesday) took three hours to complete, therefore, if you decide to only complete the first innings before the game kicks off, you may find that you struggle to get the entire game completed in daylight.
“We would therefore advise that you complete as much of the game as possible before the football starts.”
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have hit out at members of the public calling the emergency service after witnessing children throwing SNOWBALLS.
A West Midlands police officer took to Twitter to write: "There really is sNOw reason to use 999 to call us about people throwing snowballs - PLEASE help us to help you by thinking before using 999."
It came as ALL the schools in Birmingham were closed after the city was bombarded with a staggering six inches of snow over the weekend.
A yellow weather warning remains in place.
Kent Live asked police to explain the laws about snowballs, so you and your kids can play responsibly when it snows.
A police spokesman said: "The main thing to consider is the circumstance.
"Throwing snowballs in general is not a crime, but if snowballs are thrown which cause injury or permanent damage then that could be a criminal matter.
"It's no different to throwing stones, I would argue.
"Throw them in the sea, no real problem.
"Throw them at a moving car, and it's a different result."
So, the message is clear: play responsibly.
FILE PHOTO: Shipping containers sit at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, California, U.S. on February 6, 2015. REUTERS/Bob Riha, Jr./File Photo
NEW YORK The U.S. economy is plodding at a sub-par pace as the rest of the world appears to be gathering momentum, Citi Research's barometers on surprise economic outcomes around the world showed on Friday.
The world's biggest economy grew at a 0.7 percent annual pace in the first quarter, its slowest pace in three years, according to U.S. government data on Friday. This also fell short of an already modest 1.2 percent forecast among analysts polled by Reuters. (For an interactive on U.S. GDP, click tmsnrt.rs/1GsAlZi)
This knocked Citi's gauge on U.S. economic data surprises .CESIUSD into negative territory for the first time since November. The gauge, which measures economic data that comes in weaker or stronger than economists' forecasts and which traders monitor for the U.S. growth trajectory, fell to -4.8 from +4.1 on Thursday.
Back in mid-March this index reached 57.9, which was its strongest since January 2014, before declining on a string of disappointing U.S. data across nearly all sectors including jobs, consumer spending and business investments.
In contrast, consumer and business confidence have remained at multi-year highs on hopes of tax cuts, looser regulations and infrastructure spending from Washington led by U.S. President Donald Trump. (For a graphic on how U.S. stocks have fared under presidents since Eisenhower, click tmsnrt.rs/2ptKtwU)
While the United States struggles to run at a higher gear, European, Asian and emerging economies are showing evidence of faster activity, helped by stabilization in global oil and commodity prices. (For a graphic on currency and bonds, click tmsnrt.rs/2oTWDvY)
Citi's economic surprise index on Europe .CESIEUR rose to 70.4, the highest since Feb. 28 as euro zone inflation rose by more than expected to the European Central Bank's target and core inflation increased to its highest level in more than three years.
Citi's economic surprise index on Asia .CESIAPAC hit 52.3 on Thursday, its highest since March 7, before receding a bit on Friday. Its index on emerging markets .CESIEM has rebounded from a three-month low it hit earlier April.
(This version of the story corrects corrects analysts' median forecast to 1.2 percent, not 1.0 percent in second paragraph.)
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 6 Grupo Aeromexico Sab De Cv:
* Aeromexico reports March 2017 traffic results
* Grupo Aeromexico Sab De CV says in March international passenger numbers increased by 5.5 pct, while domestic passenger numbers increased by 6.2 pct
* Grupo Aeromexico Sab De CV - grupo aeromexico transported 1 million 680 thousand passengers in March; a 6.0 pct year-on-year increase
* Grupo Aeromexico Sab De CV - aeromexico's march load factor was 79.3 pct, an increase of 1.5 p.p. Compared to March 2016
* Grupo Aeromexico Sab De CV- for march, demand, measured in revenue passenger kilometers increased by 12.1 pct , year-on-year
* Grupo Aeromexico Sab De CV-for March, capacity, measured in available seat kilometers increased by 9.7 pct, year-on-year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Eric Teniola
IN the past, stories on National Development Plans dominated the headlines especially in the early seventies.
Professor Adebayo Adedeji (87) under General Yakubu Gowon was the founder and Chairman of the National Youth Service Scheme. He also the drafted the treaty of the ECOWAS which was established in May 1975 after over three years of arduous negotiations with sixteen governments and countries divided into Anglophone, Francophone and Lusophone spheres of influence. But years ago, he was more known as PROFESSOR OF NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT PLAN, for he was the Architect of the economic development and reconstruction of post-civil war Nigeria when he drafted the second and third Development plans with inputs from brilliant technocrats years ago.
The first Nigerian National Development Plan was launched in 1962 with six-year target that envisaged the spending of about$1,900,000,000 on development and productivity enhancing projects. The plan was prepared by the Minister of Economic Development, Alhaji Shehu Usman Aliyu Shagari (93) in concert with United Nations and Ford Foundation experts including the late Economist Wolfgang Stolper.
Actually the preamble for the first development plan in Nigeria was formulated in 1945 as a result of the British government initiative for the promotion of economic and social advancement of the colonies stemming from the 1940 Colonial Development and Welfare Act. The plan made provision for the capital expenditure of a total of 55million pounds of which the British government provided 23million pounds.
After the civil war thanks to Chief Obafemi Awolowo (1909-1987) as Minister of Finance and his successor, Alhaji Shehu Shagari, Nigeria economy rose rapidly. The “Super Permanent Secretaries” at that time impressed on General Yakubu Gowon to save for the raining day by launching the Second National Development Plan.
He then tapped on Prof. Adebayo Adedeji to serve as Minister for National Planning and Reconstruction. Prof. Adedeji had just graduated from Harvard University and who at the age of 36 had become a full-fledged Prof. at the University of Ife now Obafemi Awolowo University, OAU. In addition, General Gowon brought brilliant Economists from the Civil Service to help Prof. Adedeji in engineering the second National Development Plan. General Gowon created a Central Planning Office (CPO) between the nineteen and twenty- second floors in the now abandoned Independence building at the Tafawa Balewa Square, TBS, Lagos. The office was headed by Chief Gilbert Prince Obiajulu Chikelu, who was then, a director in the Ministry of Statistics. Other members of that planning office included Chief Olu Falae, Chief John Oyegun, Dr. S.O. Omobomi, Joseph Oyewole Okunfulire, Mr. Boye Ilori, Mr. Peter Aliu, Mr. Funso Adetiba, Chief Ayo, C. Olumese, G.C. Ndagoba, Mr. A. Ajijo, Chief Femi Akande, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife, Remi Olowude, Chief J.B. Ilori, Otunba Gbenga Tiamiyu and Chief John D. Edozien while the permanent Secretary then was Chief Ime Ebong. The deputy was Chief N. Okubadejo from Ijebu-Ode.
While Chief Chikelu was the Director Planning, he had three people who were working directly with him. They were Chief Samuel Oluyemi Falae, who later became the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Chief John Evboyomwan Kenneth Oyegun, who later renamed himself Chief John Odigie Oyegun when he became the Governor of Edo state and Chief Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the Okwadike who later became Governor of Anambra state. Chief Oyegun became Permanent Secretary at the age of 36 before Chief Falae and Chief Ezeife. Following protest, Chief Falae finally became Permanent Secretary while Chief Ezeife who, because of the Civil War was a Senior Lecturer at the Makerere University, Kampala in Uganda came back to be Permanent Secretary in 1982 in the Ministry of Labour and Productivity and later Permanent Secretary, Nigerian Enterprises and Promotion Board.
The nation owes these officers a debt of gratitude.
The Third National Development Plan which commenced on the 1st April, 1975 and was due to end on the 31st March, 1980 but was extended by nine months to give the various civilian state governments more time within which to prepare their programmes of activities for the Fourth Plan period.
Many projects commenced during the Second Plan were completed in the Third Plan period and reasonable progresses towards implementation of new ones were made. Example of such projects include the cement works at Calabar, Ukpilla, Nkalagu, Shagamu, Yandev and Ashaka; the pulp and paper projects at Jebba, Calabar and Iwopin—four commercial vehicle assembly plants, two passenger car assembly plants; two petroleum refineries at Warri and Kaduna; two Iron and Steel plants at Ajaokuta and Aladja; and three steel rolling mills at Katsina, Jos and Oshogbo. Impressive achievements were also recorded in the transport sector. Over 10,000 kilometres of roads were built or rehabilitated, and among these were expressways such as the Lagos-Ibadan, the Lagos-Badagry, the Enugu-Port Harcourt and the Benin-Shagamu Expressways. New Airports were built in most of the State Capitals, a New International Airport was built in Lagos, and new seaports were developed in Lagos, Warri, Calabar and Port Harcourt.
The fourth and last development was launched by President Shehu Shagari on January 12, 1981 at the National Assembly then in Lagos, presided over by the then Senate President, Dr. Joseph Wayas. He told the nation on that day that,” the Fourth Plan is being launched at a time when the country's production of crude oil, which is the main source of government revenue and foreign exchange earnings, has virtually stabilised. A basic strategy of the Fourth Plan would therefore be the promotion of optimal utilization of resources. Oil is a wasting asset. The resources generated from this sector must therefore be used to promote all round expansion in the productive capacity of the economy so as to ensure self-sustaining growth in the shortest possible time”.
When the Military came to power they jettisoned the idea of development plans and replaced it with rolling plans.
But these days we don't hear much of any development plan. We are bedeviled with internal security and insurgency to the extent that Nigeria has the highest number of displaced persons in Africa. I guess the only development plan we have now is the National Assembly that consume 30 to 35% of our capital votes.
Something is wrong with our system.
End
-- Ashton Cole Global today announced the appointment of Cathy Chua as Chief Country Officer for Singapore effective immediately. She takes over from Hsien Huang who retired from the firm at the end of January.Ashton Cole Global's Chairman commented on Cathy Chua's appointment saying "Cathy is an experienced and accomplished professional and we are delighted to have her here at Ashton Cole Global to lead the continued growth and development of our business in Singapore, which has significant importance and potential for the firm."Ashton Cole Global's Chairman also went on to say "We extend our sincere thanks to Hsien who has successfully managed the firm's development in Singapore over the last 12 months, a period of substantial expansion for Ashton Cole Global."Cathy Chua joins Ashton Cole Global from the China Construction Bank (CCB) where she was Head of Corporate and Investment Banking. She has extensive senior management experience across the banking sector with functions including her role as Bank of China Senior Credit Officer in Singapore.Ms. Chua holds a MBA in Accounting and Finance from the Shanghai Jiao Tong University.About Us - http://acglobalinc.com/ At AC Global Investments we have a duty in assuring that one source provides you with a complete service program. With our unrivaled investment products and asset management services, our objective is to exceed potential and go beyond the expected and the conventional. When it comes to working for you, our standard is of excellence and innovation, allowing us to continually evolve in the dynamic world of the financial markets.Our aim is to help you achieve your financial objectives by analysing your current financial status to ascertain your strengths and areas of potential improvement. Then we focus on helping clients maximize growth by developing specific, pursuable goals.Once we understand your financial aspirations and have established your key objectives, we will conceive your personalised, "jargon-free"Financial Plan. We will implement the requirements from your Financial Plan to best suit your time frame and range of investment, keeping you informed every step of the way.In summary, our objective is to banish those financial worries by ensuring your money is always working as hard for you, as you did for it. Our dedicated team of advisors is able to manage and exceed expectations by remaining loyal to your specific long term plans, by consistently reviewing the markets, new legislations and potential changes in your circumstances.
May 3 Hudbay Minerals Inc
* Hudbay announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 loss per share $0.01
* Hudbay Minerals Inc - On track to meet production and cost guidance for 2017
* Hudbay Minerals Inc - On track to meet production and cost guidance for 2017
* Hudbay Minerals Inc - Qtrly revenue $253.2 million versus $253.6 million
* Hudbay Minerals Inc - Hudbay expects to meet production and cost guidance at Constancia for year
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.10, revenue view $316.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Hudbay Minerals Inc - Qtrly total copper production 34,731 tonnes
* Hudbay Minerals Inc - Qtrly total gold production 20,723 oz
* Hudbay Minerals Inc - Qtrly total silver production 737,894 oz Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SOCHI, Russia Team by team analysis of Sunday's Russian Formula One Grand Prix (round four of 20, listed in championship order):
-
MERCEDES (Valtteri Bottas 1, Lewis Hamilton 4)
Bottas took the first win of his F1 career, in his 81st race. The Finn becomes the sport's 107th different winner since 1950 and the first since Max Verstappen in Spain last year. Bottas started third but passed both Ferraris off the start. Hamilton struggled with an overheating car and finished off the podium for the first time since Malaysia last October. Champions Mercedes retook the lead from Ferrari by a single point.
-
FERRARI (Sebastian Vettel 2, Kimi Raikkonen 3)
Vettel started on pole with Raikkonen alongside in Ferrari's first front-row lockout since 2008. The race was lost at the start, despite the German's best efforts in the closing laps. Raikkonen returned to the podium for the first time since Austria last July, and also set the fastest lap.
-
RED BULL (Max Verstappen 5, Daniel Ricciardo retired)
Verstappen improved from seventh at the start, passing Ricciardo and Massa, but the rest of the race was uneventful. He was at least lucky to make the grid, after a water leak was detected just before the start. Ricciardo retired with an overheating right rear brake that caught fire.
-
FORCE INDIA (Sergio Perez 6, Esteban Ocon 7)
Perez chalked up his 14th successive points finish as Force India closed the gap on Red Bull to 26 points and consolidated fourth place. Ocon had his best result so far as the team had their seventh double-scoring finish in a row.
-
WILLIAMS (Felipe Massa 9, Lance Stroll 11)
Massa was sixth for much of the race but had to make a second stop on lap 41 due to a slow puncture. Stroll spun early on, dropping the rookie to the back of the field, but he recovered for his first finish in Formula One.
-
TORO ROSSO (Carlos Sainz 10, Daniil Kvyat 12)
Sainz had a three-place grid penalty and started 14th, with Kvyat 12th, but still scored for the third time in four races to deny his teammate a point in the Russian's home race. Kvyat lost out at the start and was unhappy with an early pitstop called by the team.
-
HAAS (Kevin Magnussen 13, Romain Grosjean retired)
Magnussen collected a five-second penalty for exceeding track limits and finished where he started. Grosjean was in a collision with Palmer at turn two of the first lap, with both blaming the other and stewards taking no action.
-
RENAULT (Nico Hulkenberg 8, Jolyon Palmer retired)
Hulkenberg added four points to the two he scored in Bahrain for an improving team who are closing on Haas. Palmer has yet to score and endured a troubled weekend, with a chassis and engine change on Saturday followed by crashes in qualifying and race.
-
SAUBER (Marcus Ericsson 15, Pascal Wehrlein 16)
Still no points for the Swiss-based team, who announced a Honda engine deal for 2018 earlier in the day. Sauber struggled to get the tyres working properly.
-
MCLAREN (Stoffel Vandoorne 14, Fernando Alonso non starter)
Another dismal weekend. No points yet this season and for the second race in a row only one car on the grid. Alonso stopped on the formation lap, causing the start to be aborted, with a Honda power unit problem. Vandoorne started last after a 15-place penalty due to other problems with the engine.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Clare Fallon)
The wife of former Anglo Irish Bank chairman Sean Fitzpatrick is claiming some € 40 million investments he had been mostly funded from loan accounts in their joint names before he was declared bankrupt in 2010, the High Court heard.
Catriona Fitzpatrick, Whitshed Road, Greystones, Co Wicklow, says that under family law she has a beneficial interest in these investments regardless of the bankruptcy. The court heard some € 45million was realised from the sale of those assets.
The official assignee (OA) in bankruptcy, Chris Lehane, Irish Bank Resolution Corporation (IBRC), which acquired Anglo after its collapse, say she has no legal, equitable, or beneficial interest in assets held in the sole name of her husband. They say she is not entitled to rely on that alleged interest to make her claim under family law.
Mrs Fitzpatrick has brought proceedings against the OA and her husband (as the bankrupt) claiming she has an entitlement to various assets which the court heard include property, shares and bonds.
The OA, in the estate of Mr Fitzpatrick, has brought his own proceedings against Mrs Fitzpatrick and the couple's three children, David, Jonathan and Sara Fitzpatrick while IBRC has brought separate related proceedings against Mrs Fitzpatrick.
Mr Fitzpatrick was declared bankrupt with assets of some €47 million and debts of €147million and is now out of bankruptcy.
Opening the case yesterday, Gerard Durcan SC, for Mrs Fitzpatrick and the children, said Mrs Fitzpatrick's case relates to her claim under Section 36 of the 1995 Family Law Act covering a spouse's entitlement to property. Counsel said there were were established principles that this entitlement was from a “resulting trust” ( arising from transfer of an asset from one person to another without obtaining anything in return).
Mrs Fitzpatrick would also be arguing in relation to the IBRC proceedings that a 2009 loan facility letter was issued which provided a “non-recourse” clause meaning the bank could not have recourse to her or her children in event of default.
IBRC denies she is entitled to claim non recourse and wants the court to grant rescission of the clause on grounds of alleged mistake and/or misrepresentation along with damages.
The OA, in his proceedings, says he is not bound by the non-recourse clause and wants the court to set it aside under bankruptcy law as a disposition aimed at defeating claims of Mr Fitzpatrick's creditors.
The court heard direct evidence and cross-examination of Frank Walsh, a forensic accountant employed by Mrs Fitzpatrick seven years ago, in relation to a “source of funds” document he prepared covering 18 loans/investments between 2000 and 2009. The source document was drafted seven times with the participation of all parties, Mr Walsh said.
The investments, Mr Walsh said, were all in Mr Fitzpatrick's sole name.
However, the loan funding was in their joint names and payments of the loans were made mainly through a deposit account also in their joint names. The loans were in a consolidated Euro loan account of € 40 million and in November 2009 some € 8.5 million was transferred from the deposit account to reduce that debt, he said.
The investments, in Euros, Dollars and Sterling, were with names including Digicel, Project Walnut, Pilotview Investments, Berlin Property Investment, Strongbow Capital Investment Fund, BNP Parisbas, and Ulster Bank Private Equity.
Asked by Mr Durcan how much was realised from the sale of those assets, Mr Walsh said it was around € 45 million.
Cross-examined by Paul Gallagher SC, for the OA, Mr Walsh agreed he had not read all of the loan facility letters as they related to the individual investments as part of his work but said this was because all other facility letters had been superseded by one issued in February 2009.
He said he was not a banking expert and his role was to assist in the preparation of the “source of funds” document.
He said he never discussed with Mr Fitzpatrick a statement of affairs, which is required as part of bankruptcy proceedings, because the value put on the the investments in the source of funding document was agreed between the parties.
There may have been a lien in favour of Anglo on the €8.5 million which was paid from the Fitzpatrick's joint deposit account to the €40 million loan account but he was not sure.
Cross-examination of Mr Walsh by Paul Gardiner SC, for IBRC, has begun and continues on Wednesday.
HELSINKI, April 20 Finland's second-biggest retailer Kesko said on Thursday it will close another 42 convenience stores as part of its integration of the Suomen Lahikauppa retail chain, after failing to find a buyer.
The Finnish competition watchdog required Kesko to sell 60 of Lahikauppa's 600 stores as a condition of the retailer's 60 million euro ($64 million) takeover of loss-making Lahikauppa last year. But Kesko said on Thursday that it had only found a buyer for 10 stores and the watchdog had agreed it could close 42 stores and turn another eight outlets into Kesko stores instead.
"Some of the stores have operated in such small markets, making weak profits or losses, that even our rivals had no interest for them," Jorma Rauhala, Kesko's head of grocery sales, said in a statement.
Kesko acquired Lahikauppa to boost market share amid tough price competition and weak economic growth in the Nordic country. The competition watchdog order the store sales, saying a full merger could lead to higher prices.
Separately, Kesko has already closed 51 other Lahikauppa stores.
Finland's retail sector is highly concentrated. Market leader S Group had a market share of about 47 percent last year.
Kesko's market share rose to 36 percent on acquiring Lahikauppa, but a full merger would have increased its share to about 39 percent. ($1 = 0.9307 euros) (Reporting by Tuomas Forsell, editing by Jussi Rosendahl and Susan Fenton)
Rising demand for infant formulas enriched with whey protein hydrolysates is anticipated to fuel revenue growth of the infant formula segment over the forecast period. In 2015, the infant formula segment was valued at over US$ 1,900 Mn and was estimated to exceed US$ 2,000 Mn by the end of 2016. The infant formula segment is projected to register a CAGR of 6.6% in terms of revenue during the forecast period. This segment is projected to account for an incremental value of more than US$ 1,500 Mn between 2016 and 2024.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2963
Rising ratio of working mothers is likely to boost the infant formula segment of the global protein hydrolysate ingredients market
Global Protein hydrolysate plays an important role in infant formula products due to its high nutritional quality that is vital for the infant's overall growth. Many infants cannot digest cow's milk; however, infant formulas, which consist of whey protein not only help infants in digestion but also reduce the risk of allergies. This particular factor is creating a positive impact on the infant formula segment of the global protein hydrolysate ingredients market.
On a cost-per-feeding basis, powdered infant formulas are less expensive than liquid formulas. Whey protein concentrate contains more than 76% protein and all the essential amino acids required by the growing infant. This is one of the important factors driving the growth of the global protein hydrolysate ingredients market. Rising ratio of working mothers is another key factor which is fuelling the demand for infant formula globally. Protein hydrolysate based infant formulas are easily available through e-Commerce markets and working mothers find it convenient to choose and purchase infant formulas online from a wide variety of nutrition products in a relatively short span of time as compared to visiting a brick-and-mortar store. Increasing population is creating robust development in the infant formula segment. In a country like China that has decided to end its decade-long one-child policy, the population is likely to increase and this is expected to boost the demand for infant formulas.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/global-protein-hydrolysate-ingredient-market
Growth of the infant formula segment is likely to fuel the revenue growth of the North America protein hydrolysate ingredients market throughout the projected period
Use of milk protein hydrolysate ingredients in infant formula is projected to be a factor that is fuelling the revenue growth of this segment throughout the forecast period in North America. In terms of value, the infant formula segment is expected to record 5.1% CAGR during the projected period, while by volume it is anticipated to register 3.4% CAGR. In Europe, the increasing usage of milk protein hydrolysate ingredients in infant formula is estimated to fuel revenue growth of this segment between 2016 and 2024. By value, the infant formulas segment in Europe is likely to reach at CAGR of 7.7%. In APAC, revenue contribution from the infant formula segment is expected to increase to a certain extent over the forecast period, owing to the high demand for protein hydrolysate ingredients in Asian countries.
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
Aerial view of a neighborhood destroyed after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
New coffins for reburials, are seen in a cemetery after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Rescue members look for bodies in a house after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Aerial view of the mountain where the landslide originated after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man is seen outside his house destroyed after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
People remove debris from a destroyed street after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Aerial view of a neighborhood destroyed after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Rescuers look for bodies in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A rescuer looks for bodies in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A rescuer looks for bodies in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A rescuer looks for bodies in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A woman walks in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains that led several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
People walk in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
A man looks at a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
Rescuers look for bodies in a destroyed area after flooding and mudslides, caused by heavy rains leading several rivers to overflow, pushing sediment and rocks into buildings and roads, in Mocoa, Colombia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Jaime Saldarriaga
MOCOA, Colombia Scores of decomposing cadavers were being released for burial on Monday as rescuers continued to search for victims of weekend flooding and landslides that devastated a city in southern Colombia, killing at least 273 people.
Desperate families queued for blocks in the heat to search a morgue for loved ones who died when several rivers burst their banks in the early hours of Saturday, sending water, mud and debris crashing down streets and into houses as people slept.
Bodies wrapped in white sheets lay on the concrete floor of the morgue as officials sought to bury them as soon as possible to avoid the spread of disease. The government has begun vaccination against infection.
"Please speed up delivery of the bodies because they are decomposing," said Yadira Andrea Munoz, a 45-year-old housewife who expected to receive the remains of two relatives who died in the tragedy.
But officials asked for families to be patient.
"We don't want bodies to be delivered wrongly," said Carlos Eduardo Valdes, head of the forensic science institute.
The death toll has ticked up during the day as rescuers searched with dogs and machinery in the mud-choked rubble.
Many families in Mocoa have spent days and nights digging through the debris with their hands despite a lack of food, clean water and electricity.
President Juan Manuel Santos, who made a third visit to the area on Monday, blamed climate change for the disaster, saying Mocoa had received one-third of its usual monthly rain in just one night, causing the rivers to burst their banks.
Others said deforestation in surrounding mountains meant there were few trees to prevent water washing down bare slopes.
More than 500 people were staying in emergency housing and social services had helped 10 lost children find their parents. As many as 43 children were killed.
Families of the dead will receive about $6,400 in aid and the government will cover hospital and funeral costs.
Even in a country where heavy rains, a mountainous landscape and informal construction combine to make landslides a common occurrence, the scale of the Mocoa disaster was daunting compared with recent tragedies, including a 2015 landslide that killed nearly 100 people.
Colombia's deadliest landslide, the 1985 Armero disaster, killed more than 20,000 people.
Santos urged Colombians to take precautions against flooding and continued rains.
Flooding in Peru last month killed more than 100 people and destroyed infrastructure.
(Reporting by Andres Rojas, Helen Murphy Luis Jaime Acosta and Jaime Saldarriaga; Editing by James Dalgleish and Lisa Shumaker)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-At least 3 people injured in San Francisco shooting -local media
June 14 At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.
LONDON Britain's largest energy supplier Centrica (CNA.L) could face a more than 100 million pounds hit to its bottom line after announcing an extension to an outage at its Rough storage field, analysts said.
Centrica had closed the storage site, a depleted gas field in the North Sea, to gas injections on concerns about the safety of some of its wells. On Wednesday, it extended the outage to April 2018 from June 2017.
The utility had already warned in February that its storage business, which swung to an operating loss for a first time last year, would slip further into the red this year because of the problems at the Rough site.
Analysts are now expecting those losses to come in at the higher end of the spectrum as the extended outage will curb revenue Centrica would have made from gas traders storing fuel.
"The direct impact on Centrica will be a likely EBIT loss of in excess of 100 million pounds in 2017 for the storage division," said analysts at RBC Capital Markets.
Barclays analysts echoed the assessment, saying the unit's loss will likely be closer to Centrica's worst-case scenario of a 110 million pound loss.
Analysts at Credit Suisse said the news meant it had reduced Centrica's Earnings Per Share (EPS) forecast by 0.6 pence per share.
Shares in Centrica, which runs operate the British Gas brand, were down 1 percent at 0955 GMT, slightly worse than the 0.5 percent loss on London's FTSE 100 index .FTSE.
(Reporting by Karolin Schaps; Editing by Keith Weir)
BEIRUT, Aug 13 (Reuters) - The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah said on Sunday the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump had no way to harm it, dismissing U.S. sanctions and threats targeting his Iran-backed group.
Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, speaking in a televised address to mark the 11th anniversary of the end of the 2006 war with Israel, said the U.S. administration had no means "to damage the strength of the resistance".
Trump last month called Hezbollah "a menace" to the Lebanese people and to the entire region.
U.S. lawmakers last month introduced legislation seeking to increase sanctions on Hezbollah by further restricting its ability to raise money and recruit and by increasing pressure on banks that do business with it. (Writing by Tom Perry, editing by Larry King)
TOKYO, April 12 Broadcom Ltd offered about 2.5 trillion yen ($23 billion) for Toshiba Corp's chip unit, the highest among 10 or so bidders who participated in the first round of offers, a source briefed on the matter said.
Taiwan's Foxconn made the second highest offer, of about 2 trillion yen, the source said, declining to be identified as he was not authorised to speak on the matter publicly.
Broadcom and Foxconn were among four suitors selected to proceed to the second round, several sources said, adding that Broadcom has partnered with U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP.
South Korea's SK Hynix Inc and Toshiba's chip joint venture partner Western Digital Corp are the other suitors, but Western Digital's offer was far lower than those of Broadcom and Foxconn, the source said.
The size of SK Hynix's offer was not immediately known.
Toshiba has said it needs to sell most or all of the prized business to cover charges related to U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric that threaten the Japanese conglomerate's future.
Representatives for Broadcom, Silver Lake, Foxconn and Western Digital could not be reached immediately for comment outside of regular business hours. A Toshiba spokeswoman declined to comment on the specifics of the sale process. ($1 = 109.6700 yen) (Reporting by Taro Fuse; Writing by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine Pause
1:24 Understanding H-1B Visas
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
It's a sight you'll see nowhere else: a race around a circuit that's half sandy beach, half blue sea, hard-fought with a putter and then a roar by more than 60 amphibious boats.
They are Sealegs, the product of Kiwi ingenuity, invented and manufactured in Auckland. Although they are exported to 55 countries around the world, their greatest concentration is on Waiheke Island, where they are used year-round to drive from bach to beach and then into the water for a spot of fishing.
On one day a year, though, the Sealegs camaraderie becomes serious competition when their owners take part in the Onetangi Beach Races. Being held next Sunday, 11 February — the date is dictated by the timing of low tide on Onetangi's two kilometres of wide, sandy beach — the Sealegs race is for many the highlight of the day's programme.
From a line scraped across the wet sand, the teams run to their boats, fire up the engines and trundle impatiently along the beach.
Advertisement
Then they head into the water, retract the wheels and transform instantly into racing craft, water pluming up behind them as they skim around the buoys and back to shore. Wheels down, engines up and they're back into trundle mode again as they vie to reach the finish-line first to claim the honours.
It's an event the originators of this annual, and free, family day out could never have foreseen back in the 1890s. Organised now by Waiheke Rotary Club as a fundraiser for local community groups and charities, the profits this year will purchase such diverse needs as dictionaries and defibrillators.
Sealegs compete on land and sea, in Waiheke Island's race day. Photo / Peter Rees/Shelley Wood
But for the thousands of locals and day-trippers who flock to Onetangi, it's all about the classic pleasures of a day at the beach, supplemented by the fun of the races and competitions.
While the Sealegs race is the greatest novelty on the programme, there are the classics too: horses send the sand flying as they power along the beach, and cute, hairy ponies in miniature racing sulkies are driven by children in slower-motion but equally fiercely-fought races.
Segways skim silently along, defying gravity; and lovingly-maintained old tractors do their best to give the impression of speed as they lumber down the beach, drivers bent over to lessen wind resistance.
There are running and wheelbarrow races for the kids, and some intense rivalry between the island's police, ambulance, coastguard and fire crews in their obstacle race.
Between races, spectators can go for a dip and fuel up afterwards at the food trucks and stalls or in one of Onetangi's restaurants; or they can divert themselves with the other entertainments.
There are sandcastle and sand sculpture competitions, a Big Dig for the kids, and the Fashion in the Field contest for women, men and children.
A Silent Auction for $14,000 worth of donated goods runs throughout the day and includes accommodation, restaurant meals, wine and even a fishing trip — just not, though, in a Sealegs.
Contact
Joni Bowen
***@kent.edu Joni Bowen
End
-- The College of Business Administration will host the next two events in its Firestone Lecture Series in Finance on Friday, April 21 and Friday, April 28. The lectures are free and open to the public and begin at 10:30 a.m. in Room A325 in the Business Administration Building, located at 475 Terrace Dr., Kent, OH, 44242.On April 21, Ramon DeGennaro, Ph.D., will present, "Are Angel Investors too Eager to Get Back in the Game?"DeGennaro, professor of banking and finance at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, received a doctoral degree in finance from The Ohio State University. He earned a Master of Education degree from Ohio University and a bachelor's degree in education from The Ohio State University.DeGennaro has presented original research at professional conferences and has served on program committees of several professional organizations. He is the recipient of more than 50 research and professional development grants. DeGennaro consults in the areas of business valuation, investments and financial management and is a Luminary Member of the Angel Capital Group.DeGennaro's current research involves investments, financial markets and institutions, financial regulation, small-firm finance and public policy. He has been published in more than 45 refereed articles on investments, financial market volatility, small-firm finance, term structure of interest rates, financial institutions and prediction markets. He is a current or former associate editor or member of the editorial boards of The Journal of Financial Research, The Financial Review, the International Journal of Business, Journal of Financial Economic Policy and The Journal of Private Enterprise.To register for the April 21 Firestone Lecture Series, click here: https://cobamarketing.wufoo.com/ forms/m144urn119bzkjn/ On April 28, Doug Cook, Ph.D., will present,"The Effects of Operating Leases on the Pricing of Stocks, Bonds and Earnings Quality."Cook, professor of finance and Ehney A. Camp, Jr. Endowed Chair of Finance and Investments at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, received a doctoral degree in Finance from the University of Texas. He earned MBA and bachelor's degrees from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.Prior to joining the faculty of the University of Alabama, Cook worked as a financial economist at the Office of Thrift Supervision in the Department of the Treasury; assistant professor of finance at the University of Colorado at Boulder; assistant instructor at The University of Texas at Austin; director of financial planning and analysis and financial analysist at Sara Lee Corporation and operations analyst and polymer resin researcher at Ford Motor Company.His research interests include corporate finance, financial markets and financial institutions. Cook's work has been published in the Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics, Review of Financial Studies, Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, Journal of Business, Financial Management, Journal of Money, Credit and Banking, Journal of Corporate Finance and Journal of Empirical Finance. His research regarding the compliance and disclosure under SEC Rule 10b-18 has been cited in the Federal Register as impacting the new SEC 10b-18 rules.To register for the April 28 Firestone Lecture Series, click here: https://cobamarketing.wufoo.com/ forms/m1poay9e0enakx3/ Sponsored by the College's Department of Finance, the Firestone Lecture Series in Finance features innovative finance research that provides real-world industry applications. The series is funded by a generous gift from the Bridgestone Trust Fund, formerly known as the Firestone Trust Fund, dedicated to advancing financial education through research and innovative teaching.For more information on the College of Business Administration, visit https://www.kent.edu/business.###Kent State University's College of Business Administration is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business International (AACSB) and is one of the largest colleges of business in Ohio. The College has more than 4,300 students representing 50 countries with over 85 full-time faculty from 16 countries.The college grants undergraduate through graduate degrees, and is one of only three public business colleges in Ohio with a comprehensive Ph.D. program. The MBA program is offered both in-person and online in an accelerated format. The Executive MBA program offers two tracks: one targeting corporate professionals and the other healthcare executives. The M.S. in Accounting and M.A. in Economics are specialized master's degrees for those seeking advanced study in these disciplines. The College also offers a Master of Science degree in Business Analytics (MSBA) that spans all industries and organizations. The college boasts 10 undergraduate majors, 12 minors and a Professional Sales Certificate program.The college is listed as a Best Business School by Princeton Review, one of only 23 accounting programs worldwide to be endorsed by the IMA (Institute of Management Accountants), ranked Top-Tier for Executive Education in North America by CEO Magazine and ranked by the SEF (Sales Education Foundation) for Professional Sales Education.The college boasts an onsite Career Services Center and International Programs Office dedicated to business students, and operates the Global Management Center, the Center for Information Systems and the Center for Entrepreneurship and Business Innovation all propelling scholarly research, establishing innovative industry partnerships and providing outreach to Northeast Ohio and beyond.Joni Bowen, Public Relations and Media Specialist, (330) 672-1279, cell: (330) 221-0637, jbowen1@kent.edu
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
AMSTERDAM, March 31 Dutch authorities said on Friday they had left Swiss authorities out of a tax fraud investigation stemming from secret Swiss bank accounts because no Swiss citizens were suspects.
Earlier, Swiss authorities protested angrily that they were not involved in the investigation into suspected tax evasion led by the Netherlands and including Britain, France, Germany and Australia, as well as Eurojust, the European Union's judicial coordination agency.
The Netherland's office for financial crimes prosecution (FIOD) said that, although it had received information about 50,000 secret accounts at a Swiss bank, "we received no information about Swiss residents".
"If the Swiss authorities wish to receive information on the investigation, we, the other countries involved and Eurojust, are always willing to discuss (that) with them," the FIOD said in a statement. (Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Gareth Jones)
PHOENIX — Archie Bradley was hit in the face by a line drive off the bat of Colorado Rockies slugger Carlos Gonzalez, but it appeared the Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher avoided...
The American Red Cross has launched a massive disaster response in northern California, where nearly 200,000 people have been ordered to evacuate because of the potentially catastrophic failure of a spillway that is part of the Oroville Dam system.
The American Red Cross Central and Southern Illinois Region deployed nine volunteers to Butte County in northern California to assist with the Red Cross disaster response. The volunteers will be working together in a unique situation as an entire “shelter team” to set up and staff a shelter to provide a safe place to stay and comfort and care for the evacuated residents in the Oroville Spillway area.
“Red Cross volunteers from our region are always eager to deploy to help with disasters across the country,” said Lyn Hruska, chief executive officer of the American Red Cross Central and Southern Illinois Region. “It is inspiring to work with volunteers who are willing, on very short notice, to take time away from their lives and their loved ones to help others in need.”
Volunteers deployed from the region include Kerri Becker of Springfield, Chuck Bullard of Morrisonville, Holly Hall of Monroe City, Missouri, Kathi Knope of Taylorville, Sylvia Martinez of Davenport, Iowa, Connie Roberts of Hannibal, Missouri, Paul Sierra of Moline, Robert West of Davenport and Robin Wilson of McLeansboro.
As many as 2,200 residents are in Red Cross and community shelters and the Red Cross is preparing to shelter and feed thousands more in the coming days. The evacuation orders came Sunday night in Butte and Yuba counties, Yuba City and Marysville as damage was discovered to the Oroville spillway.
The Oroville Dam is the tallest dam in the United States. The dam remains intact, but the emergency spillway is compromised. The governor of California has declared a state of emergency and substantial search and rescue help is being deployed, including the California National Guard and Highway Patrol, along with swift-water rescue teams.
Marcio Jose Sanchez | AP Evacuees rest at a shelter for residents of cities surrounding the Oroville Dam in Chico, California. The thousands of people ordered to leave their homes after a damaged California spillway threatened to unleash a 30-foot wall of water may not be able to return until significant erosion is repaired, authorities said. http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_damevacuation.jpg Marcio Jose Sanchez | AP Evacuees rest at a shelter for residents of cities surrounding the Oroville Dam in Chico, California. The thousands of people ordered to leave their homes after a damaged California spillway threatened to unleash a 30-foot wall of water may not be able to return until significant erosion is repaired, authorities said.
As of early this week, the Humboldt County (California) Sheriff's Office thought 22-year-old Rebekah Martinez has been missing for more than two months.
The only problem? Martinez had been spotted by millions of people on a weekly basis.
It turns out Martinez is actually "Bekah," one of the women competing for the heart of Arie Luyendyk Jr. on this season of "The Bachelor."
According to the North Coast Journal, Martinez had been reported missing by her mother on Nov. 18 after she hadn't heard from her daughter for six days. Martinez's mother was able to contact her daughter the same day she filed the missing person's report.
This is peak #TheBachelor. Not even I could make this up. Yes, that's Bekah M.
TL,DR: a 22 year-old woman was reported missing by her mom from a marijuana farm in Humboldt County. They found her on The Bachelor. https://t.co/2QqmcNWL33 pic.twitter.com/gzqy9CWwds — Heidi (@HeidiRochelle) February 2, 2018
According to the New York Times, officials with the sheriff's office didn't learn that Martinez's mother had spoken to her daughter until Dec. 12 when they followed up with an email.
However, procedure requires that sheriff's deputies make "direct contact" with missing persons before they can be removed from the missing person's list. So, for more than two months and five episodes of a hit network show, Rebekah Martinez continued to be listed as a missing person.
MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
That all changed when the North Coast Journal received a comment on its Facebook page, informing reporters that Martinez was still listed as "missing" by the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office. Once deputies were alerted by the Journal, Martinez was removed from the missing person's list.
Martinez is one of 10 other women still in contention on The Bachelor.
Never let it be said that this newspaper isn't way ahead of its time. When this picture was taken in the summer of 1987, the legendary Diet Coke hunks weren't even a twinkle in an advertising copywriter's eye. Indeed the sugarless soft drink itself was a mere toddler, having been on the market for only three years.
But when Paddy Whelan went to photograph the demolition of the Tara Street baths and wash-house, don't tell me he hadn't some hunk-type mischief in mind when he asked this particular builder – named Myles Behan – to step in front of the camera.
Once the viewer gets over the excitement of seeing Behan without his shirt, however, it's time for a Dublin-style reality check. For, as the caption reveals, the baleful-looking circular thingummyjig he is about to demolish is, in fact, a washing machine.
The idea of bringing your laundry to Tara Street, shoving it into one of these grim appliances and paying sixpence an hour for the privilege is almost unimaginable now. But from 1885 until its demolition – the space now houses the Markievicz swimming pool and leisure centre – the laundry was a bit of a Dublin legend.
The poet Patrick Kavanagh recorded a visit there in his Irish Press column City Commentary. A more recent chronicler of the capital, Bill Cullen, described it in his book It's A Long Way From Penny Apples as “a big red-brick building, full of steel washing urns, steam spewing everywhere”.
The laundry's 40 tubs were still in weekly use as late as 1949, so when our photo was taken, this particular tub hadn't been given a spin for nearly 40 years. Nevertheless, Behan has donned a pair of gloves in order to inspect its innards.
Unless, of course, he is about to retrieve his shirt from the “no iron” cycle.
These and other Irish Times images can be purchased from irishtimes.com/photosales. A book, The Times We Lived In, with more than 100 photographs and commentary by Arminta Wallace, published by Irish Times Books, is available from irishtimes.com and from bookshops, priced €19.99
An intensive search for the body of the missing teenager was held on June 6. LaTania Carwell has not been seen since April 17. Her step-father, Leon Tripp, was arrested for kidnapping. While her mother, Tanya Tripp, is charged with hindering the apprehension of a criminal. FOX 54 was there as investigators searched near Carwell's home and the woods near Regency Mall. Four wheelers and a helicopter were all used to look for evidence that may point to Carwell's body.
Richmond County deputies began the first phase of the search Wednesday morning on Tate Rd. where Carwell was last seen at her home. They went door to door looking for clues. "We're going to be asking, 'Can we search your back yard? Can we look in these abandoned cars? Can we look in these woods to make sure? Can we look up under the house?", says Lt. Allan Rollins
Sheriff Roundtree says deputies found some evidence in the neighborhood, but because the investigation is ongoing, they cannot tell us what that evidence is at this time. "We did find evidence. We did find information that is connected to this case. We feel in the future that's going to be significant." Around 1 p.m. investigators moved to a new location -- the woods by Regency Mall. They were searching a 3 mile radius in every direction. "Our goal this week is the recovery of her body. I think the community needs peace. The family needs peace. That's our primary goal."
But many people in the community are still hoping that Carwell is alive. One being her next-door neighbor Thales Elliot. "Until they find her body we can keep hoping and praying that she is still alive."
"We would prefer to see a live body. Absolutely, we would. But we can only go off the evidence we have at hand. Based on the information we have obtained, we feel we're working a homicide investigation." explains Sheriff Roundtree. Roundtree also says he's using all his resources in this case. From science to interviewing people they think may know details that could help. But there is one question that is on a lot of people's mind: "Was the younger sister questioned?"
"That is something that may be explored in the future. But if it's something we can avoid, then it's something we will avoid to not put her through additional trauma.", says Sheriff Roundtree.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau makes a statement on the incident involving pedestrians being struck by a van in Toronto, in the Foyer of the House of Commons on Parliament Hill on Tuesday, April 24, 2018 in Ottawa. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Justin Tang
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his public safety minister are delivering messages of sorrow — but not panic — in the aftermath of a Toronto man's deadly rampage through city streets in a van.
In an early morning statement, Trudeau said there is no apparent link to terrorism, adding that all Canadians are standing with Toronto as it continues to reel from the attack.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
“The events that took place yesterday in Toronto were a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy,” Trudeau said, extending condolences to the victims and thanks to the first responders on the scene.
“They handled this extremely difficult situation with professionalism and bravery. They faced danger without a moment of hesitation, and there is no doubt that their courage saved lives and prevented further injuries.”
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
But while Trudeau says the investigation into the incident is still underway, he says there is no evidence to suggest there is a “national security element” to the situation.
“All Canadians are with Toronto today — in our hearts, in our prayers and in our thoughts.”
Meanwhile, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who happens to be in Toronto for a meeting with other G7 national security ministers, says the attack has led to “a very large homicide investigation,” with city police at the helm and every level of government taking part.
Goodale thanked other countries, especially the United States, for their condolences and offers of help. And he, too, commended the first responders.
Like Trudeau, he reiterated that the investigation “what happened and why” has only just begun, but sees no reason to draw any links to a national security risk or organized attack.
The @TorontoPolice and first responders faced danger without hesitation today, and I want to thank them for their courage and professionalism. We'll continue working with our law enforcement partners as the investigation continues. — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) April 24, 2018
The attack began Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in the city's north end.
Toronto police have arrested 25-year-old Alek Minassian in the incident.
Minassian is due to appear in court later today.
MEDIA ADVISORY:
Alek Minassian, 25
-He will appear in court Tuesday, April 24, 2018
-10 am at 1000 Finch Avenue West court
-Information on charges to be released at that time
^dh — Toronto Police (@TorontoPolice) April 24, 2018
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
National Front leader Marine Le Pen will borrow €6 million from her father Jean-Marie Le Pen's political fund, Cotelec, to fund her presidential race as French banks refuse to loan money to the far-right party.
Cotelec must finance the National Front's campaigns, party vice president Florian Philippot said in an interview Sunday with French radio Europe 1.
“The fundamental issue is that the French banks refuse to lend and choose candidates for the presidential election they finance and the ones they don't,” he said.
National Front is struggling to raise the €20 million it needs to run its presidential and legislative campaigns this year after the party's Russian lender failed.
Bloomberg
FILE PHOTO: United Launch Alliance launches an Atlas V rocket with an United States Air Force OTV-4 onboard from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Michael Brown
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. United Launch Alliance has dropped the price of its workhorse Atlas 5 rocket flights by about one-third in response to mounting competition from rival SpaceX and others, the company's chief executive said on Tuesday.
“We're seeing that price is even more important than it had been in the past,” Tory Bruno, chief executive of United Launch Alliance, or ULA, said during an interview at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs.
“We're dropping the cost of Atlas almost every day. Atlas is now down more than a third in its cost,” Bruno said.
As of December 2016, a baseline Atlas 5 rocket launch was selling for about $109 million, though satellite operators can make up at least half that cost by getting more favorable insurance rates and other factors, including an on-time launch, ULA has said.
In contrast, Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, lists the base price of a Falcon 9 rocket launch on its website at $62 million.
ULA's cost reductions include trimming its payroll. The company last year said it planned to cut as many as 875 jobs, or about one-quarter of its workforce, before the end of 2017.
The company last month lost a U.S. Air Force global positioning satellite launch contract to SpaceX, which bid $96.5 million for the work.
“It was a price-focused competition,” Bruno said.
After losing the bid, Bruno said he learned from the Air Force what was obvious - the competitor had a lower price.
More competition is on the way. Jeff Bezos' rocket company Blue Origin last month announced its first six launch contracts for its still-in-development New Glenn orbital rocket.
Bruno said ULA would continue to pound away on the Atlas 5 price, but ultimately plans to replace the booster, which has a perfect 70-flight history.
Manufacturing and supplier costs at some point will limit price reductions, Bruno said. The new booster, expected to debut in 2019, “crashes through that ... floor and brings us to a much more competitive offering.”
(Editing by Steve Gorman)
Thanks to Tara for the following WWE NXT live event results from Thursday's show in Dade City, Florida:
* Nikki Cross defeated Vanessa Borne
* Adrian Jaoude defeated Chad Lail (Gunner)
* Dakota Kai defeated Bianca Belair
* Buddy Murphy defeated Babatunde Aiyegbusi
* Raul Mendoza defeated Lio Rush
* Kairi Sane and Liv Morgan defeated Shayna Baszler and Lacey Evans
* Killian Dain defeated Cezar Bononi
* NXT Tag Team Champions SAnitY retained over The Authors of Pain
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - At least three people were killed on Saturday and 35 injured after protests turned violent in Charlottesville, Virginia, as white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car ploughed into a crowd, officials said.
A 32-year-old female was among those killed, said Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas, and injuries ranged from life-threatening to minor. The male driver of the vehicle that ploughed into a crowd is in custody, Thomas said, and police were treating the incident as a criminal homicide investigation.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
National signing day has passed, roster comings and goings are mostly done and spring practice will be here before you know it, so let's take a stab at Notre Dame's depth chart. Based on the present snapshot, here is a position-by-position breakdown of how things look for the Irish:
Quarterback: Brandon Wimbush, Ian Book, Avery Davis
The coaching staff has been encouraged by Book's development coming out of his redshirt season. But no matter how well he does, he won't unseat Wimbush for the starting job if Wimbush remains healthy. Coach Brian Kelly left no doubt that the starting job belongs to Wimbush. Davis is the next redshirt.
Running back: Josh Adams, Dexter Williams, Tony Jones Jr.
It was no surprise that the Irish signed a running back in the 2017 class, C.J. Holmes, but they'll be relying on Adams and Williams for the bulk of the carries, and Jones' presence means this is a position with good depth. Adams' body betrayed him at times last season, so depth is a comfort.
Tight end: Durham Smythe, Alizé Jones, Nic Weishar, Brock Wright, Cole Kmet, Tyler Luatua
Having six candidates for playing time at this position seems a bit excessive if everyone is healthy and eligible. But, for a spot that has lagged in production for years now, the more, the merrier. Jones is back from an academic ban and the most promising threat in the passing game, while Luatua remains the blocking specialist.
Wide receiver: Equanimeous St. Brown, Kevin Stepherson, C.J. Sanders, Chris Finke, Miles Boykin, Chase Claypool, Freddy Canteen, Javon McKinley
Assuming good health, the top three of St. Brown, Stepherson and Sanders are set in stone, which intensifies the competition for what could be one final role carrying significant playing time. Finke gets the nod here because of his last impression – four catches for 53 yards and a touchdown on Nov. 26 at Southern California.
Offensive tackle: Mike McGlinchey, Liam Eichenberg on left side, Alex Bars, Tommy Kraemer, Aaron Banks and Josh Lugg on right side
McGlinchey and Bars enter their second year as starters at those positions. With so much young talent added in the last two recruiting classes, it strengthens the spring and fall competitions to secure a role as top backups.
Center: Sam Mustipher, Tristen Hoge
Mustipher's intelligence makes him a natural fit in the pivot after the Irish promoted him to starter last year, which pushed Hoge to guard, though Hoge will maintain a working knowledge of center in case of emergency.
Guard: Quenton Nelson, Hoge on left side, Hunter Bivin, Robert Hainsey, Parker Boudreaux on right side
This group includes a future NFL starter in Nelson; plenty of youth and potential for returning offensive line coach Harry Hiestand to work with.
Defensive tackle: Daniel Cage, Jerry Tillery, Elijah Taylor, Pete Mokwuah, Micah Dew-Treadway, Darnell Ewell, Kurt Hinish
There is some unproven depth after Cage and Tillery. Cage is at the top of this group, but it will all depend on how often new defensive coordinator Mike Elko uses a three-man line.
Defensive end: Jay Hayes, Daelin Hayes, Andrew Trumbetti, Jonathan Bonner, Khalid Kareem, Julian Okwara
With Isaac Rochell gone, at least one Hayes is expected to bump into a starting role. Then there's the experienced Trumbetti trying to build on seven 2016 starts with three youngsters who have flashed potential vying for snaps as reserves.
Linebacker: Nyles Morgan, Greer Martini at middle, Te'von Coney, Drue Tranquill, Asmar Bilal on outside
With Morgan and Coney returning as starters, and Martini being a versatile veteran backup, this group currently has good depth, but the bigger-picture question is if the Irish implement Elko's “rover” spot. That's what Tranquill, a safety in 2016, would play. This is another position that seems a bit too deep to figure out just yet.
Cornerback: Shaun Crawford, Julian Love, Donte Vaughn, Nick Watkins, Troy Pride Jr.
Crawford, the team's No. 2 corner in 2016 before suffering a season-ending foot injury in the second game, could step in right away as the No. 1 option now that Cole Luke graduated. Love and Vaughn, freshmen in 2016, caught the eye with solid ball skills, making this a position with high upside and a bright future.
Safety: Devin Studstill, Jalen Elliott, Nicco Fertitta, Isaiah Robertson
This entire group, save Robertson, returns from 2016, with the lone change the probable departure of Tranquill to the “rover” position. Much uncertainty exists, however, about the level of performance, and Nick Coleman, a backup cornerback who struggled mightily in 2016, could try his hand at safety.
Specialists: Justin Yoon (kicker), Tyler Newsome (punter), John Shannon (long snapper), Sanders (returner)
The lone change is that incoming freshman Jonathan Doerer will handle kickoff duties, not Yoon.
cgoff@jg.net
May 3 Katanga Mining Ltd
* Katanga Mining announces 2017 first quarter production results and date for release of 2017 first quarter financial results
* Katanga Mining - on Sept 11, 2015, co announced decision to suspend processing of copper, cobalt during construction phase of whole ore leach project
* Katanga Mining Ltd - for processing due to plant shutdown, there was no copper or cobalt metal produced for sale in Q1 2017
* Suspension of processing on whole ore leach project continued through Q1 of 2017
* Katanga Mining - whole ore leach prject production is not expected to resume until it is commissioned, which is expected to commence in Q4 2017
* Q1 waste mined 7.5 million tonnes versus 1.1 million tonnes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ROME (AP) — Italian media say an Italian man who drove his car last week into pedestrians near a Christmas market had been aiming to kill.
The ANSA news agency reported Monday that the man is being investigated on suspicion of wanting to carry out a massacre. His car on Saturday seriously injured a woman at an outdoor skating ring near the Sondrio, northern Italy, holiday market before crashing into a pillar.
Originally, the crash, which slightly injured two other strollers in the pedestrian-only square, was blamed on drunk driving.
Sondrio's chief prosecutor wasn't immediately available for comment. The reported accusation indicated there was no sign of terrorist aims.
Advertisement
ANSA said the suspect, 27, when he was arrested at the scene, said that he "should have killed more" people.
Media Contact
Chris Rinehart
Raleigh, NC
(919) 391-0442
chris@reenchantplanetearth.com Chris RinehartRaleigh, NC(919) 391-0442
End
-- New and seasoned writers will have greater opportunities to publish and share their messages due to collaboration between Microsoft and Publishing Architect™ Sherrie Wilkolaski, a best-selling author and independent publishing content strategist, and Marilyn Shannon, a best-selling author, speaker, coach and host of The Breaking Free Show. A four-month series of free online/in-person trainings will be offered where each attendee will have the opportunity to professionally publish a book upon completion. During the series, publishing fundamentals will be taught extensively along with editing, formatting, cover design and marketing. There will be surprise visits from famous authors and industry leaders offering insight, personal stories and sound advice."The exciting thing is that today, everyone and anyone can have a voice, share their message and be heard. The playing field is available for us all." Marilyn Shannon adds, "We all can publish a book."Self-Publishing Fundamentals workshop series will be offered at the Microsoft Store at King of Prussia Mall ( https://www.microsoft.com/ en-us/store/ locations/pa/ king-o... ) in King of Prussia, PA. The series also will be available for participants to take part via online streaming. The series runs from September 7, 2017 to December 2, 2017.ABOUT SHERRIE WILKOLASKI: Sherrie Wilkolaski is a leading expert in the independent publishing market, having consulted with more than 15,000 authors throughout her career as the Publishing Architect™. A bestselling author, radio talk show host, and content strategist, she has studied at the Yale School of Management Professional Publishing program and M.P.S. in Publishing from George Washington University. Her most recent book "Publishing Architect's Blueprint: Self-Publishing Fundamentals"is a 2017 Next Generation Indie Publishing Award finalist. www.publishingarchitect.com ABOUT MARILYN SHANNON: Marilyn Shannon is a devout optimist, an author, communications coach, radio and online TV host. In 2010, she founded Women's Power Networking. She believes by taking a little time to listen, share, and understand we will live in peace. Her best-selling book, "In Just One Afternoon - Listening into the Hearts of Men" is the first in an ongoing series of intimate interviews. Marilyn holds a degree in Communications and Public Speaking from Syracuse University. She is a wife, mother of five, and grandma to Landon, Liev and Nolan. To learn more about Marilyn, visit her website at: www.marilynshannon.com or contact her by phone at: (919) 362-7133.
Diamond group De Beers reported on Tuesday that its total production had increased by 15% to 8.5-million carats during the first quarter of this year (1Q18). This rise in output was largely credited by the Group to the ramp-up in production at the Gahcho Kué project in Canada and greater production at the Orapa operation in Botswana.
In Canada, Gahcho Kué, which had achieved its nameplate capacity in 2Q17, saw a 69% increase in production during the first three months of this year. This resulted in an output of 1.1-million carats. (De Beers holds 51% of the Gahcho Kué project, the other 49% belonging to Mountain Province Diamonds.)
Advertisement
Botswana, where the group operates through its subsidiary Debswana – a 50:50 joint venture (JV) with the Botswana government – saw production rise 12% to 5.8-million carats. Output at the Orapa operation jumped 26% to 2.8-million carats. This was the result of an increase in the amount of ore treated, which, in turn, was the result of, in the Group's words, “sustained healthy trading conditions”. (Debswana is the world's number one diamond producer in terms of value and the world's number two in terms of volume.)
Production in Namibia rose by 12% to 528 000 ct. This was the consequence of mining higher grade ores at the land-based operations. In Namibia, De Beers operates through another subsidiary, Namdeb, which is also a 50:50 JV, this time with the Namibian government. (De Beers marine diamond mining activities in Namibia are handled by Debmarine Namibia, which is another 50:50 JV between the Group and the Namibian government.)
Advertisement
In South Africa, the group operates through De Beers Consolidated Mines, in which the De Beers Group has a 74% shareholding. Production was pretty much static in comparison to 1Q17, at 1.1-million carats.
Diamond sales during 1Q18 came to 8.8-million carats, or 8.4-million on a consolidated basis. “Consolidated sales volumes exclude De Beers' JV partners' 50 per cent proportionate share of sales to outside De Beers from Diamond Trading Company Botswana and Namibia Diamond Trading Company, which are included in total sales volumes (100 per cent basis)” explained the Group. These figures were the outcome of two diamond sales, designated “Sights” by De Beers.
During 1Q17, the Group sold 14.1-million carats (or 13.7-million on a consolidated basis) but during three Sights. The 1Q17 figure excluded pre-commercial sales of 13.4-million carats from Gahcho Kué. “In addition to the difference in the number of Sights over the period, Sight 1 2017 also saw an unusually strong demand for lower value goods following the effects of Indian demonetisation in Q4 2016, leading to [a] higher than normal sales volume,” observed the group.
De Beers' production guidance for the whole of this year is unchanged at 34-million carats to 36-million carats. These figures are calculated on a 100% production basis, except for the Gahcho Kué operation, which will be on a 51% production basis.
The De Beers Group is involved, through various subsidiaries, in exploration, mining, rough diamond sales, retail (with brands) and advanced materials development. In addition to its share in Debswana, the Botswana government owns 15% of the De Beers Group, the other 85% being held by Anglo American.
ETW encourages an objective approach to scoring employees on culture that will ultimately drive growth and accountability for the organization.
Contact
Celeste Suarez
Execute to Win
***@etw.com Celeste SuarezExecute to Win
End
-- In Execute to Win's (ETW) latest whitepaper, Objectively Scoring Culture, readers learn how to drive an intentional culture in an objective and developmental way that engages both managers and employees. The whitepaper will help readers understand best practices on creating an intentional culture, scoring it accordingly, and ensuring it sticks by holding employees accountable.This is one of the proven best practices utilized within ETW's Management Operating System to ensure clients' success. It's a way to highlight culture as an important and valid component to a performance management effort.The whitepaper provides key examples, terminology and best practices to help readers…• Understand how observable behaviors contribute to culture and scoring• Learn useful terminology to provide clarity among your organization's leadership and management teams• Compare and apply ETW's three dimensions of scoring criteria to their own organizations• Guidance on how and where to get started"Having an objective approach to scoring employees on culture benefits an organization in a number of ways," says ETW VP of Sales and Marketing Jack Irving. "Not only does it help employees feel they are being fairly evaluated, but it also helps them to recognize how their behaviors and actions do or don't align with the company's culture in a clear and decisive manner."Culture should be the main driver of growth in an organization, but until your organization's culture is solidified and practiced daily by every member of the team, it won't be. Holding each individual employee accountable for their alignment to culture will get your organization on track for having a fully-developed intentional culture.Read ETW's new whitepaper, Objectively Scoring Culture, now available for download on their resources page>>ETW provides a platform to track, evaluate and measure employee performance against the major objectives of the organization. Easily execute and translate long-term strategy into clear, actionable goals. With ETW you can effectively communicate the company's roadmap to success and engage everyone throughout the organization with that roadmap. Using ETW your organization can connect employees to strategy and culture to drive sustainable winning results. Learn more at http://www.etw.com
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
ISTANBUL Akbarzhon Jalilov, the man Russian police suspect of blowing up a St Petersburg metro carriage, entered Turkey in late 2015 and was deported to Russia about a year later because of migration violations, a senior Turkish official told Reuters on Wednesday.
The April 3 attack killed 14 people, including the bomber himself, and injured dozens more. It took place as Russian President Vladimir Putin -- architect of Russia's military intervention in Syria -- was visiting St Petersburg.
The Turkish official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that while in Turkey Jalilov "was deemed suspicious due to some connections he had, but no action was taken as he had not done anything illegal and there was no evidence of wrongdoing."
"However, the issue was not dropped and this person was sent out of Turkey in December 2016 for violating their visa and residency. In the end, a fine was given and they were deported with an entry ban," the official said.
After leaving Turkey, Jalilov's "passage into Russia was easy from here, it seems they (Jalilov) encountered no problems," the official said.
The Turkish official's account confirmed information given to Reuters by two of Jalilov's acquaintances. They said that he had acquired an interest in Islam and left Russia for Turkey at the end of 2015, after which they lost contact.
Jalilov, a Russian citizen who was born in the mainly Muslim ex-Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan, revealed no outward signs of radicalism, his acquaintances said, and no evidence has emerged that he belonged to any established Islamist militant groups.
That has made it harder for Russian security agencies to establish how he carried out the attack on the metro train, and whether he has associates who are planning future attacks.
At the time he left for Turkey, Jalilov was living in St Petersburg, where he worked as a restaurant cook and in a car repair shop.
Soon after he was deported from Turkey, he travelled to his native city of Osh, in Kyrgyzstan, local officials there told Reuters.
From there, he went back to St Petersburg, moving into a new apartment in early March this year. Prosecutors said security camera footage showed him leaving that apartment on the day of the attack carrying a rucksack and another bag.
(Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ZURICH May 3 LafargeHolcim Chairman Beat Hess hopes to have a new chief executive in place at the world's largest cement maker by the end of the year, with the successful applicant not necessarily having to come from the building industry.
"We would like to have someone with a long track record and someone with strong performance over an extended period of time, and experience in a global company," Hess told reporters after the company's annual general meeting on Wednesday. "We are open to any industry. I would hope at the latest by the end of year to have someone on board."
He said his preference would be for a candidate who wanted to continue the strategy set out by Eric Olsen, who is leaving the Franco-Swiss company after it admitted paying armed groups in Syria.
"I would want to make sure that strategic roadmap is followed and the new person would adopt and embrace the strategic roadmap as defined by Eric. Before new targets are set I would need a lot of convincing new targets are needed." (Reporting by John Revill; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
Following is a list of release dates for the quarterly earnings of some top Malaysia-listed companies. All dates are confirmed except those marked by a "TBD", which means it will be released around those dates. To submit a date, email: liz.lee@thomsonreuters.com TBD: To be determined Company RIC PERIOD DATE AirAsia Bhd Q1 TBD AMMB Holdings Bhd Q4 TBD Astro Malaysia Holdings Bhd Q1 TBD Axiata Group Bhd Q1 TBD British American Tobacco Q1 Apr 24-28 (Malaysia) Bhd MISC Bhd Q1 TBD CIMB Group Holdings Bhd Q1 TBD DiGi.com Bhd Q1 Apr 28 Felda Global Ventures Q1 TBD Holdings Bhd Genting Malaysia Bhd Q1 TBD Genting Bhd Q1 TBD Hong Leong Bank Bhd Q3 TBD Hong Leong Financial Group Q3 TBD Bhd IHH Healthcare Bhd Q1 TBD IOI Corporation Bhd Q3 May 19 Kuala Lumpur Kepong Bhd Q1 May 15-19 Malayan Banking Bhd Q1 TBD Maxis Bhd Q1 Apr 19-24 Petroliam Nasional Bhd Q1 TBD Petronas Chemicals Group Bhd Q1 May 8-12 PPB Group Bhd Q1 TBD Petronas Dagangan Bhd Q1 May 9-15 Petronas Gas Bhd Q1 May 15-17 Public Bank Bhd Q1 Apr 19-24 RHB Bank Bhd Q1 TBD Sime Darby Bhd Q1 TBD Tenaga Nasional Bhd Q2 Apr 27 Telekom Malaysia Bhd Q1 TBD IOI Properties Group Bhd Q3 TBD UMW Holdings Bhd Q1 TBD SapuraKencana Petroleum Bhd Q3 TBD YTL Corporation Bhd Q3 TBD AirAsia X Bhd Q1 TBD
THE Bureau of Immigration has cancelled the missionary visa of an Australian nun who was arrested recently for participating in protest rallies, according to a radio report on Wednesday.
Sister Patricia Fox, 71, has been asked to leave the country or face deportation, the report said, quoting an Immigration order.
Fox has been in the country for more than a decade.
Trevor Noah
End
-- Kravis Center for the Performing ArtsAnnounces Performance byTREVOR NOAHHost of The Daily Show on Comedy CentralJune 3 at 8 pmTickets Go on Public Sale This Friday at 10 am(West Palm Beach, FL – February 13, 2017) The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts today announced that Trevor Noah, the popular host of The Daily Show on Comedy Central, is set to perform in the Alexander W. Dreyfoos, Jr. Concert Hall on Saturday, June 3 at 8 pm. Tickets start at $39.50 and go on sale to the general public this Friday, February 17 at 10 am.Trevor Noah is the most successful comedian in Africa and is the host of the Emmy® and Peabody® Award-winning The Daily Show on Comedy Central. This year The Daily Show has been nominated for a Writers Guild Award (Comedy/Variety Series). Noah joined The Daily Show with Jon Stewart in 2014 as a contributor.It was recently announced that Noah will debut his ninth new comedy special Afraid of the Dark on Tuesday, February 21 on Netflix. The special was shot before a packed house in New York City at the Beacon Theatre on November 5, 2016. Last year, Noah debuted his one-hour stand-up special, Trevor Noah: Lost in Translation, on Comedy Central. Noah was the subject of David Paul Meyer's award-winning documentary film You Laugh But It's True, which tells the story of his remarkable career in post-apartheid South Africa. His Showtime comedy special, Trevor Noah: African American, premiered in 2013. He was nominated for "Personality of the Year" at the 2014 and 2015 MTV Africa Music Awards and won the award in 2015. Trevor's success has also spanned to sold out shows over five continents.Born in South Africa to a black South African mother and a white European father, Noah has hosted numerous television shows including South Africa's music, television and film awards, and two seasons of his own late night talk show, Tonight with Trevor Noah.In November 2016, Trevor released his first book Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood, which was an instant New York Times bestseller. Additionally, his performance on the Born a Crime audiobook was Audible's highest rated audiobook of 2016, and has remained one of the top selling titles on Audible since its release. It was also nominated for two NAACP Image Awards, one for Outstanding Literary Work by a Debut Author and another for Outstanding Literary Work in the Biography/Auto-Biography category.How to Get Tickets to Trevor Noah:Tickets start at $39.50 and a pre-sale to Kravis Center donors is now available. For more information about becoming a Kravis Center donor, please call 561-651-4320 or visit www.kravis.org/membership.Tickets go on public sale this Friday, February 17 at 10 am. They are available for purchase online through the Kravis Center's official website at kravis.org; in person at the Box Office, located at 701 Okeechobee Blvd., West Palm Beach; or by phone at 561-832-7469 or 800-572-8471. For Group Sales, please call 561-651-4438 or 561-651-4304.About the Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts:Celebrating 25 Seasons of Success, Thanks To The Community:This season, the Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts celebrates a Quarter-Century on Stage. And while we celebrate our silver anniversary, we renew our commitment to the community to present the gold standard of excellence in the performing arts.Today, the Kravis Center is a thriving cultural complex, serving as the gateway to downtown West Palm Beach. Thanks to so many who have and continue to support the Center; it has become one of the premier performing arts centers with a renowned national and international reputation.The Kravis Center is a not-for-profit performing arts center whose mission is to enhance the quality of life in Palm Beach County by presenting a diverse schedule of national and international artists and companies of the highest quality; by offering comprehensive arts education programs; by providing a Palm Beach County home in which local and regional arts organizations can showcase their work; and by providing an economic catalyst and community leadership in West Palm Beach, supporting efforts to increase travel and tourism to Palm Beach County. The Kravis Center is located at 701 Okeechobee Blvd. in West Palm Beach, FL. For more information, please call 561-832-7469 or visit the official website at http://www.kravis.org/ Media Contact:Gary SchweikhartPR-BS, Inc.561.756.4298gary@pr-bs.net
End
-- There is a reason owners often outsource property management duties, it's a stressful job. However, juggling the 24 hour needs of tenants doesn't need to be a 24 hour job. Not if you implement real-time security guard reporting services. With real-time security reporting many of the tasks related to property management can be easily delegated to through an application you can download on your mobile phone device.Security guards equipped with real-time security services can notify management about any issues or incidents related to maintenance or specific vendors. At a property managers request, security officers can also trigger notifications to maintenance or specific vendors. You don't have to be on the property 24 hours a day to ensure all issues are being handled properly.Using an application, you can download on your phone. You can keep track of how the issue is being dealt with from the moment the incident is reported by a resident to when it is reported with maintenance. Property managers don't have to be onsite to micromanage every issue reported by residents. This simple security solution, delegates tasks that would otherwise fall on a property managers shoulders to solve.Each incident is reported in Daily Activity Reports of a security guard's checkpoint check-ins, updates on routine checkpoints, or any issues that occurred over their shift. The 24-hour dispatch service, GPS tracking of patrol routes, and the "Issue Monitor" interface assure accurate up-to-date security service. With real time reporting software, it is easier than ever to ensure the safety of your tenants from the ease of your mobile device.Real-time security guard reporting allows Property Managers the ability to monitor issues and incidents as they happen. To learn more how it can implement real-time reporting at your property, contact Chief Protective Services at 888-332-4648 or visit our website http://www.chiefprotectiveservices.com About Chief Protective Services Inc.-------------------------------------------------At Chief Protective Services Inc. we strive to provide our clients with professional, courteous, efficient and effective security coverage. Our company believes in exceeding our client's expectations by providing the highest quality of service. The way we achieve these goals is by investing in our employees and assisting them to grow within the organization. We understand that stimulating the growth of our employees within the company and helping them achieve their goals aide us in becoming the strongest security company in Southern California.
LAHORE Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) chief Shaharyar Khan will not seek another term in office due to personal and health reasons and is to step down in August when his current tenure ends.
The 83-year-old administrator, who has been in the post since 2014, said he had already made his plans known to Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, who is the patron of the PCB.
"I have taken the board in confidence and conveyed my decision that I will not continue after our mandate is ending on August 18," Shaharyar told reporters after chairing a board meeting in Lahore.
"I will not continue after it as chairman or as in any other capacity and it's my decision on the basis of personal and health reasons."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by John O'Brien)
Festival Will Spotlight the Highly Acclaimed Korean Film, 'A Day (Ha-roo)' Followed by Pacific Rim Showcase Celebration
Contact
Newport Beach Film Festival
***@newportbeachfilmfest.com Newport Beach Film Festival
End
-- On Monday, April 30,2018, the 19Annual Newport Beach Film Festival presented by Pacific Sales will showcase its Korean Spotlight, an evening celebration of Korean cinema and culture. The event will feature the highly anticipated film,followed by a festivecenters on a renowned surgeon () that finds himself in a darker-esque situation-- reliving the traumatic day of his daughter's traffic accident over and over again. He attempts to save his daughter's life, and encounters another man that is in the same predicament as he is. Together, they must figure out what brought them together in order to save the lives of their loved ones."The Festival continues a proud tradition of presenting the very best in Korean Cinema. We are excited to screena must-see film for 2018," stated Gregg Schwenk, CEO of the Newport Beach Film Festival.The Korean Spotlight film will screen on Monday, April 30, 2018 at 7:45 pm at1870 Harbor Blvd, Costa Mesa, CA 92627). Following the screening the Festival will host its annualat 9:30 pm at(1875 Newport Blvd B245 Costa Mesa, CA 92627).The evening will feature hosted bar by, signature tastings by top Orange County restaurants, multiple DJs and live entertainment.The 2018 Newport Beach Film Festival Korean Spotlight is presented byand supported by,Admission to theFilm and theis $45.Post-screening party Only is $25.00/ Film screening Only is $20.00.The minimum age for attendees is 21 years old.For ticket information and updates visit www.NewportBeachFilmFest.com Celebrated as one of the leading lifestyle film festivals in the United States, the Newport Beach Film Festival seeks to bring to Orange County the best of classic and contemporary filmmaking from around the world. Committed to enlightening the public with a first-class international film program, a forum for cultural understanding and enriching educational opportunities, the NBFF focuses on showcasing a diverse collection of studios and independent films from around the globe. The 19th annual Newport Beach Film Festival runs April 26 - May 3 and will spotlight over 350 films from around the world. The Newport Beach Film Festival presented by Pacific Sales, is sponsored in part by Tito's Handmade Vodka, Karma Automotive, Fashion Island, Compass Real Estate and the City of Newport Beach.www.NewportBeachFilmFest.com###Cory RansomQuartararo & Associates (Q&A)Cory@QandAMarketing(818) 497-7750Name: Sophia NooryEmail: korean.spotlight@newportbeachfilmfest.comPhone: 408-705-6688Please email for a discount code.Trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-Z-Mw4dkA0
PITTSBURG — In 2014, then 22-year-old Brian Adams visited the sidewalk memorial of a close friend who had been shot and killed there days earlier. He brought with him a pistol, and would later tell police he'd been having nightmares and anxiety attacks since his friend's death.
It was around 5:30 a.m. on Nov. 4, 2014, when Adams noticed a car he said had gone around the block once before. He told an acquaintance the driver was “mean mugging” him, and pulled out his gun, firing 7-10 shots, according to witnesses. The driver, 18-year-old Jose Pedroza-Corzo, was struck by bullets and killed.
Police say there was no connection between the two men.
In January, nearly two years after he was ordered to stand trial on a murder charge — Adams accepted a plea deal, agreeing to serve a prison sentence of 25 years to life in exchange for pleading guilty to murder. His case was officially wrapped up with a restitution hearing in late May, but new previously unreported details have now emerged.
The previously unreported story behind Pedroza-Corzo's death, and the killing days earlier of Adams' friend, 19-year-old Dominique “D'Mo” Thomas, were revealed in court records Bay Area News Group obtained this week. At the center is a Pittsburg street gang known as “Dime Block,” which authorities say was known for attacking anyone it believed was a rival gang member entering its turf, including in one case, an undercover cop.
It all started on the evening of Oct. 29, 2014, when Thomas was shot and killed near the intersection of West and West 11th streets in Pittsburg. Adams was present during the shooting, and would later describe it to a psychologist who interviewed him in jail.
Witnesses would later say that Adams appeared extremely distraught when he realized Thomas had been shot and that the two were “closer than brothers.”
“It felt not real,” Adams said, according to records. “He was trying to breathe. I've been around gunshots. Never thought I would see that.”
In the days following the shooting, Adams told the psychologist: “I didn't feel safe…my head wasn't right. I would cry when I saw his picture. It sucked the life out of me.” He said he began drinking and taking several Xanax pills at a time “to cope with the stress.”
Police arrested Pittsburg resident Aaron Robinson, 28, in connection with Thomas' killing. He was tried on a murder charge in December 2016, but jurors convicted him of a lesser offense, manslaughter. In 2017 he was sentenced to 10 years in prison with credit for time served and is appealing his case.
According to a police gang expert who testified during Adams' preliminary hearing, both Adams and Thomas were associated with the Dime Block. He said the gang started in the 1990s and had taken control of a section of West 10th Street in Pittsburg, and rivaled with a gang in Antioch that was tied to Robinson.
Adams' family denied that he was a gang member, and that he got a 10th Street tattoo on his body because he was raised in the area, not to signify gang membership as police alleged. Adams told the psychologist in addition to witnessing his close friend's violent death, he had been in a serious car 2011 crash and remained in a body case for days afterward, been shot at, and witnessed two homicides when he was 12 years old. He said he had severe trauma and that loud noises — like the sound of jail inmates playing handball — gave him anxiety.
Six days after Thomas was killed, Adams had an acquaintance drive him to a memorial that had been erected at the site of Thomas' death. While there, he reportedly became angry when he saw Pedroza-Corzo's car, and shot at it, killing him. Adams and the acquaintance — who testified to having almost no recollection of the event — were seen running from the scene.
Fearing retaliation, Pittsburg police began conducting undercover surveillance of the area, and it almost went badly. Pittsburg police Det. Charles Blazer, a gang expert, testified that hours after Pedroza-Corzo was killed, he and other undercover officers working in the area were accosted by another Dime Block member, armed with a gun, whom they immediately arrested. The member later apologized to police, Blazer said.
“He said if he had known we were police officers he would not have done that,” Blazer testified at Adams' preliminary hearing. “He thought we were rivals coming into his territory to hurt one of his members.”
Blazer testified the gang had been linked to a 2013 fatal shooting reportedly over gang turf, as well as an incident where several “OGs,” in the gang had threatened an off-duty policeman as he shopped at the Sun Valley Mall in Concord with three young children. He said the gang had at least 15-20 members and its mantra was based around what Blazer called “the three R's…Revenue, respect, revenge.”
“The mere fact (Thomas) was a Dime Block gang member in Dime Block territory even furthered the need for revenge and respect to be gained,” Blazer testified.
BRUSSELS The euro zone economy started the year with robust growth that outstripped that of the United States and set the stage for a strong 2017, preliminary estimates showed on Wednesday.
The improving economy may weaken the eurosceptic parties that have gained ground in several European Union states over the past years, many of which have denounced the poor state of their economies and called for ditching the euro and returning to national currencies.
The gross domestic product of the 19-country euro zone bloc grew by 0.5 percent on the quarter in the first quarter, which translates to annualised growth of 1.8 percent in all of 2017, the European statistics agency Eurostat said.
The preliminary euro zone figure is much higher than the 0.7 percent annualised growth recorded in the United States in the same quarter, the weakest performance since the first quarter of 2014, according to U.S. estimates.
The weaker performance of the U.S. economy was a blow for the administration of Donald Trump, who has promised strong growth with a protectionist agenda.
The contrasting data from the U.S. and the euro zone may weaken the French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, who is calling for tariff barriers to protect the French economy. She faces free-trade supporter Emmanuel Macron in a May 7 runoff, which polls show Macron is likely to win.
In a further sign of a healthier recovery of the euro zone, Eurostat raised to 0.5 percent from 0.4 percent its figures on growth in the fourth quarter of 2016. The year-on-year estimate for the last quarter was also revised up, to 1.8 percent from the previous 1.7 percent.
Political risks, however, still represent a possible drag on euro zone growth.
"The economy is proving to be resilient to uncertainty both abroad and at home. Bar a surprise at the French elections on Sunday, euro zone growth is set for a strong 2017," warned Bert Colijn, senior economist at ING.
Eurosceptic parties are also on the rise in Italy, the euro zone's third-largest economy, which may hold general elections in the coming months. No date is set, but they would come no later than next May.
Eurostat did not break down the components of the GDP growth, but economists expected it was led mostly by domestic consumption and business investment.
Weaker domestic demand might reduce the pace of the expansion in the coming quarters as consumer prices rise.
"There remains the possibility that growth could be hampered by consumers being more reluctant to spend as their purchasing power is squeezed by overall higher inflation and limited wage growth in most countries," Howard Archer, chief European economist at IHS Markit said.
First estimates released in April show inflation in the 19-country currency bloc was 1.9 percent year-on-year in April, up from 1.5 percent in March and just short of the four-year high of 2.0 percent recorded in February.
But euro zone inflation figures continue to fluctuate. Data on industrial producer prices, also released by Eurostat on Wednesday, showed a marked slowdown in March.
Producer prices fell 0.3 percent in March and year-on-year growth slowed to 3.9 percent from February's 4.5 percent, which was the highest in more than five years.
"It seems that the slowdown in producer price inflation largely reflected energy effects, which should continue to bear down on producer and consumer price inflation over the rest of the year," said Jack Allen, European economist at Capital Economics, noting that the ambivalent figures are likely to leave the European Central Bank's stimulus programme unchanged this year.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio @fraguarascio and Philip Blenkinsop, editing by Larry King)
Actors live a different life in front of the camera. Their real life differs from their reel life. Yasir Hussain is the new rising star of Pakistan's film industry well known for his comic roles. He is a VJ, an actor and a writer. His debut movie was “Karachi se Lahore” in which he played the role of “Moti” and got his name recognized as one the fine names of the industry.
Here are a few fun facts about Yasir Hussain to help you know him better:
A BIG TALENTED FAMILY:
Yasir Hussain has a big family. He has 12 siblings and he is the youngest one. He always used his elder siblings used things. He used his one-year older sister's course books in school and still wears his elder brothers' clothes. According to him, this increases love between the siblings. Talent is in his family's blood. One of his sister is a singer, who lives in Dubai and one of his brother is a scriptwriter.
AN INTROVERT CHILD:
Yasir Hussain who is well known for his out spoken nature was a quiet and reserved kid. He was self-restrained and did not like to communicate with people. He became mischievous in the 6th grade. He loved giving nick names to the people. The funniest name he had ever given was” AFGHANI PERHA” to a girl of her area who had a very fair skin.
LOVES TO READ:
Yasir Shah's live-by phrase is, “Books are a man's best friend.” He is an avid reader. Most of the things he has learnt about acting and script writing is through books. He has always had a “book reading” environment in his home.
SERIOUS PERSONALITY:
Yasir Hussain actually has a serious personality. He loves to be quiet most of the time. He finds his friends funnier than him. He never minds if anybody makes fun of him. According to him, people make fun of those who is successful.
CAREER ORIENTED:
Although, Yasir Hussain looks like a carefree person but he is in fact, a career oriented person. He wanted to be an actor since childhood. He started his acting career by performing in theaters in Islamabad. He had also done a script writing course. His aim is to be successful in this industry.
FITNESS FREAK:
We have seen Yasir Hussain as a fat, chubby man in his movies but he actually is a fitness freak. For his first movie's character he gained up-to 96 Kgs weight to match the character. After that, he followed a strict diet routine in which he was not allowed to eat chapatti and rice. He ate salad in breakfast, pearl millet's (Bajra) chapatti in lunch and dinner with oil free dishes. His transformation is fitness goals for many people.
DESIRABLE BACHELOR:
Well ladies, Yasir Hussain is still single. Who does not want a funny and a good looking husband? But, you have to wait, as he is not ready to mingle yet. He has some goals to achieve. However, he believes in “LOVE MARRIAGE”, so there still is a chance lady.
FAVOURITE ACTRESS:
Yasir Hussain has so many favorite actresses but his all-time favorite is Sri Devi. He got disappointed when he saw her husband Boney Kapoor for the very first time.
FAVOURITE BODY FEATURE:
Yasir Hussain loves women with beautiful eyes. Saba Qamar, Sajjal Ali, Kubra are his favorite Pakistani actresses.
UPCOMING PROJECTS:
Well people, you will watch this handsome hunk soon in his new movies. His upcoming movies are Band Toh Ab Baje Ga, Arth 2 and Senti Aur Mental. We wish him good luck for his future endeavors.
Comments
comments
Friends of two teenage boys who died after they were swept away in flash flooding in Auckland's Waitakere Ranges yesterday have taken to social media to remember them.
A group of five teenage boys were swimming near the Cascade Falls when heavy rain hit and lead to the deaths of the 17-year-old's.
Flash flooding around 4:15pm yesterday caused the group of men, all 17-year-olds to try and get onto some rocks on one side of the stream near Cascade Falls, however police say the water continued to rise and the boys soon were in trouble.
The body of Sosi Turagaiviu, of Massey, was found by a member of the public in the water under a bridge on Bethells Road, near Te Henga Road.
An hour later, around 7.50pm, the body of Mitch Woolley, from Waitakere, was located by search and rescue teams near where the group was swimming.
One friend stated Sosi was a "brother that was always there" for him 24/7.
"RIP to my best friend and my brother," he stated.
"When I got in trouble in the rain you came running in the rain with an umbrella just to see if I was OK.
"The best brother."
Another remembered going on Year 13 camp with Mitch and shared "many laughs" and had "so much fun."
"Fly high, love and prayers go out to the families and friends."
Inspector Fata Willi Fanene, Duty Inspector for Waitakere, said the group decided to get to the other side where their car was parked but three people were swept away in rough conditions.
"One of the teenagers who had got themselves to safety ran to the nearby golf course to call for help," Inspector Fata Willi Fanene explained.
"He had mild hypothermia and was transported to Waitakere Hospital for treatment.
"Police received the call for assistance at 5:15pm, and emergency services, including the Westpac Rescue Helicopter, immediately responded.
"One of the trio managed to grab onto a tree on the bank of the stream, and was eventually winched to safety by the Westpac Rescue Helicopter about 7:15pm."
Intense footage supplied to 1 NEWS by the Auckkand Rescue Helicopter Trust shows the rescue helicopter hovering over the river as crew members organise and set up safety equipment to rescue the man.
At around 7.15pm, Pilot Rob Arrowsmith located the man, who was found waste deep in water, unable to move with fast flowing currents on either side of him.
Crewman Ati Wynyard winch-inserted Intensive Care Paramedic Russell "Rusty"Clark into position to extract the man out of the water.
The man suffered multiple abrasions, was cold and fatigued.
"We have been talking to the families of the victims of this tragic incident, and we are ensuring they are supported through what is an incredibly trying time," Inspector Fata Willi Fanene said.
"We are also making sure the three other young men who were caught up in this event are looked after, as this has been a very traumatic experience for them and their families.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Textured Soybean Protein Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143463/request-sample
Textured Soybean Protein market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Textured Soybean Protein Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Textured Soybean Protein industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Textured Soybean Protein Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Textured Soybean Protein market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-textured-soybean-protein-market-professional-survey-report-143463.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Textured Soybean Protein market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Textured Soybean Protein market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Textured Soybean Protein industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Textured Soybean Protein market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
They have not yet done it, but according to AZCentral Sports' Kent Somers, the Arizona Cardinals will exercise the fifth-year contract option on left tackle D.J. Humphries.
Humphries, the Cardinals' first-round draft pick in 2015, is entering the fourth and final year of his rookie deal, but NFL teams can exercise a fifth-year option on players taken in the first round. It gives them a significant pay increase.
Arizona has until May 3 to officially pick up the extra year on Humphries' contract.
In doing so, Humphries will be signed through 2019. His salary in 2019 will jump to more than $9.6 million.
Humphries has yet to play a full NFL season and did not appear in a game his rookie year. In 2016, he started at right tackle until Jared Veldheer got hurt. He moved to left tackle, played well and then saw his season end with a concussion. He only played in five games in 2017 because of two knee injuries.
He is expected to be completely healthy before the season begins.
The move to exercise the option is completely expected. Humphries has shown he is a very talented left tackle. On the open market as a free agent, he would command much more than what he will earn in 2019.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
(Adds background on case, paragraphs 4-12)
By Andrew Chung
WASHINGTON, April 3 The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday agreed to consider reviving litigation seeking to hold Arab Bank Plc financially liable for militant attacks in Israel and the Palestinian territories that accused the Jordan-based bank of being the "paymaster" to militant groups.
The justices agreed to hear an appeal by roughly 6,000 plaintiffs, who included relatives of non-U.S. citizens killed in such attacks and survivors of the incidents, of a lower court ruling throwing out the litigation.
The plaintiffs accused Arab Bank under a U.S. law called the Alien Tort Statute of deliberately financing terrorism, including suicide bombings and other attacks. They are hoping to overturn a 2015 New York federal appeals court ruling that the bank could not be sued under the statute because it is a corporation.
The Alien Tort Statute, a law dating back to 1789, lets non-U.S. citizens seek damages in U.S. courts for human rights violations abroad. The lead plaintiff in the case is Joseph Jesner, whose British citizen son was killed at age 19 in a 2002 suicide bombing of a bus in Tel Aviv.
The plaintiffs filed several lawsuits under the law in Brooklyn federal court, claiming Arab Bank used its New York branch to transfer money and "serve as a 'paymaster' for international terrorists."
The transfers helped Hamas and other groups fund attacks and reward families of the perpetrators between 1995 and 2005, the suits alleged.
The bank said in court papers that the U.S. government has called it a constructive partner in the fight against terrorism financing. The bank said only four transactions out of 500,000 involved "designated terrorists" by the U.S. government, and they were the result of machine or human error.
The bank also cited a separate 2010 case, Kiobel v Royal Dutch Petroleum, in which the New York-based 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that corporations cannot be sued under the Alien Tort Statute.
After reviewing that case, the Supreme Court in 2013 narrowed the law's reach, saying claims must sufficiently "touch and concern" the United States to overcome the presumption that the Alien Tort Statute does not cover foreign conduct.
But the high court declined to explicitly decide whether the 2nd Circuit ruling on corporate liability was correct.
Based on the Kiobel ruling, the 2nd Circuit threw out the litigation against Arab Bank.
The plaintiffs appealed to the Supreme Court, urging it to decide once and for all whether or not corporations are shielded over foreign conduct. (Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Will Dunham)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
The stage for FIFA President Gianni Infantino is seen before a news conference after a FIFA Council in Zurich, Switzerland, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH FIFA has completed a 22-month internal inquiry into allegations of high-level corruption and criminal misconduct that buffeted world football and handed its report to Swiss authorities, football's ruling body said on Friday.
"FIFA will now return its focus to the game, for fans and players throughout the world," said FIFA President Gianni Infantino, elected last year to replace Sepp Blatter, who is under criminal investigation in Switzerland.
In a statement, FIFA said that more than 2.5 million documents were reviewed during the investigation and that the report it shared with Swiss authorities ran to 1,300 pages and included more than 20,000 pages of "exhibits", or documentation.
The investigation began after several dozen football officials, mainly from Latin America, were indicted in the United States in 2015 on corruption-related charges, sparking the worst crisis in FIFA's 113-year history.
Some of the suspects have pleaded guilty and await sentencing, others face trial and some are in their native countries where they are fighting, or have avoided, extradition.
FIFA said its report would also be made available to U.S. investigators.
In Switzerland, the attorney general's office has begun criminal proceedings against Blatter and former FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke on suspicion of offences including criminal mismanagement
“FIFA is committed to conducting a thorough and comprehensive investigation of the facts so we could hold wrongdoers within football accountable and cooperate with the authorities,” Infantino said in the FIFA statement.
Swiss prosecutors "will continue to pursue those who enriched themselves and abused their positions of trust in football", he added.
The statement from Zurich-based FIFA gave no further details and said that, because of the criminal inquiries under way, it was "legally restricted from releasing or commenting on the findings from its internal investigation".
The Swiss Attorney General's office confirmed in a statement that it had received the report and said it "appreciates the preliminary exchange of information and FIFA's close and consistent cooperation".
Blatter has been banned for six years and Valcke for 10 by FIFA's own ethics committee. Both have denied wrongdoing and Valcke has appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS). Blatter has already lost an appeal at CAS.
In September, FIFA opened a new ethics investigation into Blatter, Valcke and former finance director Markus Kattner
for possible violations including bribery and corruption.
FIFA said then that the allegations were in the context of salaries and bonuses paid to the three.
(Writing by Brian Homewood,; editing by Mark Heinrich and Ed Osmond)
45 Mortgage professionals have been recognized as the movers and shakers of the mortgage world
Contact
Katrina Ricarte
***@keymedia.com Katrina Ricarte
End
--magazine has just released its annual Hot List report, featuring 45 of the most outstanding mortgage professionals in the country leading the way in the field.From brokering major deals and acquisitions to launching new businesses, the individuals included on this year's Hot List managed to not just survive but thrive amidst the changes in the mortgage industry."It was a turbulent year for the Canadian mortgage industry but these brokers managed to thrive and continue to stay on top of their game," said Kimberly Banks,journalist. "This report features 45 brokers who found creative ways to push industry boundaries, embrace technology, and fund a high level of quality deals, earning them a spot in this year's Hot List."The full report is in issue 12.01 ofout now. The list is also available online at http://www.whichmortgage.ca/leading-mortgage-professionals/cmp-hot-list-2017/, published by Key Media International, is Canada's leading independent magazine for mortgage brokers and professionals. With over 10,000 copies being distributed every month, it provides the latest news, developments and changes that affect the industry along with dedicated sales and marketing features that enable Canadian mortgage brokers to further develop their businesses.For more information, please contact:Katrina Ricarte
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Monday he would consider imposing stiffer sanctions on Russia amid the Syrian crisis, adding that Syria's future cannot include President Bashar al-Assad.
Trudeau said international allies must move towards achieving peace and stability in Syria without Assad, and he also hardened Canada's position against Russia, which backs Assad. He was speaking days after U.S. missile strikes on a Syrian airbase in retaliation for what the United States said was a chemical weapons attack by Assad's forces.
"I think Russia needs to be aware, made aware of its responsibility in the bloody actions last week by the Assad regime and therefore we are always open to working with our friends, allies and partners allies to send clear messages through sanctions and other means to Russia," Trudeau said.
Speaking to reporters at a military commemoration ceremony in France, Trudeau said Canada already has stiff sanctions against Russia and "we are always ready to strengthen those sanctions in concert with the international community."
Foreign ministers from the Group of Seven (G7) nations are meeting in Italy on Monday, eager to hear whether Washington is now committed to overthrowing Assad. They also want the United States to put pressure on Moscow to distance itself from Assad.
Trudeau said last week that Canada fully supported the U.S. missile strikes on April 7.
He told reporters in France that "there is no question the medium and long term future of a peaceful Syria no longer includes Bashar al-Assad," adding that there was no pure military solution to the crisis, but that a diplomatic effort must be part of the international strategy.
(Reporting by Andrea Hopkins in Ottawa; Editing by Frances Kerry)
Republicans got religion on information security during the 2016 campaign. But will they apply the same scrutiny to President Trump as they did to Candidate Hillary Clinton and her email server?
As The Post's Philip Bump notes, there are now several examples of Trump playing fast-and-loose with potentially sensitive information — the latest being the "open-air situation room" he conducted with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at a Mar-a-Lago on Saturday night, which David Fahrenthold details here. Trump has also left a key to classified information out in a secured bag as people without the proper security clearance were in the Oval Office. And then there's the viewing of documents at Mar-a-Lago using cellphone flashlights, which Bump notes can be used like "portable television satellite trucks" when they are compromised.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
May 2 Eastern Co
* Reports first quarter sales increase of 9% and earnings of $0.24 per share versus $0.10 per share in the first quarter of 2016
* Q1 earnings per share $0.24
* Q1 sales rose 9 percent to $36 million
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
Book signing for Way Down in the Hole at Greetings & Readings
Contact
Daniel Doll
***@greetingsandreadings.com Daniel Doll
End
-- The controversial former Baltimore police commissioner and current radio personality Ed Norris meets the public and signs copies of his new book at Greetings & Readings of Hunt Valley on Saturday, April 22, at 1 p.m.Ed Norris was the golden boy of law enforcement, a brash, larger-than-life figure with a taste for fine restaurants, bespoke clothing and fast motorcycles.Then it all came crashing down.An investigation into a little-known police expense account morphed into what many felt was a politically-motivated hit job by federal prosecutors. Corruption charges were spiced with lurid allegations of pricey dinners with women and gifts purchased at Victoria's Secret.Ed Norris protested his innocence, but landed in federal prison.A native of Brooklyn, New York, Ed began his career with the New York Police Department in 1980. Ed was recruited by Baltimore's mayor in 2000, and became Police Commissioner of the Baltimore Police Department. Under Ed's leadership and for the first time in more than a decade, the annual homicides total fell below 300. In 2002, Ed was appointed Maryland State Police Superintendent.Known for his role as Detective Ed Norris on HBO's critically-acclaimed series,, Ed also played an investigator in the 2009 film,. Currently, Ed is the co-host of the weekday morning Norris & Long Show on CBS WJZ-FM (105.7 The FAN) and is featured in news segments on WBFF Fox45 News.Meet Ed Norris, and pick up a signed copy ofto discover his side of the hellish ordeal that cost him his livelihood, reputation, health and marriage. To be signed, books must be purchased at Greetings & Readings. A receipt is required.Located in the Hunt Valley Towne Centre on Shawan Road, Greetings & Readings of Hunt Valley is Baltimore's premier independent gift store. With 30,000-square-feet of merchandise, Greetings & Readings houses a full book department, a huge selection of Baltimore Orioles fan gear, a Vera Bradley boutique, Tommy Bahama fashion, greeting cards and more. For more, visit http://www.greetingsandreadings.com
BOSTON, MA - DECEMBER 6: Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban reacts to a call during the second half against the Boston Celtics at TD Garden on December 6, 2017 in Boston, Massachusetts. The Celtics defeat the Mavericks 97-90. (Photo by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images)
MINNEAPOLIS -- Trying not to chalk this up to Mark Cuban being an ultra-optimistic owner, but he truly believes this pitiful start the Mavericks are going through right now is different from last year's pitiful start.
This time around, the Mavericks are floundering with most of their key pieces in working order, which sounds worse, although Cuban doesn't see it that way.
One of the reasons Cuban has a better feeling about this team than last year's is the relative health they have. Injuries to Andrew Bogut and Deron Williams, not to mention Dirk Nowitzki and J.J. Barea, contributed to last year's lousy start.
Which, of course, is one of the most difficult characteristics to acquire for a team with numerous young pieces.
“Not where we want to be, but there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it's not a train,” Cuban said. “We're playing better. It's sort of like where the T-Wolves were last year. We're competitive. We're getting leads against good teams. We just haven't figured out how to close out games. We've come a long way.”
He sees hope where there was none a year ago. And he believes firmly his team has more going for it than the version last season did. He equated the Mavericks' situation now to where Sunday's opponent, Minnesota, was last season.
Never mind that their record this season is identical to what it was after 27 games last season - 7-20.
“The way this season is, so many teams are competing,” Cuban said. “We get on one run and we're right there. We beat some good teams handily. It's not like we're getting blown out by 20 points every game.
“Last year, we went into it with Bogut and D-Will thinking we were competing for a playoff spot. And then everybody got hurt and that got dashed very quickly. Even then, after starting 3-17 or whatever, we made a run and got close to the playoffs.
“We'll get our run again this year, too. For fans that want to see us get better, the opportunity is going to be there. For fans that want Team Tank to get a draft pick, the league is a lot more balanced this year in both conferences.”
In other words, Cuban thinks there are plenty of victories out there for a team that now has found an identity and a playing rotation that works.
He's also hopeful that the Mavericks will have the sort of run like they did last season, when they went 16-13 from early December to early February.
What has gone unanswered so far for the Mavericks is why they have been so bad in the first two months for two consecutive seasons.
While injuries were a problem last year, this season they simply weren't ready to start the season with the sort of edge they need to compete.
Being in this deep of a hole less than a third of the way through the season puts a ton of pressure on the team to overachieve the rest of the way if they have any designs on being in the playoff picture at some point.
“This year, we started with a tough, tough, tough, tough schedule,” Cuban said. “We went from having no identity to now having a good rotation and getting in a rhythm, but just not having that close-out identity.
“Once we figure out who we're going to go to and how we want to do it, that'll be the next step. As our young guys get older, they'll learn. It's not like anybody's regressing.”
For better or worse, this season is progressing on a virtually identical path to last season. And for now, Cuban's one of the few who sees the glass as half-full.
Twitter: @ESefko
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
Interview with Kam Williams
Kim Fields is a veteran actress with an eminent household name, starring in two long – running series, ‘NBC's “Facts of Life” and Fox's “Living Single”. Both shows remain in worldwide syndication, consistently reinforcing her place as a global, pop culture icon.
As an esteemed and versatile performer, Fields has accumulated numerous starring and guest starring roles in TV movies and series, as well as independent feature films over her 40-year career, including “What To Expect When You're Expecting,” starring Jennifer Lopez and Cameron Diaz. In 2014, she starred in one of the Hallmark Channel's highest -rated movies, “For Better Or For Worse,” proving her endurance as a fan favorite and industry staple.
She has also returned to the stage several times for powerful performances in one-woman shows, as well as leading all-star casts in successful ensemble productions. The start of her next 40 years in showbiz finds Fields currently starring in the new British comedy series, “Living The Dream” for Sky TV. And she is thrilled to return to ABC for the exciting reboot of the hit “Battle of the Network Stars”.
But perhaps nothing is more thrilling for Fields these days than the fall release of her highly anticipated autobiography, “Blessed Life.” With arresting transparency, humor and chock full of many personal stories of joy, pain, triumphs, and challenges, as well as wonderfully-delightful tales of growing up in Hollywood.
Kam Williams: Hi Kim, thanks for the interview. I'm honored to have this chance to speak with you.
Kim Fields: Oh, right back atcha, Kam. Thank YOU!
KW: I was moved to tears by “A Question of Faith.” What interested you in the film
KF: After reading the role of Theresa Newman, I thought, ‘Wow! To breath life into this character would be a tremendous opportunity to stretch as an actor and to use some skill sets that I haven't for awhile and that people don't normally know me for.' That was my first reason for saying, ‘Yes.' And right on the heels of that were the movie's messages, and the way in which those messages were executed. It's relatable faith. you see people dialoguing the way that real people do. It's not so sanctified that you don't see people really struggling with their faith and with each other, because that's truly challenging.
KW: I loved how you and the rest of the cast disappeared into your roles.
KF: Thank you so much for that. One of your goals as an actor is to disappear. and as a person of faith, we always say, ‘Lord, let me diminish. Let me decrease, so you can increase.' I feel the same way as an actor. Let Kim decrease, so the character can increase. So, I'm extremely grateful for that observation and comment from you.
KW: You played Tootie for close to a decade between “Different Strokes” and “The Facts of Life.” Do you think you were typecast by playing such an iconic role for so long?
KF: Not at all. I never felt typecast. I've done many different types of projects, some even while playing Tootie, whether TV movies, on the stage or independent features.
KW: You've directed before. Have you thought about directing a film in which you also star?
KF: Absolutely! I think of that often. It keeps me up sometimes. I even have a camera in my bedroom. In the near future, I hope to adapt my collection of short stories, “When Bad Women Happen to Good Men,” into a script, and then play one, if not all, of the women featured. I love the world of independent films and hope to be a part of someday.
KW: You were once arrested for protesting the police shooting of a Black woman. I could see you playing Trayvon Martin's mother in a docudrama about his killing. Are you still interested in that as an issue?
KF: Oh, very much so. In fact, I'm in the midst of creating and launching a social initiative around that and much more. Activism and social awareness have always been a part of who I am, and even more so now as the mother of African-American boys and the wife of an African-American man. A concern for them and for everyone is in the fabric of my DNA. And it's important to me to that my voice not just regurgitate complaints but offer solutions, which calls for a little more strategizing. I'm not interested in stirring the pot simply for the sake of stirring the pot. At some point, we have to change the ingredients, if we want a different taste. That's the type of citizen and leader I am.
KW: What did you think of President Donald Trump's waffling response to Charlottesville in which he suggested there were good and bad Nazis?
KF: I have a tweet pinned to my refrigerator regarding leadership which I think can apply to many leaders which reads something like, “When do we stop looking for our leaders to change, rather than change leadership.”
KW: I know you were born in New York. Do you have any memories of the city before your family moved to Los Angeles?
KF: Yes. I grew up in Harlem, right across from St. Nicholas Park. The early part of my upcoming autobiography is devoted to my childhood in Harlem. And its subtitle is “From Harlem to Hollywood.” I still have an affinity for Harlem and live there now. I moved back a decade or so ago. Harlem informs a great deal of who I am as a global citizen, as an artist and performer, and as a wannabe historian.
KW: Ling-Ju Yen asks: What is your earliest childhood memory?
KF: The black-and-white checkered tiles on the steps going up to my grandmother's apartment on St. Nicholas Avenue just before 145th Street, heading uptown. She was a dancer at the Savoy. She was part of Billy Eckstine's nightclub act. She was also one of Pearl Bailey's dancers. There's a rich history there.
KW: What is your favorite dish to cook?
KF: Lasagna.
KW: When you look in the mirror, what do you see?
KF: It depends on when I look. Right now, I'm camera ready, so I look fabulous! [LOL]
KW: The Viola Davis question: What's the biggest difference between who you are at home as opposed to the person we see on the red carpet?
KF: Probably that I have some version of a Spanx on. [Laughs some more]
KW: If you could have one wish instantly granted, what would that be for?
KF: Social listening and peace.
KW: The Uduak Oduok question: Who is your favorite clothes designer?
KF: I'm a fan of Massimo. Let me be clear, the Massimo line in Target. [Laughs] And I'm always at The Gap. I love their jeans.
KW: Harriet Pakula-Teweles asks: With so many classic films being redone, is there a remake you'd like to star in?
KF: Oh my goodness! Suddenly, Last Summer.
KW: The Tavis Smiley question: How do you want to be remembered?
KF: I just don't want to be forgotten. That's a start! [Laughs heartily]
KW: Finally, Samuel L. Jackson asks: What's in your wallet?
KF: My driver's license, library card, bank cards, insurance card and my beloved Metro card. Real basic. [LOL]
KW: Thanks again for the time, Kim, and I hope we can speak again when your autobiography comes out.
KF: Sounds like a plan, Kam. Thanks!
To see a trailer for A Question of Faith, visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StNvFjirQks
ZURICH, March 30 Activist investor RBR Capital Advisors will scrap its attempt to revamp GAM Holding if it does not get enough shareholder backing at the Swiss asset manager's annual general meeting, the hedge fund said on Thursday.
"If we don't get the support at the AGM for the plan, I think shareholders will have to live with another plan"," RBR founder and Chief Investment Officer Rudolf Bohli said in a conference call with investors.
GAM's AGM is due to take place on April 27. The size of RBR's stake in GAM is closer to 5 percent than 3 percent, Bohli said.
The Swiss fund wants GAM to cut 353 back office jobs to help lower costs by 100 million Swiss francs ($100.4 million) annually, and has proposed to elect Kasia Robinski as chairwoman, William Raynar as a board member and Bohli on its board of directors. It also wants to replace current Chief Executive Alexander Friedman.
($1 = 0.9961 Swiss francs)
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin)
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. He studies evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," he says.
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told him about the findings of the study, he laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
NEW YORK Wells Fargo & Co's (WFC.N) the largest investor, Warren Buffett, has likely already voted his shares to support the bank's recommendations at its contentious annual shareholder meeting next week, a representative told Reuters on Wednesday, which include reinstating most of the board's directors.
The prominent billionaire's conglomerate, Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N), owns nearly 10 percent of Wells Fargo and Buffett personally owns shares as well. Many investors follow Buffett's lead because of his decades-long track record of profitable investments.
Wells Fargo, the fourth-largest U.S. bank, has for months been embroiled in a scandal that involves thousands of former employees creating as many as 2 million accounts in customers' names without their permission.
The matter has already subsumed former Chief Executive John Stumpf, who resigned in October. Now the board, whose members include new CEO Tim Sloan, is facing opposition in the shareholder vote next week after proxy advisers recommended rejecting many of them.
Buffett's assistant, Debbie Bosanek, told Reuters that Buffett supports management and the board, and that he has likely voted shares held by him and Berkshire to reflect that view. Berkshire held nearly 10 percent of Wells Fargo's outstanding shares as of year-end, but has decided to sell some to avoid breaching the 10 percent threshold that would require special regulatory permission.
Wells Fargo Chief Executive Tim Sloan recently told The Wall Street Journal that Buffett would support the board, but Buffett had not confirmed Sloan's statement until now.
(This version of the story corrects Reuters Instrument Code to tag story to Wells Fargo & Co instead of Wayfair Inc)
(Reporting by Dan Freed; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and Sam Holmes)
Police have launched a new onslaught on drug dealers in south east Antrim as the number of arrests increased by almost a fifth.
Much of the trade in the Newtownabbey and Antrim areas involves cannabis and the number of seizures of illicit substances has risen, PSNI Superintendent Emma Bond said.
She added: "We have had an increase in drugs figures for the district over the past year.
"Drug seizures and arrests have both gone up.
"Ultimately that is due to the pro-activity of our local officers.
"This is work in education for the community to be a bit more vigilant and hopefully ... we can increase the statistics."
She said the number of arrests year-on-year had risen by around 20%.
Police launched an initiative called Silent Guardian, encouraging people to report suspected drug dealing to officers or the Crimestoppers charity anonymously.
Supt Bond added: "Part of the reason for Silent Guardian is that we are not necessarily convinced that we are as well informed as we would like to be or communities believe that we are around the issue of drugs.
"We would be hopeful that by providing them with information around the types of things that we would like them to tell us, that that information will be forthcoming."
Detective constable Claire Gilbert said the operation was aimed at helping the public to think outside the box and was not pinpointed at anybody.
A loyalist feud which led to the shooting dead of George Gilmore in Carrickfergus in March has been ongoing for months.
In recent times, a dispute between loyalist factions in Carrickfergus has exploded into violence. Mr Gilmore, 44, was shot in a ruthless attack in broad daylight.
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has said the feud involves two factions of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) paramilitary group.
May 2 General Electric Co:
* General Electric Co- announced an order from AE Energia for fast, digital power in Angola Source text: (bit.ly/2pDWtvJ) Further company coverage:
A big push by Auckland mayor Phil Goff to improve the city's beaches and water quality is being put to the test in the inner city suburbs of Herne Bay and St Marys Bay.
Goff is on the cusp of securing a $452 million boost to clean up beaches and harbours in his 10-year budget today - the same day a public meeting is being held to discuss a $44 million water improvement project.
The St Marys Bay/Masefield Beach project is designed to quickly improve water quality after visible signs of pollution at Westhaven in 2015 were tracked to wastewater and stormwater overflows from the cliff-side suburb.
The issues have taken time to emerge but for the sake of a bit of time we might get a more cohesive outcome SHARE THIS QUOTE:
Local residents are keeping an open mind about drilling a wastewater and stormwater storage tunnel under houses built on the cliff face at St Marys Bay to Pt Erin where the water will be pumped to a main sewer or discharged into the harbour west of the Harbour Bridge.
Advertisement
They do, however, have a number of issues with the project and how it fits alongside other projects to improve water quality in the inner suburbs, including a plan to separate the combined wastewater and stormwater system in Herne Bay and St Marys Bay.
Stormwater diluted with wastewater could be pumped into the Waitemata Harbour near the Harbour Bridge.
"We have got the same goals and outcomes as Auckland Council's Healthy Waters. We want to improve water quality as quickly as possible. It's a question of the path we travel to get there," says David Abbott, of the St Marys Bay Association.
Abbott and Herne Bay Residents' Association member Dirk Hudig are not convinced the project dovetails with another water project to build a tunnel from Grey Lynn to Western Springs where a giant storage tunnel costing $1 billion will run to the Mangere wastewater treatment plant.
The Grey Lynn to Western Springs tunnel is expected to reduce the number of outfalls in the western inner city from 42 to 10, and reduce overflows from the 10 outfalls from more than 50 times a year to two-to-six within 10 years.
Abbott and Hudig - who are also members of the Stop Auckland Sewage Overflows Coalition - believe the council is galloping off to spend $44m when they don't know if it will deliver the promised benefits. They want an independent peer review of the project.
The number of outfalls in the inner western suburbs and overflows could be reduced. Photo / Dean Purcell
"The issues have taken time to emerge but for the sake of a bit of time we might get a more cohesive outcome," Abbott said.
The council declined to make anyone available to answer issues raised by Abbott and Hudig, saying "the regulatory process is under way and given that we have already received submissions we cannot provide additional information as the consent application has to stand alone".
Submissions on the St Marys Bay project close on June 19.
For more details on the project click here.
Global Industrial Communication Market: Overview
The rapid developments in the field of science and technology are expected to aid the expansion of the global industrial communication market over the forecast period. Industrial communication systems allow us to integrate data networks that are highly futuristic.
The report includes key information about the major trends, restraints, growth drivers, and opportunities in the global industrial communication market. The market forecasts, supply and demand ratio, Porter's five force analysis, value chain analysis, and key segments of the market are discussed in the report. The report also reveals the prominent recent developments in the competitive landscape, the market shares held by the major firms, and the business strategies adopted by them.
Global Industrial Communication Market: Trends and Opportunities
Increasing adoption of IoT, growing need for interconnectivity between various devices and sharing of data, necessity of increasing safety and productivity are some of the key growth drivers of the global industrial communication market. The increased adoption of the IoT is likely to make considerable changes in the way different products are manufactured, developed, transported, and distributed. Growing number of end-user industries such as aerospace, transportation and automotive, defense, paper, cement, electrical and electronics, energy and power, pharmaceutical, oil and gas, food and beverages, mining, glass, fabrication or engineering, water and wastewater, and chemicals and fertilizers will benefit the market for industrial communication.
The key communication protocols such as industrial Ethernet, wireless communication, and Fieldbus can be the major segments of the industrial communication market. Of these, the Fieldbus protocol appears to present significant prospects, owing to its widespread adoption in key process industries. Fieldbus has a strong hold particularly in the emerging economies such as India, Japan, and China. It is likely to present extensive opportunities as they are able to integrate with wireless devices, increasing the level of efficiency.
Brochure For Recent Industry Insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19847
Besides Fieldbus, Ethernet is also expected to witness an upsurge in demand as it is steadily becoming popular due to its better performance outputs when compared to other systems. This can be attributed to the enhanced bandwidth capacity, increased network coverage, and increased transmission efficiency. The increasing deployment of this protocol in the industrial robot market is also responsible for the promised growth of this segment.
The wireless protocol segment might also undergo tremendous growth during the forecast period, displaying a favorable CAGR. Increased usage of standardized wireless technologies such as Bluetooth technology and wireless WLAN will contribute towards growth.
Download and View Report TOC, Figures and Tables https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=19847
Global Industrial Communication Market: Regional Outlook
Based on geography, the global market for industrial communication can be segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, and the Rest of the World. The countries of Asia Pacific, being some of the major global producers of consumer electronics, are expected to drive the demand for industrial communication. Also, emerging economies such as India, China, and Japan have become hubs for large scale automotive production, boosting the growth further.
Companies Mentioned in the Report
The major companies operating in the global Emerson Electric Company, Texas Instruments Incorporated, General Electric, Schneider Electric SE, TE Connectivity Ltd, Infineon Technologies AG, Siemens AG, and Rockwell Automation, Inc. Several market players are concentrating their energies on product development through increased investments in research and development activities.
NEW DELHI, April 12 Indian state-run oil companies will give preference to local firms for procuring goods and services, a government statement said on Wednesday, as the south Asian nation looks to boost its industrial growth by increasing local demand.
Under the five-year policy approved by the Indian cabinet, goods and service providers who meet the local content targets and whose quoted price is within 10 percent of the lowest valid price bid would be eligible for preference.
(Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan, editing by David Evans)
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran will bring his unique brand of music to Austin City Limits to kick off the show's 43rd season on PBS, on Oct. 7.
Related: Ed Sheeran's Girlfriend Cherry Inspired ‘Perfect'
Today Sheeran shared the performance of his hit single “Shape of You” from the program.
The Pretenders, Zac Brown Band, Angel Olsen and Benjamin Booker, Miranda Lambert and Norah Jones are also slated to take the ACL stage in this season.
Check out “Shape of You” below.
Photo: Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while her sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and her fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music. Over the weekend, however, Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London.
Related: Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘The Trick to Holding On'
Her headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “Blank Space” and “Shake It Off” from the former. From the latter, Taylor performed “Gorgeous,” “Look What You Made Me Do” and “…Ready For It?” For good measure, Swift threw in a solo rendition of her duet with Zayn Malik: “I Don't Wanna Live Forever.”
The performance followed almost a month after her November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live. Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne.
Watch Taylor perform “Ready For It,” “Gorgeous” and “Look What You Made Me Do” below:
With the arrival of very cold weather over the past weekend and the likelihood of more to come over the winter, NHS Choices has advice on keeping warm and keeping well.
The information below is part of the NHS Choices Live Well section.
March 30 Ardepro Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to buy a building in Tokyo
* Says the acquisition is not disclosed
* Says the settlement to be done before the end day of May
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/2M3ki3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 2 Aurum Pacific China Group Ltd:
* Expected to record a substantial increase in unaudited consolidated net loss for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Expected result due to recognition of estimated changes in fair value of consideration payable for business combination of about hk$2.5 million
* Sees increase in loss for quarter also due to rise in administrative expenses Source text: [bit.ly/2qzE2W8] Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: The dome of the U.S. Capitol is seen in Washington September 25, 2012. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File photo
WASHINGTON The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday passed a $1.2 trillion spending bill to fund the government through September and avoid federal agency shutdowns on Saturday when existing money is depleted.
With the 309-118 vote in the Republican-controlled chamber, the legislation now goes to the Senate, which is expected to pass it before a midnight Friday deadline.
The Pentagon is a big winner in the legislation, with defense spending rising significantly.
While the bill cleared the House easily, dozens more Democrats voted for it than Republicans, many of whom oppose most spending measures.
This was the first major legislation to pass the House this year with bipartisan support and marks Republican President Donald Trump's first legislative victory, even though he railed against some of its provisions.
The legislation bulks up federal funding for border security but does not pay for starting construction on a U.S.-Mexico border wall that Trump promised to keep out illegal immigrants and drugs.
Trump had said he would make Mexico pay for the wall, but the Mexican government refused, making it necessary for the new administration to ask Congress for the money.
Democrats and many Republicans have argued that a wall is an ineffective and wasteful way of securing the southern border.
Another battle over the barrier is expected when Congress tries to pass a spending bill for the fiscal year starting Oct. 1.
Trump already has begun focusing on that upcoming fight. In a tweet on Tuesday, he taunted lawmakers, saying, "Our country needs a good 'shutdown' in September to fix mess!"
The legislation would add $12.5 billion this fiscal year for the Pentagon, with another $2.5 billion available after Trump gives details on his plans for defeating the Islamic State militant group.
It ignores many of the spending cuts on domestic programs the White House had sought and adds $2 billion for the National Institutes of Health, $295 million for Puerto Rico's underfunded Medicaid healthcare for the poor and $407 million to fight fires in Western states.
But the legislation is late in coming. The fiscal year began last Oct. 1 and for the last seven months federal agencies have been operating mainly on simple extensions of the previous year's funding and the priorities that came with that.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
The suspect faces potential criminal charges after the Bank of Nova Scotia was robbed Monday.
Kelowna RCMP have a man in custody for allegedly robbing a bank this week in downtown Kelowna.
The suspect faces potential criminal charges after the Bank of Nova Scotia, in the 400 block of Bernard Avenue, was robbed shortly after 12 noon on Monday.
“After reviewing the banks video surveillance footage captured of the robbery, investigators were able to positively identify their suspect as a 31-year-old Kelowna man,” states RCMP Cpl. Jesse O'Donaghey.
Kelowna RCMP apprehended the suspect in the early hours of Tuesday morning when general duty officers responded to a call of a disturbance in the 600 block of Lequime Road in Kelowna.
“Our general duty officers arrived on scene and immediately recognized the subject of that complaint as their robbery suspect, who was taken into police custody without incident,” adds Cpl. O'Donaghey.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Media Contact
Susan Baah
212-651-0679
***@theshowproducers.com Susan Baah212-651-0679
End
-- SMALL BUSINESS EXPO® (http://www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com), the nation's largest business to business trade show, will return to Philadelphia on Wednesday March 8th.The day-long conference and trade show, travels the country's top cities for small business bringing together industry thought leaders and experts in a hands-on environment that features more than 20+ free workshops and programs along with 100+ interactive booths, demos and brand exhibits. Headlining the event is Bill Walsh, Founder and CEO of Powerteam International with a presentation:Success By Design: How To Use Internet Marketing, Social Media & Live Events To Build Your Business.Our partners work hard to make Small Business Expo a success. This year's partners include: American Business Television, Chinamerica, Lehigh Valley Business Journal, Local Entrepreneur Network, National Chamber Program, Network after Work, Professional Women's Business Networking, U.S. Small Business Administration, US Census Bureau and Women in Business Social Networking.Start-ups and business owners can take advantage of free admission and educational workshops covering online/social media marketing, employee benefit plans, credit and financing, strategies for increasing revenue and team productivity, mentoring, cloud technologies, retirement plans and much more.Small Business Expo ( https://www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com/ event-view/philadelp... ) expects to have more than 4,000 registered attendees from across the Philadelphia metropolitan area shopping for business resources, developing business leads, gaining new insights and networking with peers."Experts tell us that more and more Philadelphia residents are wanting to take the entrepreneurial leap," says event founder Zachary Lezberg, "but that the biggest barrier to starting a new business is that people don't think they can" he adds, "With the program we've put together, we believe our attendees will feel more empowered by the end of the day."This year's Titanium Sponsor: Powerteam International will be joined by Platinum Sponsor: Emerge Anywhere - Office Space Services, Gold Sponsors: DiversityComm Publication, Geico, and Wells Fargo; and Silver Sponsors: Advance Local, Bank of America, BizTV/BizTalk Radio, Cogeco Peer 1, Focal Point and YP Marketing Solutions.Philadelphia SMALL BUSINESS EXPO will take place at the Greater Philadelphia Expo Center | Hall A 100 Station Ave, Oaks, PA 19456 from 9:00 am until 5:00 pm.For media inquiries, or complimentary press passes please contact: Susan Baah, 212-651-0679, Susan@theshowproducers.com.About Small Business ExpoSMALL BUSINESS EXPO® is the nation's largest small business networking and learning event, and an Inc. 5000 company. Every year, over 65,000 small business professionals and entrepreneurs across the country attend the SMALL BUSINESS EXPO in 18 MAJOR US Markets to take their business to the next level. The show's owner, Film, Stage & ShowBiz Expo LLC. was founded in 2008 by Zachary Lezberg. The company's headquarters are located at 555 8th AVE Suite 909 New York, NY 10018. For more information, visit www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com , call (212) 404-2345, or email: info@thesmallbusinessexpo.com . For additional information, follow and connect on our social networks:LinkedIn:www.linkedin.com/company/small-business-expoFacebook:www.facebook.com/SmallBusinessExpoTwitter:www.twitter.com/TheBizExpoYou Tube:www.youtube.com/user/SmallBusinessExpoInstagram:https://www.instagram.com/thebizexpo/
STOLEN: The Kubota skid-steer loader that was stolen (left) from Palm Lakes Resort.
STOLEN: The Kubota skid-steer loader that was stolen (left) from Palm Lakes Resort. Contributed
I have worked with the NewsMail since January 2012. I report in the Family Life section of the paper, which I love as I have two school aged kids. I grew up in Byron Bay before moving to Hervey Bay where I lived for 10 years, after that my family and I travelled around Australia then we finally settled in Bundaberg in 2011. I enjoy meeting new people and hearing about all walks of life.
DID you notice anything suspicious in Bargara on Monday night?
Bargara police are calling for information after a Kubota skid-steer loader was stolen from Palm Lakes Resort.
Senior Constable Matt Tonkin said someone entered a work site between 5pm Monday and 6am Tuesday.
Snr Cnst Tonkin said the model was SVL75 and a one-key-fits-all type.
"The offender drove the loader straight through the fence of the retirement village and possibly loaded it straight on to an unknown vehicle,” he said.
Anyone with information can contact Bargara police on 459 1444 or anonymously phone Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
It is very hard, at 19,000 kilometres distance, for Kiwis to get a good handle on the Brexit issue, particularly if their source of information is a newspaper such as The Guardian, the self-appointed standard-bearer of the Remainers' cause.
You would be hard put to find a Guardian front page in recent months that did not carry at least a couple of anti-Brexit stories, predictions of Brexit disaster, and exhortations to Remainers to campaign to reverse or sidestep the referendum decision.
Those unwise enough to be guided by this unbalanced coverage would conclude that Brexiteers were misled by lies and propaganda, were motivated by bigotry and racism, and are already repenting in large numbers their earlier decision.
There is no hint of the many perfectly rational considerations that led Brexiteers to vote as they did, or of the fact that recent polls show that opinion since the referendum has moved to confirm further the Brexit decision.
Guardian readers are instead encouraged to believe that the only rational position to take is to stick with "Europe", come what may.
Sharp-eyed readers will immediately recognise the quotation marks around "Europe".
For the Remainers, "Europe" is equated with the European Union. How, it is asked, can Britain turn its back on "Europe"?
The European Union, though, is not "Europe" but a particular political and economic construct which represents only a fragment of what Europe really means, both to Britain and to every other European country.
Continued below.
Related Content Rachel Stewart: Time to get tough on polluters Cyclone Debbie swamps Whangamata Weather chaos: What you need to know
The Common Market itself was merely a trade deal, originally struck between France and Germany, admittedly, with the high-minded and worthwhile purpose of binding the two countries together so that they would not plunge Europe into yet another world war.
The deal itself may have been high-minded but it was also hard-headed; it represented a trade-off between the French interest in protecting their inefficient agriculture, and the German interest in tariff-free trade for their relatively efficient manufacturing industry.
The former goal was secured by the hugely expensive Common Agricultural Policy and the latter by the commitment to industrial free trade within a customs union.
The British were allowed to join only once these goals were set in concrete.
The Common Market could not have been more inimical to British interests.
It required the British to give up significant competitive advantages; first, their access to efficiently produced Commonwealth food which made possible a cheap food policy at home, and therefore lower industrial costs, and, secondly, their preferential markets in Commonwealth countries for relatively expensive British manufactures.
And so it proved in practice.
British taxpayers found themselves subsidising inefficient French farmers, British consumers had to pay higher food prices and therefore required higher wages just to stand still, and British manufacturers and their workforces faced lost output and jobs as they were outgunned in their own market and in Europe by the post-war revival of German industry.
By the time the referendum opportunity came, voters were fed up with high food prices, with lost jobs, with a trade deficit that threatened the destruction of British manufacturing, and with the seemingly unstoppable inflow of cheap labour from Eastern Europe.
Most of all, they wanted to regain control over their own affairs; to reclaim the self-government and democracy that their forefathers had fought for, often against the threat posed by European despots.
These were all sensible sentiments, underpinned, as the Guardian and other organs of received wisdom would have it, by the sense ordinary people had that their concerns were simply brushed aside by those who not only "know better" but were "doing better".
On this view, the Brexiteers were motivated by ignorance and grievance, and had failed to understand the argument.
The way to remedy these failings, it is asserted, is to "listen to them more", but that mysteriously seems to mean that it is the Brexiteers - best described, it seems, as cretins and bigots - who should listen more carefully so that they can be enlightened as to how they got it wrong.
We in New Zealand at least have the chance to make up our own minds.
We shouldn't have much trouble in understanding why our British cousins prefer to run their own affairs and why, having made an important decision, they should want to stick to it.
- Bay of Plenty Times
Aviation analytics is a computational methodology, which provides statistical information of historical flights, weather forecast, real-time flight data, and historical airport operational data to the end users. Aviation analytics helps organizations to develop analytical solution in order to cater future demand such as needs of customer. Increasing emphasis over analytics solutions, increase in air-traffic, need to improve operational efficiency, and high volume of data are some major factors responsible for growth of aviation analytics market. However, unavailability of skilled workforce might hinder the market growth. Increasing adoption of analytics within aviation industry would offer profitable opportunities for the market in coming years. The market is highly consolidated owing to few market leaders. Technological advancement is the prime strategy adopted by the market leaders to improve their market share. Asia-Pacific is anticipated to emerge out as the leading market in terms of revenue, owing to increased air traffic in countries such as China and Japan.
Aviation Analytics Market Research Objective
To explain the definition and scope of the research study based on end user, application, business function, component and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for 2016 to 2024
• Market size breakdown for each of the segments and regions analyzed
• Insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the analysis period
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate eminent investment opportunities
• Porter's Five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of the business environment
• Identification of the aviation analytics market trends in current scenario as well as growth indicators
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the aviation analytics industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aviation-analytics-market/request-sample
Aviation Analytics Market Segmentation
By End Users
• Airlines
• Airports
• Others
By Applications
• Flight Risk Management
• Inventory Management
• Fuel Management
• Revenue Management
• Customer Analytics
• Navigation Services
By Business Functions
• Sales & Marketing
• Finance
• Maintenance, Repair & Operations
• Supply Chain
By Component
• Service
• Software
Aviation Analytics Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization so that you can get a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of your interest in the aviation analytics market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per your research requirements
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request)
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per your request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on aviation analytics market covering specific country/region only
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research)
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aviation-analytics-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
For more than three weeks, Southwest Florida communities have been dealing with piles of dead foliage and drying debris ripped out of the ground and off of trees by Hurricane Irma.
But fire officials say it's the debris you don't see piled on the side of the road that could pose the biggest threat during the upcoming peak fire season.
"We're seeing a lot of downed trees, a lot of debris, and what that's done is actually increase the vegetation or debris in these vacant lots, what we call wildland-urban interface areas," explained Samantha Quinn, a wildfire mitigation specialist with the Florida Forest Service's Caloosahatchee Forestry Center. "You'll see a vacant lot, next to a structure. Because of that, it increases the risk for the homeowners and the structure, and the safety of first responders."
Quinn said a lot of the debris on private, vacant lots is going to stay there drying out, before eventually being covered by new growth. Officials are already concerned about the problems in wildland-urban interfaces like Lehigh Acres and Golden Gate Estates.
"So now add in there all that dry, dead vegetation on top of [existing growth], those are all gonna be just adding to what a fire could do," she said.
To mitigate the danger in these areas, crews are working to create a GPS map of some of the dangerous wooded areas.
Crews are surveying from the air and on the ground to identify areas with lots of downed trees.
"When we have it marked out we can say, hey we're going to be entering this wildfire, it's in this area, we know there are a lot of downed trees here, so we need two to three dozers immediately to go there," Quinn explained.
They'll also be aware of trees and stumps that may not be visible in the near future as new growth comes in. Quinn said bulldozers can actually get stuck on tree stumps as they work to clear fire breaks.
"We're just trying to get as much information from all angles, so we can make sure everybody stays safe," she said.
Officials say it's more important this year than ever to be prepared for peak fire season by clearing 30 feet of defensible space from around your home, and clearing any dead leaves or debris from your gutters or near your property.
You may also want to consider roof repairs if you're in a high-risk fire area.
"Whenever you have a wildfire, embers can spot. If they're hitting the wood roof that doesn't have a shingle, there's potential a roof could catch on fire and then we're having to try and save your structure as well," Quinn said.
A WIDE Bay hairdresser was shocked to be given written orders this week by a local school on how to cut the hair of its students.
Gympie's Streetwise Hair owner Lorraine Carter said the 'Dear Hairdresser' letter arrived in the post on Monday stringently outlining the school's acceptable hairstyles that do not include: hair below the eyebrows, girls to have more than two plaits and boys' hair clipped below a number 3.
Clips, bands and ribbons are also for functional purposes 'not merely decorative.'
"When I opened the letter I got the shock of my life," the experienced hairdresser said.
"I've been a hairdresser for 35 years and I've never seen anything like it.
"The way the letter was written it is stipulating exactly what the child's haircut needs to be like."
The school had opened with contents of the letter as 'being helpful' to the business.
A Gympie hairdresser was shocked to receive this letter from a local school. Contributed
"From time to time we have students arrive at school with a haircut that falls outside our hairstyle policy which can be problematic for parents and students," the letter said.
"By being aware of our requirements then you may be able to assist your clients in selecting a suitable cut/style, or at least notify them that their choice may cause an issue at school."
Mrs Carter said the school's directive had put her in an extremely awkward position with her clients.
"I feel that it's up to the parents as to how a haircut goes - they're actually paying for the haircut not the school.
"It was very to the point."
She also believes the strict rules are squashing a child's way of expressing themselves.
"I think for children it's their way of expressing their individuality. If their parents don't have a problem, why should they (the school)."
The full guidelines, that were included in the letter sent to at least two Gympie hairdressing businesses, are outlined below:
MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines on Sunday warned citizens not to kill or poach migratory birds that usually fly in from China, the possible source of a virus that triggered the Southeast Asian nation's first outbreak of avian flu, to avoid worsening the situation.
There has been no case of human transmission but the virus prompted a cull of 200,000 fowl last week after it was detected on a farm in the province of Pampanga, north of the capital Manila, and spread to five neighboring farms.
Migratory birds or smuggled ducks from China may have brought in the virus, Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Piñol has said.
The bird migration season in the Philippines usually starts around September, with the birds returning to their breeding grounds the following March, Mundita Lim, director of the Biodiversity Management Bureau (BMB), said in an advisory.
"The culling, poisoning or chasing of migratory birds is strongly discouraged as they have proven ineffective and counterproductive," she added.
Sick or dead wild birds should immediately be reported to the Department of Agriculture to allow checks for the virus, Lim said, urging breeders in areas frequented by migratory birds to guard their flocks against contact with them.
Early tests of the virus in the avian flu outbreak ruled out the highly pathogenic H5N1 strain, but Philippine officials have sought further testing by an Australian animal health laboratory that is part of a global network combating the disease.
The Philippines is monitoring the quality and prices of poultry products in its markets, but believes farm authorities have managed to isolate and contain the virus, the presidential palace said in a statement.
Roy Cimatu, the secretary of environment and natural resources, said his department would step up surveillance against efforts to smuggle wild birds by sea and air.
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow delivers British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels,... REUTERS/Yves Herman
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she would not try to "cherry pick" parts of European Union membership as Britain leaves the bloc, saying she respected its four freedoms.
In a sign that May wants to foster goodwill in the talks, she wrote in a letter to European Council President Donald Tusk that she knew there would be consequences from Brexit and Britain would lose influence over the rules that govern the European economy.
"We understand and respect your position that the four freedoms of the single market are indivisible and there can be no 'cherry picking'," she said in the letter.
"We also know that UK companies will, as they trade within the EU, have to align with rules agreed by institutions of which we are no longer a part – just as UK companies do in other overseas markets."
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web. He wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook, and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade. During his time at O'Reilly Media, Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group, identifying the topics to build events and books around. He has worked in areas as diverse as networking, publishing, science, edtech, and NLP. He now lives in New Zealand, where he runs Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow.
April 28 Forgame Holdings Ltd
* Company entered into mou with vendor in relation to possible acquisition of no less than 50% of equity interests in target business
* MOU with Yinker Inc. In relation to possible acquisition of no less than 50% of equity interests in internet finance business Source text for Eikon: [bit.ly/2pbmYbu] Further company coverage:
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) " South Korea has called up English Premier League stars Son Heung-min and Ki Sung-yeung for vital 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Iran and Uzbekistan.
South Korea needs at least four points from matches against Iran in Seoul on Aug. 31 and Uzbekistan in Tashkent five days later to be sure of heading to Russia next summer.
There have been injury concerns over both players. Son, who scored 21 goals last season for Tottenham Hotspur, fractured his arm for his country in a 3-2 loss in Qatar in June. Ki, the national team's captain, picked up a knee injury in the same game.
"There is more possibility of Ki playing in the second game," recently-appointed head coach Shin Tae-yong told a news conference Monday. "I have been in regular contact with him and with some new players in the squad, we need players like Ki."
Advertisement
Ki did not feature for Swansea City in its opening league 0-0 draw at Southampton on Saturday.
There was better news regarding Son, who appeared as a second-half substitute for Spurs in an opening day 2-0 win at Newcastle, wearing a bandage on his arm.
Shin, in charge for his first game after Uli Stielike was fired in June following a third loss in five qualifying matches, also recalled 38-year-old striker Lee Dong-gook in his 26-man roster.
South Korea sits second in Group A in the third round of Asian qualifying, seven points behind the already-qualified Iran and just a point ahead of Uzbekistan.
Only the top two in both six-team groups progress automatically to Russia. The third-place teams from Groups A and B will meet in an October two-match Asian elimination game for the right to enter a final play-off against CONCAFAF's fourth-placed team.
(Adds strategist quotes and details throughout and updates prices) * Canadian dollar ends at C$1.3650, or 73.26 U.S. cents * Loonie touches a fresh 14-month low at C$1.3697 * Currency loses 2.6 percent for the month * Bond prices rise across the yield curve By Fergal Smith TORONTO, April 28 The Canadian dollar weakened against its U.S. counterpart on Friday, retaining this week's defensive bias in the face of an uncertain trade outlook, while domestic data showed the economy stalled in February. The currency's official close, which was published for the last time by the Bank of Canada, was C$1.3650 to the greenback, or 73.26 U.S. cents, weaker than Thursday's close of C$1.3624, or 73.40 U.S. cents. "It is all about trade, which has been whipping the currency around," said Amo Sahota, director at Klarity FX in San Francisco. President Donald Trump told Reuters on Thursday that he had been "psyched" to terminate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico on Saturday, but then changed his mind after their leaders asked for it to be renegotiated instead. He said he will not hesitate to change course again and pull the plug if the negotiations become "unserious." The Canadian dollar's strongest level of the session was C$1.3625, while it touched its weakest since February 2016 at C$1.3697. For the week, the loonie fell 1.1 percent and for the month, it was down 2.6 percent. The underlying trend has been for a weaker Canadian dollar and that has been supported by fundamentals, such as widening yield spreads, Sahota said. Canada's 2-year yield has fallen this week nearly 8 basis points further below its U.S. equivalent to a spread of -54.9 basis points, nearly its biggest gap since January 2016. Liquidity issues at a non-bank mortgage lender, unrelated to actual performance, added to pressure on the loonie this week, according to a research note by Avery Shenfeld, at CIBC Capital Markets. Canadian gross domestic product was flat in February, matching the forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll, after robust growth in January. "It is a soft month in an otherwise solid quarter," said Derek Holt, head of capital markets economics at Scotiabank. U.S. crude oil prices settled 36 cents higher at $49.33 a barrel, rebounding from a one-month low the previous day as investors weighed whether Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries will extend output cuts at its May meeting. Canadian government bond prices were higher across the yield curve, with the two-year up 3.5 Canadian cents to yield 0.717 percent and the 10-year rising 25.8 Canadian cents to yield 1.546 percent. On Thursday, the 10-year yield touched a three-week high at 1.621 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Sandra Maler)
SOCHI, Russia May 3 Russia will resume grain exports to Turkey within the next few days after resolving issues with Ankara that had been restricting supplies, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich said on Wednesday.
Dvorkovich, speaking after President Vladimir Putin held talks with his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan in the Russian resort of Sochi, also said that some Russian restrictions on tomato imports from Turkey would remain in place "in some form" for the next three to five years.
Turkey, traditionally the second largest buyer of Russian wheat after Egypt and the top buyer of its sunflower oil, imposed what Moscow regarded as prohibitively high import tariffs in March. (Reporting by Denis Pinchuk; Writing by Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
April 12 PGS Software SA:
* Said on Tuesday that its shareholders, Infinitas FIZ AN and Presto FIZ AN, started accelerated book-building process (ABB) to sell 2.8 million shares of the company representing 6.9 pct of votes
* Trigon DM SA is the investment company running the ABB
* Infinitas FIZAN and Presto FIZAN are funds in which 100 pct of investment certificates hold Wojciech Gurgul - CEO and Pawel Gurgul - deputy CEO
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: A worker walks past a pump jack on an oil field owned by the Bashneft company near Nikolo-Berezovka, Bashkortostan, Russia , January 28, 2015. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin/File Photo
NEW YORK Brent crude oil on Tuesday closed at its lowest level this year, erasing all of the gains since OPEC started to cut production, after breaking through a key technical support level.
The market was already trading lower prior to the technical selloff on reports of rising output in the United States, Canada and Libya and declining compliance by members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries with the deal to cut output during the first half of this year.
Brent LCOc1 futures fell $1.06, or 2.1 percent, to settle at $50.46 a barrel. That was the lowest close since Nov. 29, the day before OPEC agreed to cut supply, although Brent briefly dropped to even lower levels in intra-day trading in March.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude CLc1 fell $1.18, or 2.4 percent, to $47.66 a barrel, its lowest close since March 21.
The sharp technical decline came after U.S. futures fell below last week's low of $48.20 a barrel, which was their lowest since late March.
In the five minutes after prices fell below that key technical level, over 50,000 U.S. contracts traded, representing about 10 percent of total trade at that time on Tuesday.
"The market was already down on concerns about rising Libyan and U.S. production and a Reuters report showing lower compliance to the OPEC production cut agreement," said Phil Flynn, senior energy analyst at Price Futures Group in Chicago.
Oil prices pared losses briefly in aftermarket trading after data from the American Petroleum Institute showed that U.S. crude stocks fell 4.2 million barrels last week, with Cushing, Oklahoma, inventories drawing by 215,000 barrels. The U.S. government will release its inventory data on Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. (1430 GMT).
OPEC's compliance with the output cuts fell to 90 percent in April from a revised 92 percent in March, according to a Reuters survey. Earlier, the survey showed compliance in March was 95 percent.
OPEC and other producers, including Russia, plan to meet on May 25 and are widely expected to keep output limits for the rest of the year.
OPEC oil output fell for a fourth straight month in April, a Reuters survey showed, dropping to 31.97 million bpd as Nigeria and Libya pumped less crude.
Libya's National Oil Co, however, said on Monday that production had risen above 760,000 bpd to its highest since December 2014, and it plans to keep boosting production.
BP Plc (BP.L) Chief Financial Officer Brian Gilvary told Reuters that oil inventories would keep falling this year.
"If the OPEC cuts get rolled into the second half of the year, that will underpin oil prices," Gilvary said. "We are managing things around $50-$55 a barrel. That's probably the range we would expect for the rest of the year."
(Corrects headline and lead to say Brent closed at its lowest level in 2017, not fell to its lowest level in over 5 months)
(Additional reporting by Christopher Johnson in London and Osamu Tsukimori in Tokyo; editing by Chris Reese and Marguerita Choy)
April 3 Fih Mobile Ltd
* Expects interim results of group for six months ending 30 June 2017 to record a consolidated net loss
* Expects group's consolidated net loss for six months ending 30 June 2017 to be less than US$110 million
* Board expects group's turnover during six months ending 30 JUNE 2017 to exceed us$4.6 billion
* Expected results primarily as a result of costs relating to a new business group within company under a collaboration agreement
* "Board currently expects those costs to continue into second half of 2017" Source (bit.ly/2nRdJfJ) Further company coverage:
A New York woman was sentenced to 23 years to life in prison after pleading guilty to torturing and killing a 1-year-old child she was babysitting in 2016. Screenshot from NBC New York
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
Chichester Chorale will be joined by the University of Chichester Chamber Choir and the University Otter Consort for a night of British choral music on Saturday, April 28 at 7.30pm at St George's Church, Whyke, Chichester
All three choirs, totalling around 75 voices, will combine for the iconic Mass in G minor by Vaughan Williams in a programme which will also include Holst, Balfour Gardiner, Elgar and Stanford.
Chichester Chorale founder Arthur Robson will share conducting duties with his son Tom.
“We will also be using the splendid organ at St George's which is quite an instrument. It's great for accompanying choirs. It has got some concert sounds as well. There are lots of lovely effects. You can play the quite beefy loud stuff and also the quieter works.”
The University Otter Consort is a small group formed from the university's chamber choir. They will be performing three songs by Frank Bridge and the three Shakespearean songs by Vaughan Williams.
“But the main focus, the big work, will be the Mass in G minor by Vaughan Williams which is an iconic work for two choirs and a group of soloists. It is quite a tricky piece. It is really not performed very much these days, sadly. I think it is rather neglected, perhaps because of the forces that it requires and also the fact that it is unaccompanied.
“Vaughan Williams was very keen on Tudor music and in this piece he uses these ancient modes within the setting. It starts with a very tranquil Kyrie and it has got an uplifting Gloria and then as you go through it, you get lots of different tones and voices. It is very rich in vocal constrasts.”
Linking it all is the fact that the composers are all British, though Arthur suspects that it is perhaps rather fanciful to talk of a common, discernible Britishness which runs through them.
“But it is a celebration of British music. We have got a psalm by Gustav Holst and also three motets by Stanford.
“I am working with my son Tom on this. We will both be conducting. We had a discussion between ourselves about what we could do, and it was his idea to go for an all British programme. It seemed a good idea to me!”
Booking details: £10 / £8 concessions. University of Chichester students and staff are free. Tickets on choirs@chi.ac.uk or 0333 666 3366.
The Chichester Chorale returns on Friday, July 6 at 7.30pm for its Festival of Chichester concert, O For The Wings Of A Dove And More, Boxgrove Priory, Church Lane, Boxgrove, PO18 0ED: a feast of popular choral gems, with strings and organ, including: Vivaldi – Gloria; Mendelssohn – Hear My Prayer.
Tickets £12; children under 16s free.
For other stories by Phil, see https://www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/west-sussex-date-for-kiki-dee-1-8471033
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/chichester-s-lear-with-ian-mckellen-to-get-cinema-screening-1-8471020
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/range-of-performers-at-bognor-regis-music-club-1-8471024
https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/arts/steyning-festival-tickets-go-on-sale-1-8470993
https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/wonderland-show-explores-hollywood-characters-1-8470983
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/thriller-from-former-angmering-teacher-1-8470981
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: The Union flag and The Scottish Saltire fly at the Scottish Parliament ahead of a referendum debate in Edinburgh Scotland, Britain March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
EDINBURGH Nearly half of Scottish voters do not want another referendum on independence and the issue appears to be driving up support for the Conservatives ahead of a June election, according to a YouGov poll published in The Times newspaper on Friday.
The poll also showed Theresa May's Conservatives due to win more seats in Scotland in the upcoming election than it has held for decades, rising to eight seats by taking seven from Nicola Sturgeon's Scottish National Party (SNP).
The survey also showed a decline in the approval ratings of Sturgeon herself, who leads the devolved Scottish government.
She has argued that another independence referendum is necessary because Scots voted to keep their EU membership last June and they now face Brexit. But 49 percent of Scots are against a referendum being held between the autumn of 2018 and the spring of 2019 - the timetable she has proposed. Some 37 percent supported this timetable, while 14 percent did not know.
YouGov found the Conservatives gaining traction as they become the preferred party of those who defend a United Kingdom over Scottish independence.
Sturgeon's party would still easily be the biggest party representing Scotland with 49 of the 59 seats assigned to it in Britain's 650-seat national parliament. But the survey of 1,017 people between April 24 and 27 also showed the leader of the SNP at Westminster, Angus Robertson, losing his Moray seat for the first time since 2001.
Scots voted by a wide margin to stick with the European Union in last June's referendum, clashing with the UK as a whole which voted to leave. Sturgeon won backing from the Scottish parliament to seek a new referendum, but the May government has rebuffed her request to hold one.
(Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary and James Davey; editing by Kate Holton)
April 13 Shandong Shanda Wit Science and Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 70 percent to 100 percent, or to be 79.2 million yuan to 93.2 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 46.6 million yuan
* Says increased profit from bio-pharma unti as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/1OaC3F
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Matchless Brewing makes move to its own space
1:04 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
4:11 Lorenzo Romar discusses Huskies 85-61 loss at Utah
The Chairman of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Mr Babtunde Fowler, says with the tax policies put in place by the Federal Government, citizens will soon reap the benefits of paying tax.
Fowler, gave the assurance when he addressed State House correspondents after he briefed the Federal Executive Council (FEC) on activities of FIRS on Wednesday at the presidential villa, Abuja.
According to him, the benefits accruing from payment of taxes by the citizens will encourage them to pay their taxes to relevant authorities, promptly.
The FIRS boss dismissed the assertion that there were cases of multiple taxations in the country.
Cue in audio – Fowler
“The Federal government, through the Vice President and the Ministry of Information, has been talking about the different projects that have been financed with tax revenue and I think as Nigerians begin to see those dividends of democracy as they say, but I say of very good spending, people will be encouraged to pay more taxes.
“I would like to state once again as I have done before, that we do not really have a situation of double or multiple taxation in this country.
“You only have that when you pay the same tax to two tiers of government.
“What we had found out is that a lot of people categorise every payment to government as tax.
“For example if you receive a fine or penalty, they call it tax, if you pay for a parking space, they call it tax but those are things that a referred to as user charges, not taxes,” he explained.
Commenting on the Voluntary Assets Declaration Scheme of government, Fowler said the window of opportunity given to defaulters expired on June 30, and henceforth, defaulters would be prosecuted.
He said: “The window expired on June 30 and anyone who has not come forth by now we shall use legal means to make sure that we bring them to book and make sure they pay the appropriate tax, with interest and penalty.''
Fowler said he was in the State House to brief the FEC on the exchange of information programme between Nigeria and other countries that will help reap more revenue for government.
“We are ratifying the automatic exchange of information, which basically means Nigeria as a country will be able to exchange financial information with other countries, which hopefully should improve our revenue and also ensure that all Nigerians that have investments, businesses or income abroad pay their taxes as and when due,'' he added.
TORONTO — For most of his five seasons in Toronto, we waited for Terrence Ross to become something other than disappointing, confounding and overpaid.
It finally happened on Tuesday.
He became trade bait.
He became the significant piece on another day to shine for Masai Ujiri, the executive who quieted the noise, turned down the volume, and brought a sense of internal peace and external joy to a Raptors team desperately in need of alterations.
That's what leadership is in professional sport and that's what leadership does: Rather silently and without buildup, Ujiri brought the much-coveted Serge Ibaka to the Raptors. A player he has viewed from afar with envy for many years. He has known Ibaka as friend, as fellow African, as part of the basketball community at large.
Now he will know him in a much more intimate way, as teammate of sorts, as Raptors player, as someone who can come in and shake the Raptors' foundation at a time when shaking is needed. A real starting power forward.
Not a bench guy. Not Luis Scola. Not Amir Johnson. Not like anything Dwane Casey has had in his coaching arsenal before in Toronto.
He's the kind of player who understands winning, who is playoff-tested and playoff-ready, who has a clear comprehension of what April, May and June is all about in the NBA. He should make life easier for Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan. He's a high-percentage shooter. A quick defender. A large presence at 6-foot-10, although not quite the shot blocker he was in his early years.
“I've known this guy for years,” said Ujiri. “He's a hell of a competitor. Everybody knows who Serge is, he's a warrior. He gives us good rim protection, he's a good defender. He can play multiple positions.”
Ibaka led the NBA four times in blocked shots and was on the all-defensive team three times. He should also make life easier for Jonas Valanciunas and Patrick Patterson — one has slightly regressed in this up-and-down season and the other will return now to where he belongs, coming off the bench instead of starting.
This would be a home run of sorts for Ujiri and the Raptors except for the unknown aspects of the deal, and that includes exactly where Andy Miller, the player agent, fits in. The NBA is nothing if not an agent's league. Miller represents the pending free agent, Ibaka, and the pending free agent, Lowry.
Suddenly, he becomes a figure of significance about the Raptors' future. If Ujiri and his general manager, Jeff Weltman, have the most influence on what the Raptors do in the future, Miller's influence cannot be understated here. He can go shopping with Lowry and Ibaka this summer or he can settle in for a long ride with Lowry and Ibaka playing alongside DeRozan and Valanciunas.
That's the scenario Ujiri and Casey favour. Casey is always talking about how veteran teams win in the NBA. Teams that stay together. Teams with texture and experience.
This could be one of those teams.
Ujiri doesn't deal often or without purpose. The Rudy Gay and Andrea Bargnani trades, seemingly impossible to make, proved to be big wins for the Raptors. He turned around and traded the pretty much finished John Salmons for Lucas Nogueiro and Lou Williams.
Even the small trades have produced victories. Greivis Vasquez was sent to Milwaukee for Norm Powell and a first-round pick. Vasquez is basically done as an NBA player; Powell, who should benefit from the trading of Ross, is just beginning to show his capabilities.
And now this deal on Tuesday for Ibaka, which makes the Raptors' starting lineup the strongest it has ever been with a bench still capable and the assumption that one of these weeks Jared Sullinger will be able to contribute something.
Before Tuesday night's game in Chicago, the Raptors had won four of 14 games. “We've had a bad stretch,” said Ujiri. “We never know how (the trade) fits on paper. We fill a hole, a gap that we've been missing. Hopefully, this gives us that jump that we need.”
Ibaka comes in and yet I can't forget the night the Raptors drafted Ross. The Raptors really wanted Harrison Barnes that night. Coach Casey was sent out to speak to the media and talk up their first pick as the second round proceeded.
Casey is terrible at not telling the truth. He can't look you in the face and lie with any conviction. It's one of his most endearing qualities. He said he was happy to have Ross. He said so with a crooked smile.
The next four-and-a-half years he spent trying to figure out his vastly talented, wildly athletic, forever inconsistent wingman. This was his best season.
Ross grew up as a basketball player in Toronto. He just didn't grow into whatever kind of the player the Raptors hoped he would become, but he was enough to entice Orlando into moving Ibaka.
Now Casey doesn't have to guess anymore. He knows what Serge Ibaka brings. Ibaka's career has almost been a straight statistical line.
Casey has a new part and a brand new starting lineup. He has two months to get ready for playoffs. Two months to figure this team out.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
A London finish and better field are set to make the Women's Tour one of the world's premier women's stage races
Announced on Wednesday morning, the route of the 2017 Women's Tour is a step forward for the race, says organiser Sweetspot.
This year's event will have longer stages, a better field and will climax on the streets of London this June, pushing the race towards the pinnacle of women's stage racing.
>>> The Women's Tour 2017 route revealed with final stage in London
“I said in year one that I wanted to make this the biggest and best women's stage race in the world,” race director Mick Bennett told Cycling Weekly during the route launch at London's City Hall this morning.
“I think we achieved that in year two and it was made WorldTour in year three. This is our fourth year, so it is incremental steps, moving it on.”
The final stage of this year's race will tackle 14 laps of the London circuit the men's Tour of Britain has used in recent years and it this Bennett sees as one the crowning glory of the race.
“I think it is the most iconic circuit in the world. In the centre of London, right at its heartbeat. It shows how the women's sport has moved on.”
Though details of the second, Stoke-on-Trent stage are not yet known, the remaining stages all exceed 130km, with one day more than 150km, something which would not have been possible until a change if UCI regulations late last year.
“We've had longer stages before and it didn't affect the race,” Bennett continued.
“We have to consider we have a rolling road closure and I don't want the peloton spread over half-an-hour, because it makes safety and logistics difficult.
“But I think it can only add to the quality of the event because you get a different type of rider come through, and defending the jersey will be a little bit more difficult, so it does make the racing more exciting.”
The quality will also be improved by the field. When the race rolls out from Daventry on June 7, for the first time in the event's short history all 15 top ranked UCI women's teams will be present.
And, while in previous years a Great Britain team was present, this year those top flight outfits will be joined by two British domestic teams, Drops and WNT.
“It's very important that we support growth and inspire people within team management,” Bennett continued.
Watch: Women's Bike of the Year 2017
“This is one of the benchmark events for their calendar and a lot of up and coming and quality riders are in those teams. A GB squad could only put out a development team, but some of those riders are already in Drops and WNT, so it was a no-brainer.”
Having previously ridden the race in the red, white and blue of Great Britain, Olympic track gold medallist Katie Archibald will ride in the blue of Team WNT, and while Bennett believes the Scotswoman could finish high on general classification, she has more humble ambitions.
“I would like to be there for the sprint finishes and suffer through the climbs on the harder stages,” Archibald, a gold medallist on the track in Rio told us.
“Team WNT are a British registered team and one of the biggest stage races on the UCI calendar is in Britain, so hopefully we will make the jersey known and show ourselves with some respectable results.
“I rode the London Six-Day at the end of last year and that was another big London event that was heavy with spectators, so it will be amazing to have that type of support on the road.”
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Blood Collection Needles Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Medtronic, BD Medical, Boston Scientific, Smith Medical, Argon Medical Devices, Novo Nordisk, Terumo Corporation, NIPRO Medical, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Medsurg, Hamilton Syringes & Needles, Hi-Tech Medicare Devices.
The report begins with introducing the global Blood Collection Needles market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Blood Collection Needles report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-blood-collection-needles-market/5883/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Blood Collection Needles Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Safety Blood Collection Needles, Standard Blood Collection Needles.
Blood Collection Needles Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospitals, Clinics, Ambulatory Surgical Centres, Other.
Key points in the Blood Collection Needles Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-blood-collection-needles-market/5883/#inquiry
From all of this Blood Collection Needles market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Blood Collection Needles market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Blood Collection Needles distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 5 H&R Real Estate Investment Trust :
* H&R Real Estate Investment Trust increases size of senior unsecured debenture financing to $150 mln
* H&R Real Estate Investment Trust - debentures will carry a coupon rate of 3.369 percent and will mature on January 30, 2024
* H&R Real Estate Investment Trust - offering is a re-opening of this series of debentures, original issuance of which was completed in January 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
WITH just a little over a week to go before the most romantic day of the year unfolds, here is The Manila Times' annual guide to celebrating Valentine's around the metro—whether in a relationship, with family or a group of single friends.
@ Novotel Manila Araneta Center
Celebrate love at Novotel Manila Araneta Center with its Valentine's week offers. Feast at the Food Exchange Manila for lunch or dinner buffet and indulge on dishes well loved around the world. Also, savor a life in pink as the night's performers serenade couples, families or friends enjoying the buffet. Ladies are also in for a treat with a Valentine's gift—a special box of chocolates from Executive Pastry Chef Manuel Sy. For a more intimate and romantic Valentine's Day celebration, delight in dinner under the stars with À La Belle Étoile (Under The Beautiful Star) at the Versailles Garden, located on the 7th floor.
@ Marco Polo Ortigas Manila
Experience the magic of love and romance at the air as sky hotel, Marco Polo Ortigas Manila. Take the better half to an ultimate experience with special offers to enjoy at Cucina and Lung Hin. Cucina elevates its live action stations for this sweet celebration, especially the well-loved seafood station. Meanwhile, have an intimate affair while experiencing a fine and intricate celebration over a classic cuisine that is impeccable for every palate at Lung Hin.
@ New World Makati Hotel
Gift your special someone with a romantic getaway at New World Makati Hotel. Avail of the Sweet February package to enjoy stylish accommodations, modern amenities, and a beautifully boxed pair of wine vials from WIT. Available on February 14, and all weekends of February, book a Superior room, Deluxe room, Residence Club Deluxe, or a One-Bedroom Suite inclusive of a sumptuous breakfast buffet for two and late check-out at 4 pm for stays booked on Fridays and Saturdays.
@ Hotel Jen Manila
Why not enjoy a dreamy staycation for Valentine's Day? A deluxe room is inclusive of daily buffet breakfast for two persons at Latitude, access to Windows by the Bay; late check-out until 3 pm (subject to availability) and scheduled shuttle service to SM Mall of Asia, among many other perks. The Valentine Room package is available from February 1 to 28. Latitude, the hotel's all-day dining restaurant, and Windows by the Bay, the chill-out lounge located at the hotel's 19th floor, set the perfect atmosphere for February 14.
@ Hotel Kimberly
Enjoy a romantic date at Hotel Kimberly from February 9 to 18 as the hotel offers a delicious multi-course meal couples looking for something special to celebrate. After an exquisite meal, relax and unwind in one of the luxurious bedrooms, set up especially for you and your partner.
@ Makati Diamond Residences
A decadent dinner buffet awaits at Alfred, Makati Diamond Residences on Valentine's Day. Treat the significant other to a lovely feast that includes cheese fondue, salmon gravlax, and roast beef, followed by luscious strawberry shortcake and rosewater macarons for dessert. The Valentine's Day dinner buffet is on February 14 from 6 to 10 pm.
@ City of Dreams Manila
City of Dreams Manila rekindles the flame of love this February with dining experiences and confectioneries. The Tasting Room at NÜWA (the rebranded Crown Towers) introduces Chef de Cuisine Frederic Thevenet's fresh, contemporary take on haute French cuisine infused with Asian influences, with a five-course Valentine's Tasting Menu. At Nobu Manila, diners can sweep their loved ones off their feet with the seven-course Valentine's Day Omakase dinner menu on February 13 and 14. On the other hand, Crystal Dragon's award-winning Cantonese cuisine is made even more special with the Valentine's Day five-course dinner set menu available on February 13 to15. Meanwhile, from February 5 to 14, Red Ginger offers a chocolate fondue platter during lunch and dinner, for which a variety of flavors are offered. Sweet gifts as a gesture of love, and well-curated Valentine's presents are also offered at Café Society from February 9 to 15.
@ Manila Pavilion Hotel
Celebrate love month with a romantic dinner buffet date with live acoustic serenade and a special giveaway for the ladies. Gift her with this month's featured cake, the stunning Strawberry L'Opera available at Patisserie or surprise her with a romantic room with the Stay to Celebrate Room Promo inclusive of an overnight stay, breakfast buffet for two, and a special set-up on preferred occasion. Promo is valid until March 30.
@ Marriott Manila
Marriott Manila brilliantly adapted the best-selling novel trilogy ‘Fifty Shades of Gery' by E.L. James into their Valentine specials to give that daring, intimate and memorable affair. Like a true Mr. Grey, date under the stars at the hotel's rooftop pool bar, The Deck and have the most romantic five-course dinner with a breathtaking cityscape view. The gents can also be old romantics with an intimate dinner at the multi-awarded Cru Steakhouse. Their bestsellers will surely captivate those who love U.S. Certified Angus Beefs in different cuts or a huge board with three varieties of steaks. Finally, for those who want intensely satisfying treat, the buffet spreads at Marriott Café aims nothing but to please.
@ Belmont Hotel
In celebration of the love month, Belmont Hotel has a special overnight stay package that includes breakfast buffet for two, a bottle of sparkling wine, a premium cheese platter, and an adorable plush Belmont bear. Proving that being in love need not break the bank, Belmont Hotel's Be In Love package is available daily this February. Movie lovers can also enjoy a thrilling night every week at Rooftop 11, Belmont Hotel's al fresco roof deck pool and bar. Entrance to Belmont's Monday Movie Nights is free and open to Hotel guests and Rooftop 11 diners. On Valentine's evening, Café Belmont presents lovers with the Romantic Date Night set menu.
@ Toblerone
This season, keep it simple and personal through by designing a Toblerone Valentine-inspired blank packs. To help make creative juices flow, Toblerone pop-up Valentine stations will be set up in Robinson's Galleria, SM North EDSA, and SM Megamall from February 1 to 14. Be inspired to express artistic love with the help of local artists and calligraphers who will be there on selected dates.
@ Dusit Thani Manila
Make this month extra special with variety of Valentine's Day offerings. Fall in love all over again with the pleasures of a luxurious stay in any of the hotel's well-appointed guestrooms and suites. On the night of February 14, embark in a gastronomic journey in any of the hotel's specialty restaurants—The Pantry, Benjarong and Umu, with special Valentine offers that will surely make this year's celebration the best one yet. Also, create the perfect romantic mood at Devarana Spa that features a special treatment inspired by the folklore story behind one of the Thailand's most famous desserts—Sanay Chan.
@ Rustan's
Convey the deepest affections, which cannot be captured with words, through wonderful tokens of love found at Rustan's. Sparkling Jewels is a classic Valentine's gift for the ladylove. From rose and yellow golds to diamonds and other precious stones, Adami & Martucci and Tiffany& Co. has beautiful selections to put add sparkle to the season. Lovely trinkets from Swarovski (in photo) and Orelia will definitely be the delight of the recipient.
@ Pizza Hut
Say “I love you” in the most unique way possible with Pizza Hut. Personal, regular or large pan pizzas come in the limited-edition Pizza Hut Valentine's Box that serve as a giant greeting card. One can also get creative and write, doodle, or design a personal message directly on the box.
@ Enchanted Kingdom
Enchanted Kingdom (EK) offers a twist to the usual Valentines date with “Enchanting Dinner in the Sky.” Couples and group dates can enjoy an enchanting dinner date on board the 130-feet tall Wheel of Fate (Ferris Wheel) complete with a set of flavorful menu.
The Couple package and the group of four package (with Agila) are inclusive of regular day passes, dinner on the Wheel of Fate, a souvenir photo and premier seats at the world-class Enchanted Musical show. Pre-booked guests are also entitled to a 10 percent discount on merchandise and selected stores.
@ Heraposh
Heraposh is a fashion brand that brings Korean Fashion style to the doorstep. The brand offers 14 gift bundles that are perfect for Valentine, some of which can be purchased with up to 70 percent. Moreover, every bundle includes premium items and a complimentary rose. These bundles are available for free shipping in selected areas in Metro Manila only.
@ Go Hotel
Singles ladies and gents can also enjoy the festivities on February 15. Go Hotels offers recommendations where the gang can celebrate: the Go Hotels in Timog Avenue, Quezon City which has the same world-class facilities the brand is known for. Moreover, there's the spa service provided by Venus Touch Spa to cap off a whole evening of partying.
To appreciate the way so many of us feel about Google today, we need only remember the words of perfectly adequate 80s rock band Great White: Once bitten, twice shy. (Go ahead, watch the music video. It's hilarious.)
Those bleach-haired biker boys may have been writing about groupies and rock 'n' roll clichés, but they also tapped into a feeling all too common in our current mobile tech landscape: You never know when a service you love is going to go away. And so after a while, it gets tough to feel comfortable enough to commit.
You know what I'm getting at here, right? Google makes some really great apps and services. It also isn't afraid to kill off said apps and services when it sees fit, regardless of how users may react. The inevitable question, then, is always: What's next? Which Google app or service will be given a death sentence that'll send its dedicated users into a tizzy?
Right now, a lot of folks seem to be placing their bets on Inbox — the alternative Gmail interface that made its official public debut nearly three years ago. It's easy to see why Inbox could look like a target: First, a major Gmail redesign is essentially now confirmed to be looming — and leaked screenshots show the app adopting one of Inbox's key distinguishing features: native email snoozing. Gmail also got the Inbox-initiated Smart Reply feature a year ago.
Then there's the fact that progress on Inbox seems to have slowed down somewhat as of late. Google hasn't made any splashy Inbox-specific update announcements in some time, and — as my Twitter stream reminds me 17,000 times a day — the Inbox iOS app has yet to be updated to support the iPhone X's magical and revolutionary notch, despite numerous other Google apps receiving such support.
[Get fresh tips and insight in your inbox every Friday with JR's new Android Intelligence insider's newsletter. Exclusive extras await!]
All combined, it's enough to make you think about Inbox's future — especially after last week's word that Allo was basically being moved to "life support" status just a year and a half after its debut (one of the more ironic Google product pivots of recent memory).
According to Google, though, all the fretting over Inbox's future is much ado about nothing.
"With respect to the upcoming Gmail announcement, there are no changes to Inbox by Gmail," a Google spokesperson tells me. "It remains a great product for users with specific workflows and one in which we test innovative features for email."
Now, all of this isn't to say Inbox is eternally safe from the graveyard. (Is anything, ever, in life?) But it does give us some important perspective on where things actually stand with the service as of right now. And that perspective lets us know we can all stand down and breathe easy, at least for the moment.
A bit of Inbox balance
Beyond that official assurance, there's something to be said for balance. And I can't help but notice that for every point in the column of the "Inbox must be doomed" argument we've been hearing for the past several weeks, there's a point in an opposing column that overtly suggests otherwise.
Just last week, for instance, I started seeing a new A.I.-powered Highlights section in Inbox on both mobile and web. (Some people started seeing signs of the feature last fall; it appears to have been rolling out slowly since then.)
A few months ago, Inbox started giving me suggestions for unsubscribing from recurring emails I hadn't opened in a long time. (The first signs of that new feature showed up in mid-December.)
Not long before that, another new Inbox feature appeared that uses artificial intelligence to find and suggest emails that might require a follow-up or reply.
Outside of showing up in the Inbox app and website, none of these features was shown off or announced — no tweets, no official Google blog posts, no broad promotions — so it's understandably easy to overlook them. But they illustrate that at least to some degree, development has been continuing on Inbox over these past several months. The service may not be getting the same level of attention it once enjoyed, particularly in terms of promotion, but saying it's all but dead seems a tad melodramatic.
Inbox and Gmail: Differences remain
Even more broadly, the notion that all of Inbox's distinguishing features are now moving into Gmail is fairly misguided. Inbox continues to have a meaningfully different interface and system for sorting and managing messages than Gmail, with an emphasis on automatically organized bundles that appear in your inbox only at certain times — thus streamlining when and how you deal with them.
That system is connected to numerous other still-Inbox-exclusive features — like the service's automatic organization and presentation of trip-related bundles for travel, for instance, and its ability to pull out and present key details from messages right within the main inbox view.
Inbox also integrates seamlessly with Google's cross-service reminders system in a way no other app does, by collecting all of your reminders (set via Inbox, Assistant, Keep, or even just the Google search box) in a single place and allowing you to manage them. And it lets you attach specific reminders to emails in a clever and incredibly helpful way — a feature I've come to appreciate and depend upon for my own inbox organization.
The bigger Google email picture
If we look back to the time of Inbox's launch, we can get a good reminder of Google's initial commitment to the product and its hope for how things would progress.
"We think this is the inbox designed for the problems we're going to see in the next 10 years, and that's how we're going to build on this," then-product-director Alex Gawley told Mashable in 2014.
"We also know there's a whole bunch of things that people are doing inside Gmail that we want them to be continuing to be able to do as well," he continued. "We hope, in the long run, that most of our users will be on Inbox."
Jason Cornwell, Inbox's lead designer, expressed similar sentiments in an AMA ("Ask Me Anything") hosted by the Inbox team on Reddit that December. He also set some more specific parameters, in response to a question about whether Inbox might replace Gmail down the road:
In the short term, no. In the very long term, we hope so. Inbox is something new — that's why we're launching it as a separate product. We care deeply about Gmail and Gmail users, but in the long run, as we add more features to Inbox and respond to user feedback, we hope that everyone will want to use Inbox instead of Gmail. Ultimately, our users will decide.
It's hard to say for sure if that goal has evolved over time — or even how many users are actually using Inbox at this point. That sort of data isn't something a company is likely to divulge. I think we'd all agree it seems pretty unlikely that the majority of Gmail users are now using Inbox, but that doesn't necessarily mean the number of Inbox users is completely insignificant. The most recent clue I found dates back to October of 2016, when former Inbox product manager Vijay Umapathy responded to a question on Quora about Inbox's usage and whether an organization would be wise to focus its efforts on Inbox or on Gmail:
Let's just say Inbox has a non-trivial number of users and is growing, so you would be wise to support both.
The Inbox Android app, meanwhile, currently shows as having 10 million installations on Google Play, for whatever that's worth. It was last updated on April 5.
So, yes: Google may be giving Gmail some long overdue attention right now — but all considered, it sure doesn't look like Inbox is unused, abandoned, or set to be sunsetted anytime soon.
"But what company would be crazy enough to maintain overlapping products that compete for the same set of users?" one might ask.
At this point, I think you and I both know the answer.
Sign up for JR's new weekly newsletter to get this column along with bonus tips, personal recommendations, and other exclusive extras delivered to your inbox.
[Android Intelligence videos at Computerworld]
BEIJING: China will halt iron, iron ore and seafood imports from North Korea starting Tuesday, following through on new UN sanctions after US pressure for Beijing to strongarm Pyongyang over its ally's nuclear program.
The decision was announced on Monday after days of increasingly bellicose rhetoric between US President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un's regime, which has raised international alarm about where the crisis is headed.
Beijing had pledged to fully enforce the latest sanctions after the United States accused China of not doing enough to rein in its neighbor, which relies heavily on the Asian giant for its economic survival.
The Chinese commerce ministry said on its website that all imports of coal, iron, iron ore and seafood will be “completely prohibited” from Tuesday. Beijing had already announced a suspension of coal imports in February.
The United Nations Security Council, including permanent member Beijing, approved tough sanctions against Pyongyang on August 6 that could cost the hermetic country $1 billion a year.
The sanctions were in response to the North's two intercontinental ballistic missile tests last month, after which Kim boasted that he could now strike any part of the United States.
But Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi vowed after the UN sanctions were given the green light that his country “will for sure implement that new resolution 100 percent, fully and strictly.”
Regional tensions have mushroomed in the past week as Trump warned North Korea it would face “fire and fury” if it attacked the United States while the North threatened to test-fire its missiles towards the US Pacific island of Guam.
The war of words has sparked global concerns, with world leaders including Chinese President Xi Jinping urging calm on both sides in a phone call with Trump over the weekend.
South Korean President Moon Jae-In, a left-leaning leader who has previously advocated dialogue with the North, joined the appeals for restraint on Monday.
AFP
March 31 Valsoia SpA:
* Signs an agreement with Naturalia Ingredients Srl (Gruppo Industriale Maccaferri) for the acquisition of Diete.Tic
* Business unit will be transferred for a consideration of 8.8 million euros ($9.41 million) in addition to the net working capital of the branch
* Operation to be entirely financed with already available resources
* Diete.Tic operates in the segment of liquid sweeteners Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9353 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks as U.S. President Donald Trump looks on during their joint news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Donald Trump doesn't practice traditional diplomacy. As in domestic policy, but with a thicker fog of ignorance, Trump treats each issue of foreign policy or engagement as a separate event, and reacts to it according to his mood.
This behavior is unlikely to change. If it does not and Trump's presidency continues, the world, including the important part of it he governs, will become more dangerous. The considerable good that Americans do abroad will shrink. And the rule-based systems which the United States seeks to police will decay and be replaced with more regional and national confrontations and more failed states.
Trump's shifting moods have produced several notable flip-flops. Most prominent has been that on Russia, in part because he praised President Vladimir Putin again and again from mid-2013 to February this year. That stopped after the Syrian government's chemical weapons attack in early April, at which point Trump promised retaliation and switched from admiration to distrust of Russia, Syria's main ally.
It was a double switch – on Russia, but also on intervention. Trump ordered a missile strike on the base from which the Syrian planes staged their attack. He had vowed not to intervene in foreign quarrels, and had appeared indifferent about Assad remaining in power.
After criticizing China for manipulating its currency and destroying U.S. industry with cheap imports for much of his campaign, Trump changed his tone after an apparently friendly weekend with Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump's Florida resort. He had grumbled before meeting Xi that relations between the two countries had to be radically adjusted. After the meeting, and after receiving some encouragement for his view that China would put pressure on a North Korea threatening nuclear war, Trump shifted once more, asking rhetorically why he would be rude to China on currency manipulation when it was assisting him on North Korea.
For some in the foreign policy establishment, hostility toward Russia and cautious overtures to China was a return to the natural order of things, underpinned by the president's discovery that NATO was not obsolete after all. There's something in that view: Russia was never going to remain a favoured nation of America for long, and as early as his January meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May, Trump had appeared to agree when she told journalists that he was “100 percent” behind NATO. But to say he's become a “normal” foreign policy president is a stretch.
The basis of mainstream U.S. diplomacy has historically been a warm attitude toward traditional close allies, cool-to-aggressive toward opponents, and sometimes critical of authoritarian states with which business can or must be done. These postures are full of moral gulches and vast hypocrisies – many were exposed in Wikipedia's publication of U.S. State Department cables – but everyone knows how the game is played. Trump isn't like that. He makes no secret of his dislike of some close allies and appears to admire, rather than tolerate, authoritarian leaders.
In their first White House meeting, Trump pressed German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the United States' most important European ally, to meet NATO's military spending target, and in an awkward quip repeated his claim that he had been wiretapped by the Obama administration. He abruptly terminated his call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull after Turnbull asked Trump to honour the Obama era commitment to take over 1000 migrants from an Australian detention camp. Trump received Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau more politely, but a few weeks later blamed Canada for trade violations. He held Theresa May's hand as they walked through the White House Colonnade, but soon after criticized her secret services for spying on him, with no proof on which to base such a colossal charge.
By contrast, the president appeared to relish the first round success of French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, whose political lineage is racist, anti-Semitic, contemptuous of Muslims and intent on isolating France from both the European Union and the global economy.
He congratulated Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on the narrow and possibly manipulated victory in a referendum on increasing his power – which will likely lead to the newly empowered Erdoğan arresting and detaining more government officials, military officers, journalists and academics.
Trump treated Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, much more brutal with internal enemies than his predecessor Hosni Mubarak, whom he helped remove, like a long lost friend.
Trump's attitude to his southern neighbour, Mexico, has alienated the country's political class. President Enrique Pena Nieto cancelled a visit to Washington as Trump repeated his campaign promise to build a wall between the two countries and deport millions of Mexicans deemed to be illegal immigrants.
This is not mainstream diplomacy. It is, to adapt the president's customary designation of the press, lamestream diplomacy: lamed by lack of strategy, experience and often, common politeness, his preferences proceeding from a worldview which prizes displays of strength and is contemptuous of liberal allies.
Will this change? Of course – and in every which way. Flip-flops, switches and change make up the one unchanging theme of Trump's diplomacy.
BERLIN, March 29 Britain appreciates its partnership with Germany and wants to continue being an ally of other European countries, Prime Minister Theresa May said in an opinion piece for a German newspaper after triggering divorce talks with the EU.
"We really appreciate this long-lasting friendship and partnership between our countries," May wrote in a piece for the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, referring to Germany.
She said Britain wanted to "remain a committed partner and ally to Germany and all of our other friends on the continent" and added that putting up unnecessary barriers to business would be "damaging for us all". (Reporting by Michelle Martin and Paul Carrel; Editing by Madeline Chambers)
March 28 TOM TAILOR:
* Financial results for 2016 confirmed: sales and reported EBITDA within guidance range
* Increased FY group sales by 1.3 percent to 968.5 million euros ($1.05 billion) (previous year: 955.9 million euros)
* FY group EBITDA amounted to 10.3 million euros (previous year: 67.6 million euros)
* FY net result amounted to negative 73.0 million euros (previous year: 0.1 million euros)
* Slight growth expected for 2017
* For 2017 fiscal year executive board of TOM TAILOR GROUP is expecting a slight year-on-year rise in group sales, mainly thanks to TOM TAILOR umbrella brand
* Executive board expects a sharp rise in reported EBITDA in 2017 fiscal year
* For 2018 expects sales to reduce by divestment of our unprofitable brands, which will however partly be offset by profitable growth initiatives
* Expects that reported EBITDA will improve in 2018 by 30 million to 40 million euros with an EBITDA margin above 10 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9199 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 Ocwen Financial Corp
* Ocwen Financial issued statement in response to legal action filed by Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
* Ocwen Financial - "believes its mortgage loan servicing practices have and continue to result in substantial benefits to consumers above and beyond other mortgage servicers"
* Ocwen Financial Corp says "disputes" CFPB'S claim that ocwen's mortgage loan servicing practices have caused substantial consumer harm
* Ocwen Financial Corp says unaware of CFPB conducting any detailed review of ocwen's loan servicing files
* Ocwen Financial Corp says received various orders from state mortgage regulators, and are in process of reviewing them in detail Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SAN FRANCISCO Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) is recruiting engineers from Mexico to work on robotics and other automated equipment at its California factory, according to LinkedIn postings viewed by Reuters, part of a hiring push to ready the plant for mass production of the upcoming Model 3.
The electric vehicle maker, which prides itself on its "Made in America" credentials, aims to build 500,000 cars a year by 2018 at its plant in Fremont, California, south of San Francisco. That would be a six-fold increase from 2016.
A recruiting poster published on LinkedIn by Tesla's senior technical recruiter, David Johnson, listed 15 types of engineers the company would be seeking at a May 5-8 recruiting event in Monterrey, Mexico. (here:li:activity:6261290896936042496/)
Tesla did not immediately respond to a request for comment on its Mexico hiring plans.
The Silicon Valley carmaker is under the gun to accelerate production and save money as it readies for volume production of the Model 3 in September. The company's future profitability hinges on its success, and high hopes for the mass-market vehicle have helped push Tesla shares up 47 percent since January.
Mexico boasts a substantial pool of educated manufacturing engineers, with 19 automotive plants owned by global automakers including General Motors Co (GM.N), Ford Motor Co (F.N), Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCHA.MI) and Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE).
Tesla's Johnson wrote in a post that he hoped to interview manufacturing and mechanical engineers with experience in "Body in White" (BIW) manufacturing. That is the stage of assembly in which sheet metal components are welded together to make up the outer frame of the car.
"Check this out if you are interested to work with the most complex and automated equipment in our Fremont plant! We are looking for controls, robotic and weld engineers!" posted another Tesla employee, Dominik Knapp, on his LinkedIn page.
Tesla has been actively hiring in the past few months for assembly-line jobs at the Fremont plant. But finding manufacturing engineers, who are in even shorter supply than software engineers in Silicon Valley, is a tougher challenge.
Doug Patton, president of SAE International, a professional association of automotive engineers headquartered in Pennsylvania, said Tesla's search for engineers in Mexico underscored a dearth of talent in the industry.
"There are many more jobs than engineers, this is an engineering problem across the board," he said.
U.S. automakers and suppliers will sometimes bring employees from Mexican plants to the United States for short-term assignments, but Patton said he had not heard of any company recruiting on a "wholesale basis" as Tesla appeared to be doing.
Tesla's vice president of production, Peter Hochholdinger, has experience in Mexico, having been involved in the launch of Audi's high-tech plant in Puebla.
(Editing by Jonathan Weber and Matthew Lewis)
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
April 28 Petroshale Inc
* Petroshale announces financial, operating and reserves update and year ended December 31, 2016 results
* Petroshale's current production is approximately 2,800 BOE per day, an increase of 50 pct from Q4 average
* Year end 2016 P+P reserves increased to 31.5 million BOE, from 25.5 million BOE at December 31, 2015
* NPV10 of year end P+P reserves increased to $399.5 million, a 29 pct increase over $308.7 million last year
* "Expect to see improved differentials between WTI and Bakken crude prices in 2017 due to commencement of operations of dakota access pipeline" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain Football Soccer - Crystal Palace v Arsenal - Premier League - Selhurst Park - 10/4/17 Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger looks dejected after the match Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
LONDON Arsenal's despondent manager Arsene Wenger was left to assess the consequences of a "damaging" and "worrying defeat" after a toothless 3-0 reverse at relegation-threatened Crystal Palace on Monday left their top-four aspirations in jeopardy.
After a run of five defeats in eight Premier League games, Arsenal have fallen from second to sixth -- seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City who have played a game more.
In late January, Wenger's side were the nearest challengers to leaders Chelsea but they now find themselves level on points with seventh-placed Everton, who have played two matches more.
During Arsenal's plummet out of title contention only West Ham United and the bottom two, Middlesbrough and Sunderland, have collected fewer points.
"It's damaging, of course" Wenger, who has led Arsenal to 20 successive top-four finishes, told Sky Sports. "It's very worrying and disappointing the way we lost the game.
"On that front, that is the most difficult for us. It has consequences on our chances to be in the top four.
"Every defeat is a big worry. I've managed over 1,100 games for Arsenal and we're not used to that. It's a big worry.
"Unfortunately, it is like that and we have to respond very quickly and not accept it. I'm disappointed and determined to put things right."
DIFFICULT DEFEAT
The manner of the defeat at a buoyant Selhurst Park was of particular concern for a side who were outmuscled and outplayed in a performance that reflected a dire few months for the Gunners.
Andros Townsend, Yohan Cabaye and Luka Milivojevic scored for Palace, who were dominated the match and could have scored more goals. Arsenal, meanwhile, did not have a single shot on target in the second half.
Amid widespread concern about the team's recent performances under Wenger from disgruntled supporters, the Frenchman has had to deal with almost incessant questioning about his future.
"I face it in every press conference at the moment but tonight I'm not in the mood to speak about it," he told the BBC.
"Tonight the worry is not me, it's the fact we lost a big game and that's a big worry. We are in a difficult position.
"What counts are how we perform on the pitch, the players and myself and I feel everyone is focused in the club to do it."
Arsenal now face lowly Middlesbrough in the league next Monday before an FA Cup semi-final against Manchester City.
(Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud stands during a reception ceremony for British Prime Minister Theresa May in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, April 5, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
FILE PHOTO: Saudi King Salman salutes as he attends a graduation ceremony and air show marking the 50th anniversary of the founding of King Faisal Air College in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo
DUBAI The decision by Saudi Arabia's King Salman to restore cuts to financial allowances for civil servants and military personnel is being seen as helping the kingdom avoid recession this year while smoothing the path toward economic reforms.
Last September, the government sharply reduced financial perks for employees in the public sector, where most Saudis work, in one of its most drastic steps yet to curb a huge budget deficit caused by low oil prices.
On Saturday, Riyadh cancelled that step -- the first time it has reversed a major austerity policy since its budget crisis erupted two years ago. This followed widespread grumbling about stagnant living standards among ordinary Saudis.
Such perks include housing, vacation, and sickness allowances plus monthly bonuses for some state and military workers.
Analysts say the decision does not necessarily signal change in Riyadh's determination to eliminate its deficit. Instead, it may be a tactical move designed to help authorities implement a controversial economic reform programme announced last year by Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
That programme includes steps such as new taxes, domestic fuel price hikes, the transfer of much of the burden of development projects to the private sector from the government, and the sale of a stake in national oil giant Saudi Aramco.
By showing it is sensitive to the public welfare and is looking for ways to share the financial benefits of reforms with society, the government may now be able to push ahead with its programme.
"The government was forced to take extreme measures last year. Now they are more at ease with the fiscal situation so they are able to give something back to society," said John Sfakianakis, director of the Gulf Research Centre in Riyadh.
"They aim to continue the reforms, and they want to do it with society's support."
CONSUMERS' POCKETS
Analysts have estimated that restoring the financial perks would put around 50 billion to 80 billion riyals ($13.3 billion to $21.3 billion) annually in consumers' pockets.
Finance Minister Mohammed al-Jadaan told Al Arabiya television that payments would start by the end of May, just before the holy month of Ramadan, when Saudis traditionally splurge on holiday items and travel.
Deputy Economy Minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri said restoring the allowances was possible because Riyadh had made faster-than-expected progress in cutting its deficit.
The gap was 26 billion riyals in the first quarter of 2017, well below the government's projection of 54 billion riyals, he said. Riyadh has forecast a deficit of 198 billion riyals in 2017 and aims to eliminate the gap by 2020.
However, the boost to consumer spending from the restored public will eventually be offset by new austerity measures. A tax on tobacco and sugary drinks will be introduced in coming weeks, raising up to 10 billion riyals annually.
Officials also aim to hike domestic fuel and water prices in coming months, raising an additional 29 billion riyals. And a 5 percent value-added tax on most products is to be imposed at the start of 2018.
Nevertheless, Sfakianakis estimated restoring the public perks would add half a percentage point to the non-oil economy this year, bringing its growth to around 1 percent.
That could be enough for Saudi Arabia to avoid recession -- an important achievement for the economic reformers. A Reuters poll of analysts this month found them forecasting median Saudi gross domestic product growth of just 0.5 percent in 2017.
A 1.4 percent rise in the Saudi stock index on Sunday, led by retailing companies, showed investors expect a boost to consumer spending.
Authorities also signalled on Saturday that they intended to move ahead with a part of the reform programme that is popular among many ordinary Saudis: reducing corruption and making the government more transparent.
A royal decree dismissed the kingdom's information and civil service ministers and set up a committee to investigate allegations of abuse of the civil service office. The decree did not describe any specific allegations of wrongdoing.
(Additional reporting by Marwa Rashad Editing by Jeremy Gaunt.)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A leading University of Birmingham academic says drainage in Birmingham is not the reason for flooding this week.
Dr Chris Bradley, senior lecturer in Geography and Environmental Science, agreed with Birmingham City Council that drains were to blame for the weekend's flood when the system was overcome by the sheer volume of moving water which had nowhere to be contained at source.
Several parts of the West Midlands were flooded on the weekend, with further floods predicted on Thursday by the Met office.
And the grate where Pebble Mill Road meets Pershore Road was totally blocked up on Tuesday when we photographed it, so if it didn't need cleaning out before the storm it certainly does now.
Dr Bradley said: "I think the drains coped quite well on Sunday."
A Birmingham City Council spokesman added: “All grates and street drains are checked periodically for obstructions, with additional checks and cleaning undertaken in areas deemed be at high risk of flooding whenever a weather warning is issued.
(Image: Graham Young)
“This was an extreme weather event, with some parts of the city seeing a month's rainfall in just one hour, and the sheer volume of water entering the drains in such a short space of time has led to flash flooding in certain areas.
“However, we are satisfied that there were no issues with drain blockages and this is demonstrated by the fact the flood water in these areas drained away soon after the rain ended.”
A yellow weather warning has been issued for Birmingham and the West Midlands - with a risk of flooding on Thursday.
(Image: PA)
Thunderstorms are likely to affect southern parts of the UK from late Thursday morning through the rest of the day, the agency warns.
Storms are expected to move northwards into southern and some eastern parts of England during Thursday morning, with further heavy showers and thunderstorms developing across a wider area during the course of the afternoon and evening.
The Met Office warns: "Any thunderstorms over eastern England and the north Midlands will move through relatively quickly, but further south and west, they could become slow moving and lead to torrential rain in some places.
"There is the potential for 30-40 mm of rain to fall in an hour and perhaps as much as 60-80 mm in 2-3 hours.
"As well as this, frequent lightning and large hail are possible."
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduras' electoral tribunal said on Sunday that a partial recount of votes from the disputed presidential election showed broadly the same result as previously, giving the lead to current President Juan Orlando Hernandez.
Salvador Nasralla, presidential candidate for the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, hold a document after formally requesting to annul the results of the still-unresolved presidential election, in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, early December 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Cabrera
In the partial recount of 4,753 ballot boxes, the conservative Hernandez won 50.1 percent of the votes, against some 31.5 percent for his rival Salvador Nasralla from the centre-left coalition Opposition Alliance against the Dictatorship.
The tribunal did not specify exactly how many votes from the Nov. 26 election were recounted. There are some 18,000 ballot boxes overall.
Including all votes, Nasralla trails conservative Orlando Hernandez by 1.6 percentage points according to the official count, which has been questioned by the two main opposition parties and a wide swathe of the diplomatic corps.
Observers from the Organization of American States (OAS) issued a series of recommendations this week to authorities including a recount of disputed ballots.
Salvador Nasralla, presidential candidate for the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, shows a graphic to reporters while formally requesting to annul the results of the still-unresolved presidential election, in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, early December 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Cabrera
“What we can say is that the results of the recount are extremely consistent with what we had originally,” David Matamoros, president of the Supreme Electoral Tribunal (TSE) said.
The election has been plagued with problems since voting stations closed, sparking concerns of deepening political instability in the poor, violent Central American nation.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The tribunal declared Nasralla the leader in an announcement on the morning after the vote, with just over half of the ballot boxes counted. However, it gave no further updates for about 36 hours. Once results then started flowing again, Nasralla's lead quickly started narrowing, sparking a major outcry.
Since early December, the government imposed a curfew which is still in place in 5 of the country's 18 departments.
Opposition parties on Friday presented formal requests to annul the election.
On Sunday afternoon, opposition groups were expected to take to the streets to protest the results. The electoral tribunal has until December 26 to declare a winner.
(.)
SEOUL, March 30 The ratio of U.S. dollars in South Korea's foreign reserves rose to a record high last year as the Bank of Korea boosted dollar holdings ahead of rate hikes by the U.S. Federal Reserve, it said on Thursday.
The U.S. dollar ratio of reserves held by South Korea rose to 70.3 percent as of end-2016 compared to 66.6 percent in 2015, the central bank said in an annual report. That ratio was the highest since the BOK started publishing ratio data in 2008.
"We expanded the share of U.S. dollar-denominated assets on expectations the dollar would strengthen on hopes of interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve," the bank said in the report.
"The shares of other currency assets like the euro were reduced."
The BOK added it had acquired more government bonds last year in response to wider upside and downside risks from global events.
It also increased the share of stocks in its portfolio for high profits to boost liquidity while reducing that of non-government securities to manage overall investment risk, the report said.
In 2016 South Korea had the world's eighth-largest level of foreign reserves, with its holdings at a record $371.10 billion, up $3.14 billion from 2015. (Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
Big Bash League franchise Sydney Thunder have roped in former New Zealand quick Shane Bond as the head coach on a three-year deal.
The 42-year-old has tremendous experience under his belt, having previously worked with the Brisbane Heat as an assistant to his former teammate Daniel Vettori.
The New Zealander has enjoyed coaching stints with Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League and with New Zealand and England at the topmost level but only as an assistant coach.
"I've been a Bowling and Assistant Coach for eight years, but you're always thinking about how you'd do things yourself if you were leading a side," Bond said
"The chance to lead a programme at a club which is full of great people on and off the field was very appealing."
"I want to win trophies and have a squad of players and coaches that other teams are envious of. There are some exciting young players in the Thunder squad as well as some experienced old bulls, if we can blend that together we'll have a successful team. I'm looking forward to getting to Western Sydney and meeting the players and everyone in the organization," he added.
The 42-year old has featured for New Zealand in 18 Tests, 82 ODIs and 20 T20Is before retiring in 2010.
When Oakman Inns was founded 12 years ago by its CEO, Peter Borg-Neal, his vision was that he would not only create a highly-regarded, very successful business but that Oakman Inns would be a sustainable organisation that would contribute to its local community rather than exploit it.
Oakman, which runs the White Hart in Ampthill, is ditching plastic straws this weekend.
Peter Borg-Neal CEO of Oakman Inns
As the company's many awards and accolades testify, Oakman has consistently achieved those aims. However, over the years that vision has broadened to encompass a much more holistic approach to sustainability and the Oakman team always believes there is more to do.
Which is why Mr Borg-Neal and his colleagues are launching their own BAN THE STRAW campaign - #banthestraw - on Earth Day this Saturday April 22, declaring “we believe straws suck”.
The company currently uses over 100,000 plastic straws a month across its 17-strong group. While the company is highly-rated by The Sustainable Restaurant Association for its many green policies including plastic, glass and container recycling, the sheer number of straws consumed had begun to be a concern.
“Our monthly straw consumption sounds enormous, but compared to the estimated 500m straws that are used and discarded in the USA every day, it's still a hugely dangerous and an everlasting drop in the ocean. And that is rather the point, “explains Peter. “It sounds ridiculous, but it is entirely accurate to say, that every plastic straw that was ever made, still exists today. They pollute landfills, rivers, roadsides, sewers, beaches and of course oceans and this relatively small amount that this pub group is taking out of circulation, needs to be repeated by every one of my colleagues across the hospitality industry.”
If customers ask for a straw, they will, of course, be offered an eco-friendly alternative, as Oakman is entirely sympathetic to their customers' wishes.
Alex Ford, Oakman's operations director, said; “From 2020, all plastic cutlery and plates will be banned in France. Bangladesh was the first country in the world in 2002 to ban plastic shopping bags and California banned single-use plastic bags in 2014. Yes, the UK has introduced a charge for plastic carrier bags and has banned microbeads, the tiny plastic balls used in cosmetics and cleaning products, but I believe we all have to do more. Because pretty soon, every fish we eat will have ingested some plastic and that will become a truly global environmental disaster that will probably be impossible to solve.”
Peter added: “At Oakman we try to live by our values every day, and we hope that those values and our commitment to sustainability means that everyone here is contributing to a better future for us all.”
It's new Pokémon Trading Card Game expansion day, and fans are tearing into thousands of Sun & Moon Ultra Prism booster packs, searching for powerful new additions to their decks. I've only got four boosters, but no deck, so I like my odds.
I do most of my Pokémon TCG playing online, but I still like tearing open fresh packs, sniffling card stock and slotting the cards in binder pages. I'm hoping these four booster packs contain at least one or two of the new Prism Star cards, special versions of regular Pokémon, support and energy cards so powerful only one copy of each can be in a player's deck. There are only six of them in the entire expansion. They'll look especially nice in the binder sheets.
Here goes nothing!
Booster One, Ya Basic
Advertisement
It's always nice to see Eevee. These are some very pretty cards. A couple of them are orange, which I appreciate, while the blue and green provide a nice contrast. We've even got Turtonator in the mix. That's an uncommon; you can tell by the diamond shape in the lower left-hand corner of the card. The rest are common, and should probably just be thrown out.
Moving up a tier, there's Lopunny, the evolved form of Buneary, along with a Mars trainer card. My favorite Lopunny tactic is to hold it in front of my opponent's face and make rabbit noises.
Advertisement
Well I am definitely throwing out the other Eevee now. This one is shiny and covered with stars, which makes it a lot better. This pack's rare card is Drampa, one of the most charming Pokémon.
Not a great start. Some fine cards there, but I am looking for Prism Stars. None of these are Prism Star cards, so I just wasted five minutes.
Advertisement
Booster Two—Ice, Ice Baby
Hey look, a Buneary! Now I can make it evolve into Lopunny and put my ultimate plan into action. Also note Passimian. See how much text is on the card? The more text a card has the better it is. It's a well-established fact I just made up, one that's certainly not going to result in me getting yelled at on Twitter.
Advertisement
There are exceptions to this rule. Look at yarn Cherubi. Yarn Cherubi needs no words.
But otherwise yeah, more words, more power.
Advertisement
Setting aside my flippancy for a moment, HELL YEAH GLACEON GX. It locks your opponent's EX and GX abilities! It does splash damage to the opponent's bench!
I mean, whatever, it's no Prism Star.
EEEEEE!
Booster Three—Well, Poop
Pokémon TCG fans will notice I am not showing which energy cards I'm getting in the boosters. That's because they've all been basic. Except the one that came in this pack. It was special energy. You should have seen it.
Advertisement
You'll also notice that the picture quality changes for the last two packs. That's because my camera lights gave up hope of getting a Prism Star card. I'm still hopeful, even if every other card is a Buneary. I'm mostly kidding.
Advertisement
Fan Rotom is a nice rare, though I find its lack of shine or foil disappointing.
Oh well, one chance left. Big money. No whammies.
Booster Four—The Moment Of Truth
I may not be opening entire booster boxes like the guys on YouTube, but that just means the “moment of truth” gets here much faster. Inside booster four we have...
Advertisement
Eh, nothing much. You can tell from the relatively short text on each card. I am sure these are very nice when used in the physical game. Maybe someone out there reads this is going, “Aw man, he got two Turtonators across four packs? No fair!” I also got two Hippopotas and 8,000 Bunearies.
And the special cards are...
Advertisement
DAMMIT. These are the worst cards. THE WORST. I mean, I love the art on Roselia, and the green foil is quite attractive. And Garchomp seems pretty useful, especially combined with Cynthia. Maybe not the worst.
But none of them are Prism Stars, so they are the worst.
Well thanks a lot, The Pokémon Company. Your silly need to make certain powerful cards much harder to find than others has turned what could have been the feel-good story of the year into Geraldo Rivera opening Al Capone's vault. I am ruined.
Advertisement
Now if you'll excuse me, I am off to hug my Glaceon forever.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
A strongly pro-life ex-leader of the SDLP has that said the Eighth Amendment had contained “the seeds of its own destruction” by acting as an inflexible bar to all abortions.
Alasdair McDonnell told the News Letter the wording of that clause in the Irish constitution denied any “breathing space” to medical professionals who may have to deal with extreme dilemmas, making its downfall “inevitable”.
Dr McDonnell – a long-serving medical doctor who led the SDLP from 2011 to 2015 – stressed today he is “very, very robustly pro-life, I make no apology for it”.
He also said when it comes to the SDLP “the vast majority of the rank and file members are very robustly pro-life” too.
He was speaking after the Republic of Ireland voted on Friday 66.4% to 33.6% in favour of repealing the Eighth Amendment of the constitution, which said the lives of expectant mothers and their unborn children were to be treated as equal – essentially banning terminations.
The Irish government had pledged to introduce a law allowing unrestricted abortion up to 12 weeks if the Eighth Amendment was repealed, and abortion in exceptional circumstances up to 24 weeks.
“The Eighth Amendment had the seeds of its own destruction in itself because it was too absolute,” Dr McDonnell said.
He said it should have been “much more subtle” when it was drafted in 1983, adding: “I felt it was inevitable it was going to go.”
He cited exceptional situations such as fatal foetal abnormalities, as well as medical staff intervening in a conflict between the life of the mother and the child she is carrying.
He said medical staff should be allowed “breathing space” around such matters.
The latter issue came to a head in Ireland in 2012 with the death of dentist Savita Halappanavar, who was declined an termination during a miscarriage and subsequently died – with abortion campaigners blaming the tragedy on strict anti-abortion laws.
Though a law was passed the following year, clarifying that terminations could in fact be permitted if a woman's life was in danger, the case had already spurred large numbers of people to press for a wholesale relaxation of the law.
Dr McDonnell added: “I feel that the change in the south does have an indirect impact on the situation in the north, and it puts further pressure on our very robust pro-life position in the north.
“But the dilemma is we don't really know exactly what it means in the south until the legislation is produced – the referendum in the south only removed the Eighth Amendment.”
The wording of the Eighth Amendment, which was inserted into the constitution after a referendum in which 66.9% of voters approved it, read: “The state acknowledges the right to life of the unborn and, with due regard to the equal right to life of the mother, guarantees in its laws to respect, and, as far as practicable, by its laws to defend and vindicate that right.”
A statement from the People Before Profit party's spokeswoman on the issue Goretti Horgan, an Ulster University academic, said the campaign to repeal it had won despite “vicious lies and intimidation from Catholic bishop's [sic] and the Orange Order”.
She added that “from LGBTQ [lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer/questioning] marriage equality, to a woman's right to decide, Ireland is a changed country”.
She also described the party – which has designated as neither ‘unionist' nor ‘nationalist' in the Stormont Assembly – as being “a pro-choice 32 county socialist party”.
His last cabaret show was titled “Does This Song Make Me Look Fat?” Now comes “Isaac Mizrahi: Moderate to Severe,” running through Feb. 10 at Café Carlyle. “It's me going a little deeper about all the things I've spoken about before, like my weight fluctuations and my adulation of prescription drugs, with all new songs,” the 56-year-old fashion designer says. The longtime West Villager tells BARBARA HOFFMAN where he and husband Arnold Germer spend their weekends.
I always go swimming at Manhattan Plaza Health Club. It's nowhere near where I live, but it has a great swimming pool. I've tried pools in the Village, but I feel like an interloper at NYU and the pool at Equinox doesn't have any sunlight. This one does.
After that, I usually meet my husband at Elephant & Castle. I'm at this age where I'm not looking for a scene, I'm looking to sit down and have an actual breakfast — an egg-white omelet — and be done in half an hour.
After I take a nap, I like to go to different galleries in Little Italy. There's one I love very much: the Klaus von Nichtssagend Gallery. It's a sneaky little place that's hard to find. There's always some kind of insane show, either by one artist or a group, and it's always very fresh. I feel slightly old when I leave because everyone there's so young.
One of my favorite places is the dog run in Washington Square Park. It's so gorgeous and fun, and everyone's so nice. We have a mixed beagle and Jack Russell terrier, Dean, who has a Napoleon complex — he's not very big, so he's always humping bigger dogs. We're like, “Really, Dean?”
I'm in Bridgehampton a lot during the week and in the city on the weekend, so that's when I venture out to the theater. There's a different crowd of people on the weekends. If you go to a musical, everyone's dancing in the aisles and they give everything a standing ovation. I [recently] saw “The Band's Visit.” Oh my God, how great is that? I was literally sobbing and downloading the soundtrack as I was leaving the theater.
For years I've been looking in the windows of a little flower shop [University Floral Design] near La Petite Coquette, that great lingerie place — if you ever need a special bra, go there. That flower shop's so cute and chic. When that closes, I'm moving.
March 31 Beijing Tongtech Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 1.8 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 30 new shares for every 10 shares
* Co's the board agrees to elect Huang Yongjun as new general manger to replace Shen Huizhong who resigns due to change in job role
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/jxavoL ; goo.gl/F6IHtp
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-Athenex Inc shares open at $12‍ vs IPO price of $11/share​
* Athenex Inc shares open at $12.00‍ in debut on The NASDAQ versus IPO price of $11.00 per share​
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
(Adds quotes from governor)
KIGALI, March 29 Rwanda's central bank held its benchmark repo rate at 6.25 percent on Wednesday, governor John Rwangombwa said.
The bank reduced the rate by 25 basis points at its last meeting in December and Rwangobwa said that cut had not taken full effect hence the need to maintain the policy stance.
"We expect to see this continuing to support financing of the private sector," he told a news conference.
He said Rwandan franc was expected to depreciate by not more than 4 per cent while inflation was likely to stand at 7 percent by the end of 2017. (Reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana; Editing by Duncan Miriri)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
April 10 Adler Real Estate AG:
* Decides to tap the 2015/2020 corporate bond (350 million euros ($370.44 million); 4.75 pct) with target proceeds of 100 million euros and to call the 2014/2019 corporate bond (130 million euros; 6.00 pct) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9448 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Welcome to the start of our Radeon RX Vega coverage. Now we'd like to point out that we only received a Vega sample yesterday, on a Sunday. AMD ended up playing the role of the courier and hand-delivered the sample to us because the initial Vega 64 shipment got lost along the way. Those samples should be arriving later this week though, so expect follow-up coverage soon.
Due to the limited time we've had with Vega 56 we have put all our focus and energy on gaming benchmarks, with over 20 games lined up. Later this week, when we receive our delayed Vega 64 sample, we'll provide a more thorough review where we check for other GPU aspects such as overclocking, operating temperatures and power consumption.
On the upside, we were well aware Vega was on its way and set for release on August 14, so the second we wrapped up Threadripper testing, we changed gears and began GPU testing. All the data in this review is 100% fresh, we've recorded it over the last few days using the latest available drivers. As usual, the GPU testing was conducted on our Core i7-7700K test machine clocked at 4.9 GHz.
For now we have scores for the GeForce GTX 1080 Ti, 1080, 1070, and 1060, as well as the Radeon RX 580, and Fury X, covering performance at 1080p, 1440p and 4K resolutions.
At the head of AMD's new Radeon RX Vega family we have the liquid cooled edition of the RX Vega 64. This model features 64 compute units for a grand total of 4096 stream processors, or cores. It operates at a base frequency of 1406 MHz with a boost frequency of 1677 MHz. That's a far cry from the 1.9 - 2.0 GHz Nvidia's GPUs boost up to, but we knew the green team would still come away with a clock speed advantage.
Even at this frequency the RX Vega 64 LC Edition boasts a peak single precision throughput of 13.7 teraflops, that's more than the 11.3 teraflops the GTX 1080 Ti spits out and roughly 60% more than the Fury X.
The air-cooled model known simply as RX Vega 64 has the same number of cores, they're just clocked 11% lower for the base at 1247 MHz and 8% lower for the boost at 1546 MHz. As you might have guessed this has reduced the peak single precision throughput by 8%.
Then we have the cut down RX Vega 56 which we're testing today. It features 56 compute units for 3584 stream processors and that's a 13% reduction in core count when compared to the 64 version.
All three models come fitted with 8GB's of second-generation high bandwidth memory (HBM 2) which provides 484 GB/s of bandwidth for the Vega 64 cards and 410 GB/s for Vega 56. The only concerning specification here is the board power rating which sees the liquid cooled model slapped with a 345 watt rating, 295 watts for the air-cooled model, and 210 watts for Vega 56.
The base Radeon RX Vega 64 "black" is coming in at $500, set to match the current MSRP of the GeForce GTX 1080, and here AMD says it will become "the new GPU king." The limited edition air cooled version will come at a $50 premium, so $550 all up. Meanwhile, the faster liquid cooled Vega 64 model will come in at $600, undercutting the GTX 1080 Ti by $100.
The Radeon RX Vega 56 will come in at $400, priced alongside the GTX 1070. In my opinion the RX Vega 56 looks to be the best value proposition of the lot and as the most affordable model we're kind of glad this is where we're starting.
It's time we start looking at those blue bar graphs. Do note because we have tested with 25 games at 3 resolutions there are 75 (!) graphs in this review. We'll just focus on 1440p results for commentary due to time constraints, but the 1080p and 4K results will be shown alongside while discussing the 1440p numbers.
One last and very important note. Please be aware we no longer test with AMD or Nvidia reference graphics cards as we strongly recommend buyers avoid these models (due to the premium involved) and thankfully most consumers do anyway. So rather than testing with the GTX 1070 Founders Edition, we're using the MSI Gaming X model which is a little bit faster thanks to a better cooler and factory overclocking. You have the full list of graphics cards used in the table below as usual.
GPU Test System Specs Intel Core i7-7700K
Asrock Z270Taichi
32GB DDR4-3200 RAM (CL14)
Samsung SSD 850 Evo 4TB
Gigabyte Aorus GTX 1080 Ti Xtreme Gaming [11GB]
MSI GTX 1080 Gaming X [8GB]
MSI GTX 1070 Gaming X [8GB]
MSI GTX 1060 Gaming X+ 9Gbps [6GB]
AMD Radeon RX Vega 56 [8GB]
AMD Radeon Fury X [4GB]
Gigabyte Aorus RX 580 XTR [8GB]
Nvidia GeForce Game Ready Driver 384.94 WHQL
AMD Radeon RX Vega 17.30.1051 Beta 6a
Windows 10 Pro 64-bit
Benchmarks
Far Cry Primal
First up we have Far Cry Primal and here is a quick look at the 1080p and 4K results. Vega 56 trails the GTX 1070 at 1080p and 4K which is odd given it pulled ahead at 1440p. The margins were slim either way but even so we are surprised to find the Radeon graphics card hitting the lead by a 5% margin at 1440p.
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands
Moving to to Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands we see that AMD's new mid-range to high-end contender trails the GTX 1070 though this time matches it at the 4K resolution. Switching back to 1440p we see that performance is much the same, technically Vega 56 was a frame slower but you know, margin of error and all, so yeah pretty much the same performance in Wildlands.
Overwatch
Next up we have the hugely Overwatch and this is a title that was historically favored the green team and we find that yet again that is the case here with the GTX 1070 comfortably beating the new Vega 56 GPU at 1080p and 4K. Looking at the 1440p numbers we see that the 1070 is 9% faster on average which is a decent win for Nvidia.
May 2 Global Infotech Co Ltd
* Says its shares to resume trade on May 3 after acquisition plan
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2p435QM
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department has asked the public for help in locating 11-year-old Darren Costen.
According to police, Costen was last seen in the Nellis Boulevard and Stewart Avenue area on May 10 at around 8:00 p.m.
Costen was last seen wearing a red, black and gray stripped shirt, black sweat pants, and black and gray shoes, Metro said in a statement.
Police said that Costen is 5'1 and weighs about 90 pounds.
Las Vegas police said via Twitter Friday morning that Costen had been located and is safe.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
May 3 Magellan Midstream Partners Lp
* Magellan Midstream reports higher first-quarter financial results
* Q1 non-gaap earnings per share $0.96 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $0.98
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.90 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Magellan Midstream Partners expects to spend $600 million in 2017, $350 million in 2018 to complete current slate of construction projects
* Magellan reaffirms its annual dcf guidance of $1.0 billion for 2017
* Magellan expects to begin generating revenue from condensate splitter during second half of 2017
* Magellan qtrly total revenue $519.8 million versus $642.1 million
* Q1 revenue view $554.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Magellan midstream partners lp - net income per limited partner unit is estimated to be $3.75 for 2017, with second-quarter guidance of 85 cents
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.88 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.92 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Will get minor cosmetic changes and additional goodies like a 7-inch touchscreen infotainment system to challenge the Maruti Suzuki Ignis' reign in the segment
The Mahindra KUV100 is all set to receive a facelift before this Diwali. Slated for launch on October 10, 2017, the KUV is still shy of completing two years in the market. When launched on January 15, 2016, the KUV100 got off to a fairly decent start but it never picked up the pace since then. Although it's a bit early for a facelift (generally, facelifts are introduced between 2-3 years from launch), we believe the declining sales figures of the KUV100 post the launch of the Maruti Suzuki Ignis is the reason behind the upcoming facelift.
This facelift will perhaps give the KUV100 a sales boost as it is likely to come with a relatively toned down styling to attract a wider spectrum of customers. The styling of the outgoing model was quirky at best. Mahindra had updated the KUV100 earlier this year with a dual-tone paint option on the top-spec variant and this is likely to continue with the facelift as well. Along with other goodies, the latest update is likely to bring a larger 7-inch touchscreen infotainment system that was recently introduced in the TUV300 T10.
The Mahindra KUV100 facelift will carry forward the same set of motors - 1.2-litre, 3-cylinder petrol and diesel engines. The petrol engine puts out 83PS/115Nm, while the diesel produces 78PS/190Nm. These engines might get a slight retune for improved overall performance and fuel efficiency.
Though the TUV300 and the NuvoSport come with an AMT (automated-manual transmission) option, the KUV100 is yet to receive this option. The KUV100's arch-rival, the Maruti Suzuki Ignis, comes with an AMT option with both its petrol and diesel engines. However, Mahindra is unlikely to offer an AMT unit with the KUV100 facelift.
Since there won't be any major changes to the KUV100, we expect the prices of the facelift model to remain the same as the outgoing version, which is currently priced between Rs 4.63 and Rs 7.40 lakh (ex-showroom New Delhi).
Read More on : Mahindra KUV 100 diesel
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
NEW YORK (AP) — In Washington, even a name change is fraught with political drama.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is pushing to be referred to as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, a surface level, but notable change for the agency tasked with protecting consumers against debt collectors and banks.
Officials say the change reflects the bureau's legal name, but critics say it underscores the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney took over. The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act did create a "Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection" but that name has rarely been used, except occasionally in court filings.
Under Mulvaney, the bureau has proposed revisiting the regulations and policies the Obama administration put in place, and has also reduced the number of enforcement actions it has taken.
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 General view as forensic experts search the area where the expolsion occured Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke after the game was called off due to an explosion by the Borussia Dortmund team bus before the match Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 A message is seen on the big screen after the game was called off due to an explosion by the Borussia Dortmund team bus before the match Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Police and emergency vehicles are seen near the Borussia Dortmund team hotel after an explosion before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 The Borussia Dortmund team bus is seen after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Police near the Borussia Dortmund team hotel after an explosion before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 A Police motorcylce with the Borussia Dortmund team bus after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 The Borussia Dortmund team bus is seen after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Police with the Borussia Dortmund team bus after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 A Borussia Dortmund fan poses for a photo with police officers outside the stadium before the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Police officers outside the stadium with fans before the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Police officers outside the stadium before the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Police officers outside the stadium before the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Police officers outside the stadium before the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 General view of Police on horses outside the stadium before the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 A police officer outside the stadium with fans before the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
KARLSRUHE/DUESSELDORF, Germany German authorities arrested a suspected Islamist on Wednesday in connection with what Chancellor Angela Merkel called a "despicable" attack on a bus carrying players of one of the country's top soccer teams.
Merkel said she was appalled by Tuesday evening's incident, in which three explosions went off as the Borussia Dortmund bus made its way to a match. Spanish defender Marc Bartra suffered injuries to his arm and wrist.
The attack forced a 24-hour postponement of the team's high-profile clash with AS Monaco, which turned out to be a pulsating encounter that the visitors won 3-2.
"I encouraged everyone to take the game seriously but football is not the most important thing in the world," Borussia Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said after the game.
Police stepped up security for the rescheduled match and for a second Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday between Bayern Munich and Real Madrid.
An exit from the Dortmund stadium was briefly closed as police examined suspicious packages, but quickly re-opened.
Ralf Jaeger, interior minister in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia which includes Dortmund, said the investigation was looking "in all directions", and it was unclear if one or several attackers were involved.
A spokeswoman for the Federal Prosecutor's Office, which handles probes into suspected terrorism, said the explosive devices had contained strips of metal.
Spokeswoman Frauke Koehler said investigators had found three letters near the scene, all with the same content suggesting a possible Islamist motive.
She said the letters referred to the use of Tornado reconnaissance planes in Syria, which Germany has deployed as part of the military campaign against Islamic State, and also called for the closure of the U.S. military base at Ramstein in western Germany.
Investigators had identified two suspects from the "Islamist scene", searched their apartments and detained one man, she said.
DEFENDER INJURED
The blasts smashed windows on the bus carrying the players to the stadium. Bartra was operated on for a broken bone in his right wrist and shrapnel in his arm, a team spokesman said.
"We all agree that we are dealing with a despicable act," Merkel said at a business event in the western town of Allendorf.
"We were all appalled yesterday when we heard about the attack on the bus with the players of BVB in Dortmund," she added, praising Dortmund fans for offering accommodation to AS Monaco fans after the postponement.
Bartra, 26, joined Dortmund for 8 million euros (£7 million) last year from Barcelona. He has made 12 appearances for the Spanish national team.
The blasts revived memories of Islamist militant attacks in Paris in November 2015 whose targets included a stadium where France were playing Germany in a soccer friendly.
Security is among the issues at the heart of Germany's parliamentary election on Sept. 24, a tight battle in which Merkel is running for a fourth term. In December, a Tunisian man killed 12 people when he ploughed a truck through a Berlin Christmas market.
(Additional reporting by Joseph Nasr, Paul Carrel, Anneli Palmen and Jens Hack; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
FILE PHOTO: The corporate logo of the state oil company PDVSA is seen at a gas station in Caracas, Venezuela April 12, 2017. Picture taken April 12, 2017.
CARACAS ( Reuters) - Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA's revenue from oil and fuel sales in 2016 dropped 34 percent from the previous year to $48.0 billion, the company said in its annual financial results published Friday night, hurt by lower production and oil prices.
Net profit crashed nearly 90 percent to $828 million from $7.3 billion the previous year, the company added.
Economists tend to focus on PDVSA's PDVSA.UL revenue because of its multibillion-dollar contributions to anti-poverty campaigns, which make profit figures less relevant in assessing performance than for private firms.
The OPEC nation, led by unpopular leftist President Nicolas Maduro, has the world's largest crude reserves, at around 300 billion barrels.
But production has been dropping due to a severe economic crisis, underinvestment, and shortages of basic equipment in oil fields. (Full Story)
PDVSA said average crude oil production, including natural gas liquids dropped to 2.57 million barrels per day, from 2.9 million in 2015. Exports, meanwhile, averaged 2.19 million barrels per day, from 2.4 million the previous year.
The company, the financial motor of Maduro's government, highlighted that it had brought costs down from 2015.
PDVSA had sought to delay the release of its audited financial statements until Friday, it said in a letter sent to a bank serving as a bond trustee and seen by Reuters this month.
Auditor KPMG signed off on the financial statements by PDVSA, published just before midnight on Friday.
PDVSA highlighted it had made bond payments of about $8.8 billion last year, "despite constant attacks by the right-wing."
It added that as of year-end 2016, the company had financial debts of nearly $42 billion, or 6 percent less than in 2015.
A depleted Wales brought an overhyped Scotland back to earth in the Six Nations by doing what they usually do to the Scots in Cardiff - beating them.
The only surprise was the scoreline, a whopping 34-7 with a four-tries bonus point this morning.
Valid expectations of a tight contest - Wales without eight Lions, more than 500 caps, and Scotland willing to give it a lash - were ripped up in the first minutes as Wales started fast with two tries to lead 14-0.
Scotland settled and drew the majority of possession but kept dropping passes or conceding penalties and didn't stress the Wales defense until the very end.
Wales fullback Leigh Halfpenny, who hadn't scored a test try in five years, scored two for the first time since the same fixture in 2012. Back then he collected 22 points, on this occasion 24, becoming the third Welshman after Neil Jenkins and Stephen Jones to pass 700 points in tests.
After bombing at least three other tries, Wales bagged a bonus-point fourth with a Steff Evans dive and one-hand touchdown in the left corner. Hadleigh Parkes' last pass was forward and missed by the officials, but it began from yet another turnover and Scotland, which hasn't won in Cardiff in 16 years, couldn't complain about the margin of defeat.
Scotland strung its longest series of phases together at the end for a converted try for replacement center Peter Horne and prevented being blanked.
But the Scots, who have grown tough at home, still can't get over a woeful record away from Murrayfield: This was their 16th loss in their last 18 away matches in the championship.
Scotland's charity began in the sixth minute, when it was going nowhere near the touchline. Scrumhalf Ali Price tried a miss-pass, but straight to Wales counterpart Gareth Davies, who took the intercept 60 meters untouched to the try-line.
Then flanker Aaron Shingler blew through a huge gap, and captain Alun Wyn Jones was galloping to the line. But his offload wasn't as good as his forwards' support. No matter, Wales was still on attack, and Halfpenny expertly finished a two-on-one.
Scotland dominated the near half-hour to halftime but lapsed into error after error: Dropped passes, knock ons, a penalty kick not finding touch, and the backs shuffling the ball sideways, easily contained by Wales.
The interval did not provide a fresh start. Scotland captain John Barclay was penalized twice for hands in the ruck, and his Scarlets clubmate Halfpenny kicked both through the posts for 20-0.
Unlike Scotland, Wales wings Evans and new cap Josh Adams were making big yards on the outsides. A driven lineout, pick-and-gos, and Halfpenny had a second try, and made a third conversion from the sideline.
It wasn't the Halfpenny show, but he reminded of his importance after having been shaded by his Scotland counterpart Stuart Hogg, the player of the tournament in the last two years but who was hardly sighted in this match.
Wales kept threatening: Replacement prop Wyn Jones was held up by Scotland's Huw Jones, and replacement flyhalf Gareth Anscombe dropped a try-scoring pass from Alun Wyn Jones.
Crude Sulfate Turpentine Market: Overview
Crude sulfate turpentine (also known as sulfate wood turpentine) is a derivative product of turpentine acquired via the distillation of resin occurring in live trees, particularly pines. It is a flammable fluid which is insoluble in water but dissolves in certain solvents. Turpentine is also known as wood turpentine, oil of turpentine, and spirit of turpentine.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/crude-sulfate-turpentine-market.html
Crude sulfate turpentine is obtained as a byproduct of the Kraft process with the help of substrates and catalysts. Crude sulfate turpentine comprises terpene hydrocarbons and miscellaneous sulfur compounds. Terpenes are an extensive and varied class of organic compounds acquired from a range of plants, especially those belonging to the Pinopsida group.
Turpentine mainly consists of alpha-pinene and beta-pinene with smaller percentages of limonene, camphene, carene, and terpinene. Alpha-pinene and beta-pinene are isomers of pinene. Terpinenes are isomeric hydrocarbons belonging to the terpene class. Limonene, camphene, and careen are all cyclic terpenes constituting small amounts of turpentine.
Crude sulfate turpentine is primarily used in the production of fragrances and flavors. Major end-use industries of crude sulfate turpentine include cosmetics and food & beverages. It is also used as a solvent during the thinning of oil-based paints and production of varnishes. It acts as a raw material in the process of organic synthesis in the chemical industry too, especially in fragrant (aromatic) chemical compounds.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22250
Crude Sulfate Turpentine Market Trends
The utilization of crude sulfate turpentine by manufacturers is restricted due to the high amount of investments required in its distillation. This could act as a major restraining factor for the market. The limited retrieval of black liquor through the Kraft process is also expected to hinder the product's overall growth.
Alpha-pinene is employed as anti-inflammatory agent and is a constituent of a broad-spectrum antibiotic. Beta-pinene exhibits a woody-green, pine-like scent and is mainly used as an ingredient in perfumery. Fragrances ascribed to carene include pine-like, sweet, woodsy, cedar, and pungent; and its primary sources are rosemary, cedar, and pine extract.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
(Repeats to update poll data link)
* cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
By Shashwat Pradhan
BENGALURU, March 29 Australia's stock market is seen edging higher in 2017 and into the next year, a Reuters poll found, supported by broad optimism that has swept global equities in recent months though some analysts see risks from any aggressive U.S. interest rate hikes.
The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index closed at its highest in nearly two years on Tuesday, underpinned by hopes regulators will tighten the screws on mortgage lending to hose down a heated housing market.
The rapid surge in house prices over the past few years has raised fears of a property market crash, so the tighter rules are seen as tempering those risks.
While concerns still persist around the housing market, a strong rally in iron ore prices and the Reserve Bank of Australia's optimistic view about the economy have kept investor sentiment high.
The improved confidence has been supported by a rally in global stocks this year thanks to expectations U.S. President Donald Trump will cut taxes and ease financial regulations, which have pushed U.S. shares further into record territory.
According to the latest poll of 15 strategists, taken over the past week, the Aussie index is expected to rise 2 percent this year from Tuesday's close of 5,821.23.
That would mark the fourth straight quarterly Reuters stocks poll in which respondents have predicted a strong 2017 for Australian stocks.
The index is expected at 5,800 by mid-2017 and then rise to 5,950 by the end of the year before continuing its climb above the 6,000 barriers by mid-2018.
Sentiment has also been boosted by a sharp rebound in Australia's economy in the fourth quarter of 2016, as commodity exports boomed while consumers and the government lifted spending, extending the resource rich nation's 25-year streak of uninterrupted expansion.
But spiking bond yields and concerns around the pace of interest rate hikes in the United States are seen as the greatest risks facing the expected rally.
The Fed's widely-anticipated rate hike earlier this month was only its third since the global financial crisis. But it came earlier than what markets had expected only weeks before, and has set the stage for two more increases this year as the U.S. economy strengthens.
"The pace of U.S. monetary policy normalisation will need to be accelerated to accommodate the improving economic fundamentals - particularly in light of a much tighter U.S. labour market," said Andrew Tang, equity strategy analyst at stockbroker Morgans.
"We see higher global bond yields as a tipping point for equity markets towards the end of 2017."
When asked on the likelihood the Australian index falls 10 percent by the end of the year, most strategists said such a drop was likely.
"We have had four 10 percent or more pullbacks since the GFC (global financial crisis), that is four pullbacks of 10 percent in eight years. Since 2002 there have been seven pullbacks of 10 percent or more, suggesting a 50 percent chance," said Damien Hennessy of Heuristic Investment Systems.
"Causes could be more rapid hike in Fed funds, Chinese slowdown, and European politics."
(For other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll) (Reporting and polling by Benjamin Weir and Tom Westbrook in Sydney, Shashwat Pradhan and Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru; Editing by Rahul Karunakar & Shri Navaratnam)
Royal Bank of Scotland's outgoing finance chief has cautioned that now is not the “optimum” time for the Government to sell down the taxpayer's stake in the lender.
Ewen Stevenson said the recent slump in European stocks - sparked in part by jitters over the rise of Eurosceptic parties in Italy - might be a cause for pause as the Government prepares to privatise its near 72% stake in the bank.
Speaking on the sidelines of RBS's annual general meeting in Edinburgh, Mr Stevenson said the UK Government “don't talk to us about what their sell-down intentions are”.
“Last time they gave Ross [CEO Ross McEwan] a call out of courtesy a few minutes before they were due to start selling.”
However, the outgoing CFO played down reports that a 10% stake sell-off may be imminent.
“Obviously when you look at what's been happening in the markets in the last few days with Spain and Italy and a significant sell-off in bank stocks, I would be surprised if now is an optimum time to sell stocks.”
The Government is hoping to sell £15 billion worth of shares by 2023, around two-thirds of its stake.
However, it is facing a near-£26.2bn loss on its holding, with the lender's shares languishing well below the average 502p share price paid during the crisis era bailout, at around 276p.
The bank unexpectedly issued a market update on Wednesday to announce Mr Stevenson's resignation just hours before the RBS AGM.
The state-owned bank said Mr Stevenson resigned from his role to “take up an opportunity elsewhere”.
While it is unclear when Mr Stevenson departs, he will remain in his position to oversee an “orderly handover” of his responsibilities.
Mr Stevenson said now was the right time to move on.
“You've seen what we've done over the last four to five years - it's a very natural inflection point given the amount of stuff we've now cleaned up at the bank, so it's a very natural point to go off and do something else.
“I mean the bank's back in great shape, ready to be privatised, so I know people are always surprised by the news, but they really shouldn't be surprised by the trigger points that create the news.”
Mr McEwan credited him with helping resolve a number of the bank's “major legacy challenges” during his tenure.
The announcement of his departure comes just as executives are expected to face a barrage of questions from shareholders.
The bank is likely to be quizzed over plans to kickstart dividend payments after recently agreeing a $4.9 billion (£3.6bn) settlement with US regulators.
It is also facing pressure over plans to shut 162 branches in England and Wales following a review of its network.
RBS said earlier this month it was targeting sites close to other branches, as it starts to bring its Williams & Glyn network back into the core bank.
Henry Davis, an African American man from St. Louis, is quickly gaining fame on Twitter after posting a video of himself in tears, talking about how much President Trump means to him, and how proud he is to be an American.
The video, which has been retweeted more than 16 thousand times and liked more than 33 thousand times, shows an emotional Davis talking about how important the 45th president is to him, and how he has done so much to make America a better place, especially for African Americans.
Here's what you need to know about Davis:
1. Davis Uploaded the Emotional Video to Twitter After Watching an African American Woman Talk About How Much Her Life Has Changed Since Trump Took Office
Davis posted the video to Twitter on June 29, with the caption in all caps: “I'M LITERALLY IN TEARS RIGHT NOW BECAUSE OF DONALD TRUMP!!”
Davis starts the video talking about the president and some of the successful things that his administration has accomplished since taking office, and Davis recalled how a black woman named Celia Griffin praised Trump during a speech at the Foxconn factory in Wisconsin.
With tears streaming down his face, Davis states: “I'm just so proud, I'm just proud to be an American.” He goes on to talk about how he respected former president Obama while he was in office, but that “there ain't nobody like Trump.”
I'M LITERALLY IN TEARS RIGHT NOW BECAUSE OF PRESIDENT TRUMP!! pic.twitter.com/ZGBzKsnPSL — Henry Davis (@Henryhahadavis) June 29, 2018
“I'm just crying because I'm just — I'm like it's a good time to be alive. And to be able to witness what's really going on. And we got a chance — I'm just talking about from a black perspective. If you really want to work and get up off your a– and do something, you can do it.”
“Black people working – you know what I'm saying — jobs [are] coming back, factories [are] opening up,” he continued. “He's helping with the drug epidemic and all of that.”
2. Davis Posted Many Videos of His Political Views on Twitter & Created a Donald Trump Supporter Rally Song
Davis has over 42 thousand followers on Twitter and posts many videos, memes, and pictures, often expressing his support for Donald Trump and proudly expressing that he is an African American supporter of the president. Davis has uploaded several other videos discussing his thoughts on politics, including immigration issues, Maxine Waters and Trump's travel ban.
One video show Davis wondering aloud where illegal immigrants find the money to continue to pay people to sneak them across the boarder, while another video has Davis asking why anybody would try to sue Trump over the travel ban. Davis starts many of his videos telling his followers: “my name is Henry Davis. I'm from St. Louis, Missouri, I'm a black Donald Trump supporter.”
“I'd like to give a question to all of these states that are suing my Trump's administration for this immigration thing.” He also often adds the hashtag #GOTRUMPORCRY to many of his posts, his trademark slogan.
Davis also shares plenty of memes in support of the president, links promoting some of his merchandise with the Go Trump or Cry logo, and photos representing himself as a proud, black Donald Trump supporter.
He doesn't just post political videos however; he often posts his thoughts and feelings on other issues that are personal to him. He recently posted a picture of two black slaves with the caption, again in all caps: “I WONDER HOW THESE GUYS FEEL ABOUT BLACK MEN WALKING AROUND “SAGGIN” AND SHOWING THEY'RE UNDERWARE [sic] TODAY???”
I WONDER HOW THESE GUYS FEEL ABOUT BLACK MEN WALKING AROUND "SAGGIN" AND SHOWING THEY'RE UNDERWARE TODAY??? pic.twitter.com/AXO9vnknhW — Henry Davis (@Henryhahadavis) June 24, 2018
He even wrote a “Donald Trump Supporter Rally Song” that he taped and posted on Twitter. You can watch the video below:
3. He Was Invited to the White House by Dr. Darrell Scott, a Member of President Trump's Executive Transition Team.
The video of Davis crying and expressing his support of the president spread like wildfire across Twitter, with several thousands of retweets, and reactions of varying degrees of support.
You are a beautiful human being Henry Davis! #MAGA — Hoosit (@Hoosit) June 29, 2018
Henry, you made my day. I am so happy that your eyes are open to reality, you know truth and facts. You are an inspiration!! Henry Davis and Trump 2020 — Jay Sanders (@LADodgerMan) June 29, 2018
I'm crying! Henry Davis speaks for every supporter of the President!#MAGA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/vqLlZZmAng — Magic Motherboard Productions (@Seb_Aguanno) June 30, 2018
This is Henry Davis @henryhahadavis. It's refreshing to hear him speak from the heart about how he feels about #POTUS #TRUMP. Henry and people just like him are driving the #RedWave . https://t.co/L7cFVQgV60 — Bill Zackertonson (@zackertonson) July 1, 2018
Davis was even invited to the White House by Dr. Darrell Scott, an American pastor and a member of President Donald Trump's executive transition team.
“I can't SLEEP after getting a PERSONAL PHONE CALL from @ PastorDScott telling me that HE wants me to come to the White House with him to discuss joining the URBAN REVITALIZATION TEAM and meet THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES in a few weeks!!!!!! I'm SOOOO EXCITED RIGHT NOW!!” Davis wrote in another post.
I just got off the phone with @realkareemdream! HE IS THE REAL DEAL! HE has assured me that HE wants me to join the URBAN REVITALIZATION TEAM with @PastorDScott and @RealCandaceO!! Can't wait to meet her! It's really HAPPENING!! IN few weeks I will be in the White House!!!! pic.twitter.com/uhoFaYMIeA — Henry Davis (@Henryhahadavis) July 1, 2018
Davis also posted that he planned on performing his Donald Trump Supporter Rally Song for the president once he gets to the White House.
4. Davis is a Flatbed Truck Driver from St. Louis Missouri & is Skilled With Public Speaking & Singing
Davis is a flatbed truck driver for the company Stock Transport in St. Louis, Missouri. His Facebook profile shows that he was engaged in 2014 although he is current relationship status states that he is single, and he goes by the nickname “Heavy.”
“DONT HAVE TIME FOR DA GAMES!! IMMA GIVE IT TO YA SKRAAAAD UP! HEAVY,” his Facebook reads under “about Henry.”
He writes that his professional skills involve public speaking and singing, and has 79,316 followers on his Facebook profile alone.
He posted his favorite quote on his profile, which reads: “The Gods Make Fools of Those They Destroy,” followed by his nickname.
His Facebook timeline is filled with similar videos and memes as his Twitter, often praising Trump and expressing his unwavering support of the president.
5. Davis Says The African American Community is Doing Much Better Under President Trump's Administration
Davis wants to “rejuvenate inner cities with President Trump,” and has expressed his plans in another video that is currently circulating Facebook and Twitter.
“Help us spread the word about the liberty movement, we're reaching millions help us reach millions more. Share the free live video feed link with your friends & family: http://www.infowars.com/show,” a statement under the video reads.
The video, originally posted on YouTube under the account “War Room,” outlines why Davis supports the president so implicitly. He talks about how much the president has done for the black community, and why he believes that African American's are on their way to a better future with Trump in charge.
“This is a great time to be alive, God bless America man,” he says in the video after talking about his emotional Twitter video. “I can't understand the hysteria, and the craziness, and the resistance about this man. This man ain't done nothing to hurt America. Everything that he is doing right now is helping America.”
“Black people are going to work, black people got more money on their paycheck,” Davis says in the video. “In the hood … people going to work, people have income taxes are fatter because people don't have to pay for that stupid a– Obamacare, people getting car loans because they got a paycheck now. It's just a beautiful thing.”
Half of us (48%) confess to believing we are good or very good at DIY despite a third (33%) having admitted that they have suffered a DIY disaster.
A quarter of fearful Brits (27%) revealed that they wouldn't even dream of taking on a large DIY project themselves. However, of those who say they are terrible at DIY, 39% are still giving it a go with one fifth of Handy Andy's (17%) splashing out up to £500 to fix the error of their ways.
Time is money
Overall, 40% of DIY projects were underestimated in terms of cost, and 46% were underestimated in terms of time. Despite this, three quarters of people (76%) believe they saved money doing it themselves. Meanwhile eight out of 10 Brits would happily take on another significant DIY project, while 19% are putting their spanner to bed.
The survey, from money saving experts Voucherbox.co.uk has found that those with experience of kitchen renovations give a different tale as over a third (35%) report it's costing over £4,000. More than 1 in 10 (13%) cost over £10,000 and 6% over £20,000.
Building on a budget
35% of Brits prioritise redecorating and set aside an average £500 for the task while 15% are getting their green fingers at the ready to tackle gardening, with a budget of up to £1,000.
Of those who had recently re-decorated, almost three in ten (28%) stated it cost more than they anticipated, almost the same amount who believe they may have lost money by not hiring a tradesperson (29%). Whilst the majority (48%) took an average of 2 weeks to complete the re-decorating, 36% reported that it took longer than first expected.
Marco Piu, Voucherbox general manager, said: “Spring is a popular time to dust off those tools and start putting planned DIY projects into action. The survey revealed re-decorating is on the agenda for the majority of Brits, which makes it the perfect time to hunt for online deals.
“The survey also revealed several unfortunate incidents which are often the result of inexperience. DIY merchant blogs and social channels provide a great source of expert tips and best practice that will hopefully keep you from making a costly mistake.”
April 28 TECNOTREE OYJ
* TECNOTREE SIGNS THREE-YEAR MANAGED SERVICES AGREEMENT WITH A LEADING MIDDLE EASTERN OPERATOR VALUED AT 8.2 MILLION EUROS
* SAYS CUSTOMER IS A SERVICE PROVIDER IN ITS MARKET WITH 47 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS
* AGREEMENT IS VALUED AT 8.2 MILLION EUROS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRUSSELS European Union countries agreed on Wednesday new rules to combat dumping, a move that targets cheap imports of products such as steel from Chinese manufacturers.
The European Union and many of China's other trading partners have debated whether to treat China as a "market economy", which Beijing says was its right at the end of 2016, some 15 years after it joined the World Trade Organization.
For now, China is treated as a special case. Investigators from the EU determine whether Chinese export prices are artificially low by comparing them with those of a third country, such as the United States, rather than with domestic prices in China.
The European Commission, now backed up by the EU's 28 member states, believes the rules for China must be changed and has proposed that the normal reference value in dumping cases involving WTO members should be domestic prices.
However, if there are "significant market distortions", investigators can instead use international benchmark prices.
Such distortions would include state interference, from state-owned enterprises to arranging cheap financing or discrimination in favour of domestic companies.
Italy, which faces a general election within a year, had initially rejected the proposal, but agreed on Wednesday after a further line was added on distortions to include inadequate enforcement of bankruptcy, corporate or property laws.
The effects of globalisation, and dumping by China in particular, have become a charged political issue. French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday he would push the EU to raise anti-dumping duties.
The new proposal, which may have to be reworked before it secures European Parliament backing, is officially country-neutral, with no mention of China.
Critics have said the proposal shifts the burden of proof, meaning EU producers will have to show distortions rather than Chinese companies show their absence, and so risks opening Europe's doors to more cheap Chinese products.
"It is critical that the EU introduces an anti-dumping methodology that is not based on Chinese prices and does not place an additional burden of proof on EU industry," said Aegis Europe, an alliance of 30 European manufacturing industries.
(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop, editing by Larry King)
/ Front page / News
A HEAVY-rain alert was put in force for the whole of Fiji yesterday.
Fiji Meteorological Service director Ravind Kumar said this was in anticipation for the second trough of low pressure drifting over the group from the North.
"It is expected to start affecting the northern parts of the country from later tomorrow (today)," he said.
"This means that more rain is heading our way in the week ahead which is expected to become frequent and heavy at times with squally thunderstorms.
"Meanwhile, the trough of low pressure associated with cloud and rain that had been affecting over the weekend lies slow-moving over the group."
Mr Kumar said periods of rain would be heavy at times and continue to affect parts of the country.
"Expect periods of rain, heavy at times with squally thunderstorms over Yasawa and Mamanuca groups.
"For Vanua Levu, Taveuni and nearby smaller islands, Lau and Lomaiviti groups, expect occasional showers and few thunderstorms with showers increasing to rain and becoming frequent.
"Furthermore, strong north-west wind with average speeds of 45km/hr, gusting to 60km/hr over land areas of northern Vanua Levu to gradually ease tomorrow (today).
"Mariners can expect northwest winds 20 to 30 knots gusting to 40 knots with very rough seas and moderate northerly swells.
"Visibility will be poor in areas of heavy rain and thunderstorms.
"All communities are advised to remain alert as localised heavy rain over short period of time can cause flash flooding in low-lying areas given the ground is extremely saturated and river level remains elevated.
"General public is requested to take alerts, warnings and advisories seriously whenever it is issued and remain prepared at all times."
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
30 years ago the iconic DuckTales theme had everyone going ‘woo hoo' …. but what about the new Disney reboot of the show?
Never fear, the rebooted theme, while still an update, maintains the ‘woo hoo' and more.
Even the song's original writer Mark Mueller told MASHABLE that the team did “an amazing job.”
Disney XD also announced that DuckTales will be back on Saturday, August 12 with a one-hour television movie and then will debut with two new episodes on Saturday, September 23 on Disney XD, the Disney XD app, and Disney XD VOD on the same dates.
The reboot features an all-star cast that includes David Tennant, Danny Pudi, Ben Schwartz, Bobby Moynihan and Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
(Repeats to additional subscribers)
LONDON, March 29 The euro, the bloc's government bond yields and banking stocks fell on Wednesday after sources told Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April.
Small tweaks at the ECB's meeting earlier this month appears to have upset investors and raised the spectre of a surge in borrowing costs for the bloc's indebted periphery.
The euro sank to a week's low against the dollar on the report, down 0.7 percent to $1.0743. It also hit its lowest in a month at 119.05 yen.
Europe's government bond yields fell broadly, with benchmark German 10-year yields at a three-week low of 0.34 percent, down 4 basis points on the day.
Euro zone banking stocks hit a session low, down 0.8 percent, on reduced expectations of higher interest rates which boost banks' margins. (Reporting by London markets team; Writing by John Geddie; Editing by Dhara Ranasinghe)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
The programme will feature celebrity guests and music.
Celebrity Big Brother star Courtney Act has landed her own late night entertainment programme.
The Channel 4 programme has been dubbed the world's first Dragazine show and will feature an array of celebrity guests, studio items and music numbers.
Drag superstar Act, the alter ego of Shane Jenek, promised the hour-long Courtney Act Show, where “everyone is welcome”, would offer viewers “a gay old time”.
She said: “This is my show and I say come on in, all you heroic misfits, those of you who are a bit chipped around the edges … I want to welcome you all.
“You bring the open minds and I'll bring the open bar and we'll meet in the middle for a gay old time!”
Channel 4's commissioning editor for entertainment, Sarah Lazenby, said: “Courtney has undeniable star quality.
“As entertaining as she is emotionally intelligent, as savvy as she is sassy, Courtney was born to perform.
“We are utterly delighted she has chosen to come to the channel to host the world's first Dragazine show.”
Act won the latest series of Celebrity Big Brother earlier this year.
© Press Association 2018
April 3 Clean Diesel Technologies Inc
* Clean Diesel Technologies Inc files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing
* Clean Diesel Technologies Inc says expects to report revenues of $36.8 million for year ended Dec. 31, 2016
* Clean Diesel Technologies Inc says expects to report comprehensive loss of $24.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 Source: (bit.ly/2oQ69iX) Further company coverage:
April 19 Home Capital Group Inc:
* Home Capital Group makes statement on OSC administrative proceeding against the company and three individuals
* Believes that its disclosure satisfied applicable disclosure requirements, and allegations are without merit
* Allegations will be vigorously defended Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A market stall is seen between two High Street shops on Oxford Street in central London December 13, 2011. REUTERS/Olivia Harris/File Photo
LONDON British consumer spending increased at the slowest annual pace in more than three years in the first three months of 2017, in a further sign that one of the economy's main engines is losing steam as Brexit preparations begin, a survey showed on Monday.
Payment card company Visa (V.N) said real-terms spending increased 0.9 percent year-on-year in the three months to March, the weakest calendar-quarter performance since late 2013 and down from 2.7 percent in the last quarter of 2016.
In March alone, spending dropped 0.7 percent compared with the previous month, after being flat in February.
The survey adds to a growing mass of indicators showing that rising inflation - caused in part by the pound's post-Brexit vote tumble - is crimping consumer spending, just as Prime Minister Theresa May begins Britain's EU divorce talks.
"Our data suggests that consumer spending is beginning to slow from the strong levels seen in late 2016, as rising prices increasingly squeeze household purchasing power," said Kevin Jenkins, UK and Ireland managing director at Visa.
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney, speaking at Thomson Reuters' London office on Friday, said he would keep a close eye on whether consumer demand weakens in line with the central bank's expectations.
Last week pension provider Scottish Friendly and the Social Market Foundation think tank said 46 percent of households plan to cut back on spending. More than half of these households blamed the rising cost of living.
The Office for National Statistics releases inflation data for March on Tuesday. Economists polled by Reuters expect consumer prices rose at a 2.3 percent annual pace, unchanged from February's rate.
Visa's monthly figures are based on spending on its credit and debit cards, which it says account for about a third of consumer spending in Britain.
The figures are adjusted to strip out payments such as taxes that do not count as consumer spending, and to take account of the growing proportion of purchases made by card rather than with cash.
(Reporting by Andy Bruce, editing by David Milliken)
May 2 Citizens Financial Group Inc
* Citizens Financial Group expands M&A advisory team with Western Reserve Partners acquisition
* Citizens Financial Group Inc- transaction will be funded with cash. Terms were undisclosed. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The owner and chairman of Aston Villa might be known as Xia Jiantong in China, but he is Dr Tony in Aston.
But does that mean he will come running if you are choking on your balti pie?
Well, no.
Dr Tony is a doctor because he has a PHD, rather than for any medical reason.
He revealed to Villa fans after taking over the club that his qualification was in design in urban planning.
Xia attended the prestigious Harvard University in the US and Oxford University in England prior to racking up his multi-million pound fortune.
Before then, he reportedly started school two years early, at the age of four, with his parents telling the school he was six.
At the age of 14, he left home to attend university in China and was one of a select few sent abroad to study.
Dr Tony, who is thought to have spent £70 million to buy Villa, owns Chinese conglomerate the Recon Group, as well as other companies thought to jointly employ more than 35,000 people in 75 countries.
He is thought to have a net worth in the area of £1 billion.
He has invested widely from tourism, finance and logistics to IT, health, agriculture, transport and design. One of his companies – Teamex – was sold in a £430 million deal.
Dr lives in Beijing and is married to wife, Sally, with one one child.
He says he became an Aston Villa fan after watching them during his studies at Oxford.
MORE VILLA NEWS
What's Steve Round's sacking means for Steve Bruce
Steve Round was today sacked as technical director at Aston Villa by owner Tony Xia, writes Gregg Evans.
The club chairman decided to give Round the boot as preparations for next season begin.
Round was told this morning at Bodymoor Heath and it came as a shock, according to sources.
With CEO Keith Wyness leaving last month - and still no replacement lined up - Villa are now desperately short on senior figures with football experience.
The position of boss Steve Bruce is uncertain, too.
He will take the group out to Portugal tomorrow for a warm-weather training camp following their return to pre-season training yesterday.
It's understood that he will now adopt an old-school approach to transfers, targeting his own men, rather than liaising with Round, or any other sporting director for that matter.
Of course this is nothing new to him. He worked this way at his former clubs and will have no problems returning to that way, should he stay at Villa.
poll loading Are Aston Villa right to get rid of Steve Round? 500+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Bruce and Round got on well and enjoyed a good working relationship. There were never any signs that the manager struggled working under his first ever technical director, either.
The boss also had a certain amount of freedom to track the players he felt were right for the team, rather than just taking advice from the recruitment team.
Xia, meanwhile, has no plans to replace Round and will therefore leave the position vacant.
Outside investment could change the outlook depending on what the potential new board members want for the future.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The scouting department still remains staffed so Bruce will have trusted experts to turn to in the times ahead.
Club secretary Sharon Barnhurst will also provide support with incomings and outgoings over the summer.
But Villa need to sell before they can buy and will only be looking for freebies and loan signings in the weeks ahead.
#UPDATE Any person buying jewellery above Rs 50,000 will not be required to submit PAN or Aadhar Card details #GSTCouncilMeet
— ANI (@ANI) October 6, 2017
Any entity dealing in gems/ jewellery/ other high-value goods & has a turnover of Rs 2 Crore or more in a FY will not be covered under PMLA
— ANI (@ANI) October 6, 2017
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi led NDA government has put gem and jewellery dealers out of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) in the GST Council meeting held on Friday.It is believed that the move is taken to woo voters in the upcoming Gujarat assembly election as the decision will mainly impact traders in the poll-bound state.On Friday, GST Council also raised the threshold limit for Composition Scheme to Rs 1 crore and allowed quarterly return filing for traders having Rs 1.5 crore turnover to ease the tax filing for small traders.Rs 1 crore threshold in the Composition Scheme has been approved also by the GST Council members, sources said here on the sidelines of its ongoing meeting.Under the Composition Scheme, traders have to pay a fixed tax rate between 1-5 per cent.In view of the problems being faced by traders in filing returns every month, the Council has also arrived on a consensus to also allow quarterly return filing for inter-state traders having Rs 1.5 crore turnover.Council members have approved quarterly return filings for businesses with turnover less than Rs 1.5 crore, a Council member said.But the traders will have to pay GST every month, he added.In another major decision, the Council has exempted exporters from paying Integrated GST on imported inputs for a period of six months, another member said.(With inputs from agencies)
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – Kumba Iron Ore says it is on track to meet its full-year production guidance of 30-million to 31-million tonnes of iron-ore, on the back of a stable performance in the quarter ended March 31.
Kumba's production increased by 4% year-on-year to 10.86-million tonnes, driven by a 26% year-on-year increase in production at Kolomela to 3.5-million tonnes as a result of increased plant throughput.
Advertisement
Iron-ore production at the Sishen mine, however, decreased by 5% year-on-year to 7.3-million tonnes, as a result of lower dense media separation (DMS) plant production, owing to short-term mining feedstock constraints.
Waste stripping increased by 24% year-on-year to 42.2-million tonnes.
Advertisement
Production and waste stripping rates are expected to be maintained at the levels required to meet the full-year guidance.
Meanwhile, Kumba's export sales decreased by 1% year-on-year to 9.95-million tonnes, while domestic sales increased by 6% to 885 000 t.
WASHINGTON (AP) — After nearly three weeks out of sight, Melania Trump tried to put to rest speculation about her health and even her whereabouts as she continues to recover from medical treatment for a kidney condition. It didn't completely work.
Mrs. Trump tweeted Wednesday that she's "feeling great" and is at the White House working hard for children and American families. But she still didn't make a public appearance, leaving some skeptics still wondering about her condition and plenty more.
The first lady's tweet landed while her husband was participating in a White House event that seemed tailor-made for a first lady, as famous athletes joined President Donald Trump and his daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump on the South Lawn to promote youth sports and fitness.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing," Mrs. Trump said on Twitter. "Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Advertisement
The first lady's absence from public view has spawned all sorts of wild theories on social media and elsewhere: Has she moved back to Trump Tower in New York City? Is she cooperating with the special counsel's Russia investigation? Is her health in jeopardy? Has she entered the witness protection program? And so on.
Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when she accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea.
Four days later, the White House announced that the 48-year-old first lady had successfully undergone an "embolization" procedure to treat a benign kidney condition, and that there were no complications. She spent five nights at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in nearby Bethesda, Maryland. Some doctors familiar with the procedure but not involved in her care said people treated with embolization typically are sent home the same day or the next.
First ladies are under no obligation to make their medical histories public, and the White House has said nothing more about Mrs. Trump's condition.
On Friday, the president tried to assure reporters that his wife was doing fine.
Asked about the first lady's health before he boarded the presidential helicopter on the South Lawn, Trump pointed to the second floor of the White House and said: "She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us, right there."
Despite Trump's assurances, reporters didn't see any sign of the first lady watching from above.
Mrs. Trump is often viewed as a reluctant first lady, but her lengthy absence from public view comes after what was probably her most high-profile period in the role to date.
In April, she alone represented the administration at the Houston funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush. She joined the president to host the Japanese prime minister for talks at the Trumps' estate in Florida. That was followed by the French president's three-day state visit to the White House, which included the first state dinner planned under her watch for more than 100 guests.
Mrs. Trump capped it off in early May with a splashy Rose Garden rollout for her "Be Best" campaign to teach kindness to children. Trump watched from the audience.
Her popularity is rising, according to a recent CNN poll that found 57 percent of those surveyed saying they have a favorable impression of her, up from 47 percent in January.
A week after the first lady announced "Be Best," she was in the hospital.
She's been heard from — including tweets about the Texas school shooting, the newest Medal of Honor recipient and Memorial Day — but not seen since.
The first lady's longtime friend, Paolo Zampolli, thinks "she wanted to spend some quality time with her family."
Her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said the first lady has been meeting with her staff on the "Be Best" initiative and working on upcoming projects like the annual White House picnic for members of Congress in June and Fourth of July festivities.
Grisham said the first lady would like to be "out and about promoting her initiatives" but "her health comes first."
Jean Harris, who teaches political science and women's studies at the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania, said people so far seem to be giving the first lady "her space for a whole bunch of reasons."
But Harris said Mrs. Trump could end up being hurt by the fact that she made the long-waited announcement about her initiative — and then disappeared.
"If there's not that follow-up, I think people will begin to be a bit more critical than they have been," Harris said.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
MOUNT PLEASANT, Wis. (AP) — Property owners in southeastern Wisconsin who believe they won't be fully compensated for land Foxconn Technology Group needs to build a $10 billion plant are appealing a ruling dismissing their case.
A dozen property owners filed a federal lawsuit in January alleging the village of Mount Pleasant's use of eminent domain is unconstitutional because it is for private rather than public benefit. They say the offers for their properties are too low.
A federal judge dismissed the suit this month, calling it "not cognizable."
The Journal Times reports that the property owners' attorney filed the appeal Tuesday.
Advertisement
An attorney for the village says the legal appeal won't stop the project.
The Taiwanese company's plant will manufacture advanced liquid crystal display panels.
___
Information from: The Journal Times, http://www.journaltimes.com
A Trump administration official on Wednesday said decreasing military spouse unemployment is among President Donald Trump's priorities for improving the U.S. economy.
"We at the White House know the service and the sacrifice that each of you is putting towards the betterment of your nation," Kellyanne Conway, a senior counselor to the president, said at a military spouse hiring summit at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
"We also know many of our military spouses across the country are in search of employment," she added. "This is an issue that is under active examination and search for solutions in this administration."
Conway, who said spouse employment falls under her portfolio, said the administration is particularly interested in continuing public-private partnerships to help expand spouse employment opportunities and working with states to decrease the financial burden of transferring professional licenses over state borders.
Related links:
"We don't want military families to decide if they have $500 to put towards another license in a different state or $500 to put towards groceries or other necessities that month," she said. "We would like to continue to look towards a way to make sure those choices are not so difficult."
Conway spoke at a Military Spouse Employment Summit hosted by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hiring Our Heroes Foundation in Washington, D.C.
Transferring a professional license to a new state during a military move can be time consuming and expensive.
Although all 50 states and the District of Columbia have spouse license portability laws aimed at making transfers easier, the laws are not consistent and many only apply to specific career fields.
For example, teachers and attorneys are often excluded from the rules. And although federal officials can work to push states to adopt new rules, the decision to do so is ultimately up to the state lawmakers.
Meanwhile, military spouses remain unemployed at four times the rate of their civilian counterparts, with more than a quarter who took a recent survey working part-time or multiple jobs, according to a new U.S. Chamber Foundation report released at the summit.
The unemployment rate of military spouses, which was 23 percent in 2015, according to Defense Department statistics, has dropped to 16 percent, according to the Department of Labor.
But that rate is still four times that adult female Americans, according to the U.S. Chamber Foundation report, which is based on a survey of 1,200 active duty spouses or spouses of veterans who recently left the military.
"Our spouses live in a perpetual recession, so while the economy isn't in recession, as a whole we have some space to move for spouses," said Adam Jones, an economist at the University of North Carolina-Wilmington, who presented the finding at the event. "Clearly there's an opportunity here to do something."
Of the employed spouses surveyed, more than a quarter said they are working part time, while half of those said they would prefer full time work. More than 18 percent said are in a seasonal or part time job, and 71 percent said they are overeducated for their current job. Almost half said they took a pay cut to accept their current jobs. Over 88 percent said they have at least some post-high school education.
Many military spouses experience job hunt and employment woes due to frequent moves or getting stationed far from large cities in areas with slim job prospects. More than 65 percent of those surveyed had to quit their jobs for a military move. Nearly two-thirds of those needed more than four months to find new ones, and a quarter needed more than a year, the report says.
Spouse employment challenges also hurt military retention, the survey found. Some 43 percent of spouses surveyed said their employment ranked between an 8 and 10 -- with 10 being the most important -- as a factor on deciding whether to leave the military.
"That's kind of shocking," Jill Biden, spouse of former Vice President Joe Biden who helped lead a White House military spouse hiring program during the Obama administration, said at the event.
"If we hope to recruit and retain the best service members to build the best fighting force in the world, then we must address this military spouse employment issue," she said. "This is critical to our troops, to our military strategy ... it's simply unacceptable."
There are currently over 641,000 military spouses, according to the Pentagon, with over 92 percent of those female and almost half 30 years old or older. Over 40 percent of military spouses have children, and over 70 percent of those have children 11 years old or younger.
The Pentagon has programs to help military spouses find employment, including a job board through the Military Spouse Employment Partnership (MSEP) and education, resume and career support through the Spouse Education and Career Support program. Military spouse employment is also a key component in the department's offerings that help military families transition out of military life.
-- Amy Bushatz can be reached at amy.bushatz@military.com.
First, we will do tokenization in the Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK).
Note for Python 2: spaCy requires Unicode
In Python 2 you need to put u in front of strings, like this u"bob" .
Or you need to convert my_string like this
There are moments when miniscule adjustments to something wonderful can yield unforeseen enhancements. The addition of a dash of Maraschino liqueur to a perfect Manhattan. The application of a few Newton-meters more pressure in a deep tissue massage. Gold-plating the wire wheels on your Commodore Blue Continental Package-equipped 1985 Cadillac Eldorado Biarritz Convertible . So it is with the Aston Martin DB11 AMR, a slight tweak to the Aston Martin DB11 V12 — already one of our favorite grand tourers.The non-AMR DB11 hosts the ideal combination of profligate luxury, recherché exclusivity, and muscular performance. (The V8 is also ... fine .) But Aston Martin's new AMR performance sub-brand has drizzled its speed effluent onto the DB's componentry and software. The result borders on transcendent.AMR was launched at the Geneva Motor Show in 2017 as the storied British marque's go-fast subsidiary (its M or AMG , if you will). Inspired in name, if not in mission, by the Aston Martin Racing team, it has already resulted in the AMR-ization of a half-dozen Aston vehicles including iterations of the Rapide , Vulcan, Valkyrie, and previous-generation Vantage. The $241,000 DB11 is the seventh in that series, and it will take the place of the "base" DB11 V12 when it appears in the states later this summer.Since Aston recently opened the first of its fancy-pants AMR Performance Centers adjacent to Germany's famed Nurburgring racetrack, it seemed fitting that our test drive of the new car commence there. We snagged the DB's crystal-tipped key fob and spent a couple days tearing everywhere in the Rhineland region that wasn't the "Ring," including narrow wending mountain roads, expertly paved two-lane byways, and unlimited Autobahn über-highways.AMR's sorcery has, as noted, yielded relatively small changes on paper. The twin-turbocharged 5.2-liter 12-cylinder now makes just 5 percent more horses, for a total of 630. The dampers and springs have been stiffened by about 10 percent, the anti-roll bars front and rear by half that and half again. More rigid engine and transmission mounts have been added for greater stolidity. The transmission has been remapped for increased differentiation across the GT, Sport, and Sport Plus driving modes, selectable via a switch on the right side of the steering wheel. (The left switch controls the suspension damping, which has also been remapped.) And the torque vectoring and stability control software have been recalibrated as well to allow for more. There are also a bunch of darkened and carbon fiber bestrewed trim bits – but sadly, not any of Aston's lovely, subtle greys, or greens, or grey-greens.We were fortunate to be born with a butt-mounted g-meter and accelerometer, so we could measure readily the car's additional eagerness and its increased willingness to shift down under hard braking when entering a vicious S. It'll grab onto a gear through a sweeper and let it screech and blatter like a colitic Eurasian Eagle Owl. But most enticingly for incorrigible noise-hounds like us is the adjustments to the exhaust note that some AMR hooligan made, up-amping the volume in mid rev range and also allowing for near constant pop-off on overrun in Sport and Sport Plus mode. We left the car in Sport and Sport Plus — did you expect anything less?The DB11 AMR rewarded us for our choices. One could never accuse an Aston Martin of being impassive, but while we appreciated the refinement in the DB11 V12 when it was introduced in 2016, some haters complained that it had a bit too much reserve built into its software, and was perhaps too willing to intervene with the freeze ray when a driver wanted to get a bit more squanchy. The AMR has done a lovely job of un-nannying the DB without fully placing the infants in charge of the neonatal unit.This was most evident on the backcountry roads that meandered through the Eifel Mountains, where terraced grapevines clung to the steep hillsides and menacing three-armed windmills lurked whirring at every crest. The previous DB11 may have cut short the power, especially in the drizzle, but this new car allowed us to skip and skitter to our heart's content. Without the nannies, we enjoyed terrorizing our passenger, stunning some fancy ponies, and, thankfully, losing the F1-delusional Sprinter pickup conversion that had been tailing and attempting to hound us for the prior 30 kilometers.Even on the rare and inexcusable German road imperfection, or over a rural dirt track that may have led to a Absolut Verbotten sign and a deep mud puddle fronting an irresistible wildflower field photo op, the DB's sporty modes do not compromise your ability to maintain control of your brain stem and bladder, even when you're approaching brittle senescence as we are. It is hard to say what it is about the British character that causes them to produce cars that so resolutely combine compliance and adhesion, but whatever the root, the AMR delivers this compromise affectionately, even at triple digit speeds.Which brings us to the Autobahn. We did not have enough roadway to test out the Aston's claimed top speed of 208 mph — though, having driven the new Bentley Continental GT the previous week, we did notice some one-upmanship at play. (The Aston's top speed is 1 mph higher than Crewe's latest V12 grand tourer, its output is 630 hp vs 626 hp, and the 0-60 time is 3.5 seconds vs. 3.6 seconds.) But we did hammer the DB to around 150 mph on one open highway stretch during a sunny and dry portion of our second day, and it was not even beginning to awaken. We wished for more time, but at our age, we think that about almost everything.This is the thing about the extraordinary super GTs: They have a way of collapsing the world to an intimate bubble. One built just for you and your passenger. One through which you can transcend space-time, and one from which you hope never to escape. This truth, when applied to the DB11 AMR, needs no adjustment.
BOGOTA, April 5 Colombian state oil company Ecopetrol has restarted the country's second-largest oil pipeline, the Cano-Limon Covenas, after a series of bomb attacks halted movement of crude for seven weeks.
The pipeline began pumping again during the night, army sources said on Wednesday. Pumping had stopped on Feb. 15 in one of the longest halts since the pipeline came online in 1986.
Ecopetrol said in March that rebel attacks on the pipeline had cost Colombia 893,000 barrels of oil production this year, more than a day's worth of total national output.
Military sources attributed the estimated 30 attacks so far in 2017 to the leftist National Liberation Army, or ELN, rebels.
The reopening of the pipeline should soon permit production to resume at the Cano Limon and Caricare fields in northern Colombia. U.S.-based Occidental Petroleum Corp, which operates the fields, suspended output there in early March because of the attacks.
The ELN has about 2,000 combatants and opposes the presence of multinational companies in the mining and oil sector, saying they seize natural resources without leaving benefits to the country's population or economy.
According to Ecopetrol, attacks against the Cano-Limon pipeline have left 751 victims over the last 17 years, 167 of whom were killed. Since it opened, the pipeline has been out of service about 10.4 years, or 30 percent of its life. Some 66 million gallons of crude have been spilled since 2000.
The 485-mile (780 km) pipeline transports crude from the fields in Arauca province, near the border with Venezuela, to a port in the Caribbean Sea for export. The fields produce about 52,000 barrels per day, and the pipeline can carry up to 210,000 bpd.
Attacks on oil infrastructure by the ELN, which the United States and European Union consider a terrorist group, have been frequent during the group's five-decade war with the government. The attacks, which numbered 43 last year, cause oil spills and environmental damage.
President Juan Manuel Santos and the ELN began formal peace negotiations in Ecuador in February, but the group has stepped up its attacks since.
The ELN said in a video statement last week that it would continue attacks until companies listen to the rebels' environmental and social proposals. (Reporting by Luis Jaime Acosta; Writing by Julia Symmes Cobb; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
April 13 Celsion Corp
* Celsion Corporation reports preclinical results of Thermodox® for the treatment of bladder cancer published in the international journal of hyperthermia
* Celsion Corp - study reinforces Thermodox's unique, proprietary mechanism of action
* Celsion Corp - "a successful optima study will provide means to expand thermodox's utility for patients with bladder cancer." Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
World Cancer Day: These are the things you can do to help someone with cancer - 9 charities and non-profits from the US and UK come together to offer advice.
Media Contact
Alexa Chaffer
Director of communications, HealthUnlocked
alexa.chaffer@ healthunlocked.com Alexa ChafferDirector of communications, HealthUnlocked
End
-- Sunday February 4, is World Cancer Day, a day where people come together and unite in the fight against cancer.Being told you have cancer can be a very difficult time for anyone and getting the right support is incredibly important. Over the past year, we have seen more people than ever before coming to HealthUnlocked looking for support and to connect with other people who have cancer. We had a record 38,000 posts that directly mention the word 'cancer' on HealthUnlocked, with thousands more talking around the subject.We know that following a cancer diagnosis, friends and family often say they do not know what to do or say to them.What can you do to help someone with cancer?We asked nine charity and non profit organizations for their advice.People with cancer can be so overwhelmed, that reaching out to you about something they need is just another task to remember. If you know the person, try to think about their life and needs, and offer concrete ways and times that you can step in for them, whether it's making meals, taking care of their lawn, driving their children to after school activities, or offering to accompany them to appointments.Coping with a cancer diagnosis can be a very difficult and uncertain time. It is a huge challenge for the person, and also the family and friends. Being a support buddy that the person can talk to, can make a big difference and ease some of the uncertainty a person is likely feeling.Ask them if they want to do something enjoyable, that could be getting a manicure, or catching up over a coffee – anything to provide a moment that's about who they are beyond the cancer. Only the person can tell you what they need and what would help, so ask them!Help people with cancer in the same way that you help people without cancer. The best help you can offer is to listen and respond to what the person needs.Getting a cancer diagnosis can be a shock to both you and your partner or friend. Be there for them so that you too can hear first-hand the information the doctor is giving to them. This is likely to be a very difficult time, and information given at this time may be a bit of a blur and easily be forgotten. It may be useful to take notes so that you have both got something to reflect back on after the consultation has finished.Being told you have cancer can leave the person apprehensive and even fearful. People need support to talk through options and choices available to them. This support and advice and strength will help ensure they are in the best position possible.Volunteer or join an organisation or charity and help raise funds for research to improve the lives of people with cancer. Both survivors and caregivers tell us that they find value in advocacy and volunteer work. Cancer, especially lung cancer, is a devastating disease and being able to give back and help others can bring meaning and value to the experience with cancer.Some people with cancer can find it difficult to ask any questions they have. Offer to talk through their questions, discuss their goals and preferences fsbdt before they go to an appointment. This can help people engage in decision making and making sure they get the best, most personalized treatment. Knowledge can help them to feel empowered.Primary liver cancer is the second most common cause of cancer deaths worldwide. Since the liver cannot feel pain, patients are often diagnosed in the late stages of the disease where the only options are palliative drugs that extend life but provide no cure. If you know someone diagnosed with primary liver cancer, you can help them seek a second opinion as well as researching clinical trials immediately.For more information on cancer and support visit https://healthunlocked.com/ cancer ENDSThe HealthUnlocked ( https://healthunlocked.com/ ) platform is a popular social network, with growing numbers of users and traffic each month. It is the second largest private health website in the UK, and in the top 20 globally.HealthUnlocked uses technology and AI to connect and bring people together with the same health conditions, where they share experiences and answer each other's questions on the disease or condition.HealthUnlocked provides 700 online health and wellbeing communities, across more than 200 different health conditions.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
North Las Vegas police block off an intersection on May 24, 2018 after a deadly crash. (Luis Marquez/FOX5)
One person is dead and another was injured in a crash on May 24, 2018. (NLVPD/Twitter)
North Las Vegas police said they are investigating a deadly crash Thursday morning.
Officers responded to the crash just before 5:30 a.m. at Tonopah Avenue near Pecos Road.
According to police, a silver Honda was heading eastbound on Tonopah when it collided with a parked truck, causing it to move about 50 feet.
The 29-year-old driver of the vehicle was pronounced dead at the scene, police said. The 23-year-old male passenger was taken to University Medical Center in critical condition.
Police said speed may have been a factor in the crash.
The intersection is closed from Belmont Street to Brand Street, police said. Drivers were urged to use alternate routes.
An investigation is ongoing.
Police said this was the 13th traffic-related fatality in North Las Vegas' jurisdiction.
Further details have not been released.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
B.C. Liberal leadership hopefuls Mike de Jong, Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee seemed to be enjoying the show at their recent debate in Kelowna, as apparent front-runners Andrew Wilkinson, Todd Stone and Dianne Watts went toe to toe for party member support.
As their arguments became more heated in front of a packed room, de Jong and Lee were doubled over in their chairs to muffle their laughter. Sullivan suggested the next debate should be a cage match.
A quick summary of the Floggin' in the Okanagan: Wilkinson waved a glossy copy of his platform, insisting only his is costed to balance budgets. He had a former deputy finance minister look at Stone's, pronouncing it a deficit-prone spending spree.
Stone fired back that his plan is balanced but bold, describing Wilkinson's as old and tired, like its author.
Both of them turned on Watts, who remains embarrassingly unprepared for B.C. politics since resigning her Conservative MP seat. Plan? She doesn't even have the proverbial cocktail napkin with scribbled notes on it.
As in the Prince George and Nanaimo debates, Watts was grilled on complex issues like forest policy, and she didn't have a clue. Watts has money, name recognition and almost nothing else. If any party members still think she's Christy Clark 2.0, they haven't been paying attention.
Watts has a vision, but can't articulate it. She promises to listen, then blames the B.C. Liberals for losing 11 seats because they didn't listen. Her opponents remind her that she only joined the party in May.
I usually don't give polls the attention that even dogs do, but this is not a general public decision. Interim B.C. Liberal leader Rich Coleman tells me party membership is about 40,000 people, as sign-ups continue until Dec. 31 in preparation for an online vote to be revealed Feb. 4.
Those members have all been phoned and door-knocked by the leadership teams, and the candidates must have a good idea where they stand.
If there's a front-runner now, it's Wilkinson, formerly a cabinet minister, party president, city lawyer and country doctor. He reminds everyone that his MLA support is more than all other candidates combined.
Cabinet veterans Mary Polak (Langley), John Rustad (Nechako Lakes), Michelle Stilwell (Parksville-Qualicum), Norm Letnick (Kelowna-Lake Country) and Mike Morris (Prince George-Mackenzie) are in Wilkinson's camp, along with experienced backbenchers Donna Barnett (Cariboo-Chilcotin) and Laurie Throness (Chilliwack-Hope). Newcomers Ellis Ross (Skeena), Tracy Redies (Surrey-White Rock), Doug Clovechok (Columbia River-Revelstoke), Tom Shypitka (Kootenay East) and Joan Isaacs (Coquitlam-Burke Mountain) have come on board, showing Wilkinson has party support all over the province.
Stone is backed by MLAs Peter Milobar (Kamloops-North Thompson), Greg Kyllo (Shuswap), Jane Thornthwaite (North Vancouver-Seymour) Coralee Oakes (Cariboo North), Ian Paton (Delta South) and Steve Thomson (Kelowna-Mission).
Stone, a smooth-talking former technology entrepreneur from Kamloops-South Thompson, likes to describe himself as young and “relatable,” playing to the perception of Wilkinson as an elitist from wealthy Vancouver-Quilchena.
De Jong trailed Clark and Kevin Falcon in the 2012 leadership campaign, and judging by the latest debate, he seems resigned to third or fourth again. He's endorsed by Surrey South MLA and former cabinet minister Stephanie Cadieux, fellow Abbotsford MLA Simon Gibson, Chilliwack's John Martin, Richmond's Teresa Wat and Peace River South MLA Mike Bernier, who dropped out of the leadership contest early on.
De Jong's record as finance minister is both his greatest strength and weakness, as he tries to emphasize five balanced budgets and move past the penny-pinching reputation that members blame for the election loss.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca
(Repeats for additional subscribers)
BAGHDAD, April 2 Iraq has given OPEC assurances it will fully comply with an agreement to cut oil supply in order to bolster crude prices, OPEC Secretary General Mohammed Barkindo said on Sunday.
Compliance with the deal agreed by OPEC and non-OPEC producers at the end of last year to cut supply is "encouraging," Barkindo told an energy conference in Baghdad.
"The focus is now to rebalance the market," he said.
He described as "very constructive" meetings he had on Saturday with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and other Iraqi leaders in Baghdad.
He saluted Iraq's "flexibility" in the talks that helped bring about an agreement between the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries and non-member oil producers. (Reporting by Ahmed Rasheed; Writing by Maher Chmaytelli; Editing by Mark Potter)
NEW YORK More companies, including carmaker BMW and insurer Allstate, have pulled their advertising from Fox News' "The O'Reilly Factor" television program days after the New York Times reported Fox and star host Bill O'Reilly paid five women to settle claims he sexually harassed them.
On Tuesday, BMW of North America, Allstate Corp, French pharmaceuticals maker Sanofi SA, direct marketer Constant Contact, men's clothing company Untuckit and mutual fund operator T. Rowe Price all told Reuters they were no longer advertising on the show. British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline Plc said it would temporarily suspend its advertising.
"In light of the disturbing allegations, we instructed our media buyer this morning to reallocate our ad dollars to other shows effective immediately," Untuckit Chief Executive Aaron Sanandres said in an email. Untuckit is among the biggest advertisers on the show.
Shares of Fox News parent Twenty-First Century Fox Inc fell 1.2 percent to $31.75 on Tuesday.
Ads pulled from O'Reilly's show were being moved to other programming on the network, said Paul Rittenberg, the channel's executive vice president of advertising sales.
"We value our partners and are working with them to address their current concerns about the O'Reilly Factor," Rittenberg said in an emailed statement.
Ainsworth Pet Nutrition also reportedly suspended its advertising, though Reuters could not confirm the report. Hyundai Motor Corp told the New York Times it was reallocating future advertising on the program.
Mercedez-Benz said on Monday it was suspending its advertising on the show.
The New York Times reported over the weekend that Fox and O'Reilly paid $13 million to five women who accused him of sexual harassment. O'Reilly, in a statement posted on his website on Saturday, said he had been unfairly targeted because of his prominence.
The National Organization for Women on Tuesday called for O'Reilly to be fired and demanded an independent investigation into the "culture of sexual harassment" at Fox News. "The reported use of his powerful position to repeatedly manipulate women reveals a cruel misogyny that runs to the core of his character," the group said.
According to ad-tracking firm iSpot.tv, Mercedes-Benz bought an estimated $266,477 of commercials on the show over the past 30 days, the tenth most, and spent $1.3 million in 2016. Hyundai purchased $102,902 worth of commercials over the last 30 days, and $913,445 in 2016. The South Korean automaker also spent $644,788 in 2016 for Kia spots.
Untuckit spent $365,556 in the past 30 days and $1.36 million in 2016. Sanofi spent more than $1 million in 2016, while GSK spent $565,962 to advertise last year.
"The O'Reilly Factor" is Fox News' most watched program and is coming off the highest-rated first quarter in its history, averaging 4 million viewers, according to Nielsen.
(Reporting by Tim Baysinger. Additional reporting by Caroline Humer in New York.; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Andrew Hay)
Renderings of a new beer garden coming to Paso Robles, to be located next to Chubby Chandler's Pizza on Railroad Street.
Courtesy of the city of Paso Robles
BRASILIA Brazil's annual inflation rate is likely to hit a 6-1/2 year low and approach the government target, helped by easing food costs and moderating increases in the price of imports as the Brazilian currency strengthens, a Reuters poll showed on Wednesday.
Consumer prices were seen rising 4.57 percent in the 12 months through March, down from 4.76 percent in the previous month, according to the median of 22 estimates that ranged between 4.52 and 4.63 percent. BRCPIY=ECI
That inflation rate would be lowest since August 2010. The government targets inflation at 4.5 percent.
Last Thursday, Brazil's central bank said that lower inflation could allow it to step up its pace of interest rate cuts and help pull the economy out of its worst recession on record.
Consumer prices were seen increasing 0.25 percent in March from February, slowing from a 0.33 percent rise in the previous month, according to the median of 25 forecasts of between 0.20 and 0.30 percent. BRCPI=ECI
The data will be published by the national statistics bureau IBGE on Friday at 9 a.m. local time (1200 GMT).
Food prices have fallen in recent months, driven by good expectations for this year's harvests.
A more than 5 percent increase in the value of the Brazilian real BRL= this year against the dollar has slowed the rise in the price of imports for consumers, particularly in manufactured goods.
In a central bank survey released on Monday, economists forecast annual inflation would fall from nearly 11 percent in early 2016 to 4.1 percent by the end of the year.
Accordingly, the central bank is expected to cut its benchmark interest rate from the current 12.25 percent to 8.75 percent this year.
(Reporting by Silvio Cascione Editing by W Simon)
April 2 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has not ruled out a Premier League title push ahead of a showdown with leaders Chelsea next week after his side had to settle for a 2-2 draw at Arsenal on Sunday where the hosts twice came from behind.
City's point moves them on to 58 after 29 matches, 11 behind Chelsea, whose previously relentless title pursuit was halted with a surprise 2-1 home defeat by Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Second-placed Tottenham Hotspur look most likely to benefit from the leaders' slip up but Guardiola's side know they can close the gap to eight points with a win at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday.
"Anything can happen," the Spaniard told Sky Sports. "We know what we have to do against Chelsea. We'll head back up to Manchester to prepare, and then head back down to London.
"We play against a team who are stable in what they do," he added. "We don't have too much time to prepare."
City led Arsenal through Sane's opener and then Sergio Aguero's sharp finish but the hosts twice fought back and rescued a point through Theo Walcott and Shkodran Mustafi.
Midfielder Fernandinho was optimistic that Chelsea, who beat City 3-1 away in December, can be pegged back.
"The Premier League is still open," he said. "We have a tough game at Chelsea away, and to be close to them we have to win that game. We showed we came here to win the game. It was a missed opportunity." (Reporting by Ed Dove; editing by Ken Ferris)
Embassy of India, Kathmandu, continues to monitor the developing situation in Simikot/Hilsa route of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra (through Nepal). As of July 3rd 150 stranded pilgrims have reached Simikot from Hilsa, an extremely difficult terrain. And 104 pilgrims were brought to Nepalgung from Simikot.
The Embassy, in coordination with local airport authorities and flight operators, operated 7 commercial flights today vide which 104 pilgrims were brought to Nepalganj from Simikot, which is a fairly big city with all modern facilities and three hours road connectivity to Lucknow, India.
According to Indian Embassy, the Embassy is continuously in touch with Nepal Army, which has kept a helicopter in a state of readiness to operate as and when weather improves.
The Embassy operated special helicopters to bring dead bodies of the two Indian nationals - Leela Narayanan from Kerala) and Satya Lakshmi Narayana Subba Rao Grandhi Veera Venkata from Andhra Pradesh), along with five accompanying passengers, to Kathmandu and Nepalganj respectively.
The first person died in Simikot (on 2nd July morning), possibly due to High Altitude Sickness; while second person succumbed to Heart Attack in Tibet and was brought to Simikot (on 3rd July morning). All necessary assistance is being provided by the Mission for an early repatriation of the mortal remains to India.
The Embassy, in liaison with civil authorities, is also providing medical facilities to the stranded pilgrims.
Indian Embassy has sent a four member team to Nepalganj on July 3rd evening. The team would reach Simikot and Hilsa at the earliest and set up camp offices to facilitate assistance to the stranded pilgrims.
The situation continues to be under control and there is no need to panic. In case weather continues to improve, the Embassy is confident to evacuate all stranded pilgrims over the next three four days.
Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said that India has requested Nepal Army to evacuate Indian Pilgrimage stranded in Hulma.
“We have requested Government of Nepal for army helicopters to evacuate stranded Indian nationals,” Sushma Swaraj, External Affairs Minister, tweeted. The pilots of Nepal Army are well experienced in flying helicopters over terrain. But, with the weather continuing to be inclement, it appeared to be difficult to start evacuation by air early on Tuesday, sources in New Delhi said.
“We have set up hotlines for pilgrims and their family members who will provide information in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam languages,” tweeted Swaraj.
CTV Vancouver
Mounties in Burnaby are looking for a suspect vehicle and its driver after a hit-and-run that sent an officer to hospital Wednesday.
The officer, who was on foot at the time, was trying to stop a driver who was allegedly using an electronic device behind the wheel at around 10 a.m., the RCMP said in a statement.
According to investigators, "the police officer signalled for the driver to pull over, the driver failed to do so and struck the officer with his vehicle," police said.
The suspect was last seen driving south on Willingdon.
The Mountie, who has not been identified, suffered a broken arm and remains in hospital.
"Incidents like this show the danger our officers face each and every day as they perform their duties in the City of Burnaby," Supt. Chuck McDonald said in the release.
"What started as a traffic stop has left one of our members injured, we'd ask that the driver of the vehicle that struck this officer to do the right thing and contact police."
The suspect vehicle is believed to be a grey Dodge Nitro SUV.
The driver is described as a South Asian male with a heavy build, a shaved head and a tattoo on his left arm. He was wearing a white T-shirt and grey sweatpants at time of the incident.
Anyone with information is asked to contact investigators at 604-646-9999.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Troubled international retail conglomerate Steinhoff (SNHJ.J) (SNHG.DE), whose shares plunged last week after disclosing accounting problems, said on Sunday it had appointed two advisory firms ahead of a meeting with lenders on Dec. 19.
The South African company said it has appointed U.S. investment bank Moelis & Co (MC.N) to advise the company on talks with its lenders, and has asked management consultancy AlixPartners “to assist on liquidity management and operational measures”.
More than $14 billion (10.5 billion pounds) was wiped off the market value of the Johannesburg and Frankfurt-listed group last week after it announced it was ordering an independent investigation into its accounts and said its CEO was leaving.
“The group is currently fully focussed on safeguarding operational liquidity to continue funding existing operations throughout its various subsidiaries,” the company said on Sunday.
“In this context, the group is asking for and requires continued support in relation to existing facilities from all its lenders to achieve an immediate stabilisation of the group's financing,” it added in a statement.
On Friday the company had said it was postponing its regular annual lenders' meeting in London from Dec. 11 to Dec. 19 as a result of it having postponed its financial results pending the outcome of the accounting investigation.
“The purpose of the meeting will be for the group to provide an update on its ongoing operational and financial situation. An agenda for the meeting will be circulated ahead of 19 December 2017,” the company said on Sunday.
It's the first non-classical or jazz work to win the award.
Columbia University president Lee Bollinger presented the prize to Lamar calling the prize-winning album a "virtuosic song collection unified by its vernacular authenticity that offers affecting vignettes capturing the complexity of modern African-American life."
Lamar has been praised and lauded for his deep lyrical content, remarkable live performances, and his profound mix of hip-hop, spoken word, jazz, soul, funk, poetry and African sounds.
The Honourable Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Raji Fashola (SAN) will represent His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari (GCFR) at Saturday's 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying showdown between Nigeria and Zambia in Uyo.
According to a media statement from the Media Department of the Nigeria Football Federation, the former governor of Lagos State will fly into the Akwa Ibom State capital on Saturday and will be joined by the Senate President, Abubakar Bukola Saraki,and Minister of Youth and Sports, Barr. Solomon Dalung.
Other government dignitaries expected at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium on Saturday are the Chairmen of the Senate and House Committees on Sports, Senator Obinna Ogba and Hon. Goni Bukar Lawan.
Host Governor, Udom Emmanuel and members of the Akwa Ibom State cabinet, NOC President Habu Gumel and Members of the NFF Executive Committee and Management will also be present.
Nigeria's Super Eagles, leading the 2018 World Cup African qualifying Group B with 10 points need a win in Uyo to join the rest of the ten teams who are already through to the Mundial in Russia.
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
DUBAI, April 13 Bank Muscat, Oman's largest lender, posted a 1.1 percent increase in first-quarter net profit on Thursday as net interest income and income from Islamic financing rose.
Net profit rose to 44.2 million rials ($114.8 million) for the quarter to March 31, up from 43.8 million a year earlier.
Gulf Baader Capital Markets had forecast a profit of 41.6 million rials, while EFG Hermes expected 45.7 million.
Net loans and advances rose 2.7 percent to 7.10 billion rials while deposits fell 0.8 percent to 7.59 billion rials.
Net interest income rose 1.5 percent while income from Islamic financing climbed 8.2 percent.
($1 = 0.3850 Omani rials) (Reporting by Tom Arnold; editing by Jason Neely)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Chipata High Court has issued a bench warrant for three witnesses in a case of murder after they failed to appear before court on two occasions.
The state applied before Judge Mwamba Chanda that a bench warrant is issued to allow for the witnesses to attend the court session where 27 year old Yohanne Libonde is appearing for murdering his uncle.
The state said Matulino Ingwe, Tasila Mbewe and Stanley Libonde were witnesses in a case where Yohanne Libonde of Chuni village in Chief Mpezeni's area in Chipata is accused of murdering his uncle, Size Mbewe in 2012.
The court heard that in December 2016 when the matter came up, the witnesses failed to appear before High Court Judge Mwila Chitabo who was sitting in the Chipata High Court.
The court ordered that a bench warrant be issued on 10th October, 2017 so that the witnesses can appear before court for the commencement of trial.
All the three witnesses who are reported to be relatives of the accused are alleged to have fled their homes.
Meanwhile, a Teacher who allegedly murdered his wife in Katete district has appeared for trial in the Chipata High Court.
Appearing before Judge Mwamba Chanda was Tobias Mwale, 33, a teacher at Omelo Mumba Primary School in Katete, who is accused of murdering his 26 years old wife, Mumba Kalaba, who was a nurse.
The state secured ten witnesses to testify but at the time of the accused first trial, only three were before court.
Before the state could proceed to call witnesses, the defense, through Legal Aid Counsel, John Phiri, applied that it had information that the accused suffered from Schizophrenia, a mental disorder involving a breakdown between thought, emotion and behaviour.
The disease also leads to faulty perception, inappropriate actions and feelings including withdrawal from reality into fantasy and delusion.
The defense said according to information obtained, the grandmother, mother, father and sister of the accused all suffer from the same illness.
He said pursuant to section 17 sub section one of the criminal procedure Act of the laws of Zambia, the accused should be referred to any competent government medical institution to ascertain his state of mind and how it could have been at the time of committing the offence.
And Judge Chanda said the court had taken into account of the application by the defense and granted that the accused be taken to hospital to ascertain his mental state at the time of committing the offence for the purposes of sentencing.
But the court said that for the purposes of trial, the court will proceed with the three witnesses who were called to testify.
Particulars of the offence are that Tobias Mbewe, on 16th July, 2017, allegedly murdered his wife, Mumba Kalaba, after a quarrel at their matrimonial home in Katete.
April 13 J2 Global Inc -
* J2 Global completes five acquisitions in q1 2017
* Terms of individual acquisitions were not disclosed
* Financial impact to J2 is not expected to be material with respect to acquisitions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Prada Spa
* FY EBIT was euro 431.2 million, or 13.5 pct on net revenues
* FY net income was Euro 278.3 million, or 8.7 pct on net revenues
* FY net sales were euro 3,139.3 million, down 10.4 pct
* Board of directors of has proposed a final dividend of euro 0.12 per share for twelve months ended January 31, 2017
* FY net revenue euro 3.18 billion versus euro 3.55 billion
* Retail sales for twelve months ended January 31, 2017 were lower by 13.9 pct at current exchange rates Source text (bit.ly/2p7G4Nj) Further company coverage:
Confused Luton Thames Water customers are wondering why their bills are paying for projects in London.
A resident of the Bushmead and Biscot area of Luton is concerned that residents' waste water charges had increased by around 3.6%.
His Thames Water leaflet stated this rise included inflation, and investments, such as the Thames Tideway Tunnel.
The new project is a 15-mile-long sewer that will capture millions of tons of sewage, which would be otherwise overflow into the tidal River Thames.
But the resident claimed: “I don't know why they are making us pay for the tunnel - it says around £13 of the average household bill for 2016/17 will go towards the project! But our wastewater doesn't go to London or Thames Valley!”
However, a spokesman from Thames Water said: “This is a must-do project, giving greater capacity to a sewer system built in the 1850s.
“The total cost of the project for bill payers over time will be between £20-25, before inflation. £13 of that total is already accounted for in today's bills and that will not change for the new pricing year.
“The cost is always spread across the entire customer base as this is the fairest way to do it. So any major work in Luton is helped to pay for by people in London, and vice versa. Milton Keynes residents have also helped fund investment to protect beaches far away in East Anglia.
“Most of our customers live in London. They provide huge financial support for non-London customers, who would be faced with considerable costs if investments in their areas were funded only by local bill-payers.
“All water industry price limits are set independently by the industry regulator Ofwat, to protect customers. See: https://corporate.thameswater.co.uk.”
The tunnel project is being delivered by a separate company, known as Tideway, and will be completed by 2023.
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Camber Energy Inc-
* Camber Energy- co's chairman, Fred Zeidman, has tendered his resignation as chairman and as member of board of directors, effective Aug. 7, 2017
* Camber Energy Inc - company is evaluating all strategic alternatives. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Arizona Cardinals could negotiate a contract extension this offseason for star running back David Johnson, but even if nothing happens, he and teammate J.J. Nelson will get a nice pay increase for the upcoming season. They have met the threshold for the league's prove performance escalator, according to Over the Cap.
Players drafted in the third round or later actually find themselves in a situation where they are potentially worse off financially than those who go undrafted.
NFL rookie contracts for draft picks are four seasons. Undrafted player typically are signed for three years. If they perform well, they can become a restricted free agent, where, if tendered, they make no less than $1.9 million in their fourth season.
Because of this inherent unfairness, players drafted in the third round or later can get pay increase equal to that of the lowest tendered restricted free agent. They must either have played in 35 percent of their team's overall snaps in their three seasons or for two, or they can hit that 35 percent mark in two of the three seasons individually.
Johnson and Nelson meet those requirements.
Johnson, although he appeared in only one game in 2017, played in 41.8 percent of the Cardinals' snaps over the last three years. He played in 37.5 percent of the Cardinals' offensive snaps as a rookie and then more than 83 percent of them in 2016. Getting injured in Week 1 of 2017 limited him to 4.1 percent of the snaps, but even with the injury, he still easily made the 35-percent threshold overall.
Nelson did not make the three-year total, appearing in only 34.1 percent of the team's snaps over his three seasons. However, he did reach that minimum in each of the last two seasons. He played in 40.9 percent of Arizona's offensive snaps in 2016 and 48 percent of them last season.
The result is more than $1 million more than their original contract called for this coming season. Each were scheduled to make $705,000 in the final year of their rookie contract. Instead, they will earn $1.9 million.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
April 12 Airbus AGM
* CEO says does not expect another big financial hit from A400M this year
* Shareholders agree to change listed entity's name to Airbus SE from Airbus Group SE Further company coverage: (Reporting By Tim Hepher)
Several fire departments were called out to a mobile home fire in Jackson, SC Friday evening.
The call came in at around 5:41 p.m. The abandoned single-wide is on Goodman Road near Foreman Road in Jackson. No hydrants are available in the area around the mobile home, so several trucks were brought in to help with the fire.
No cause of the fire has been given. The mobile home is a total loss.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
A proposal to move a lifeguard tower from Hanakaʻōʻō Beach Park about a mile north to Puʻu Kekaʻa (often referred to as “Black Rock”) in Kāʻanapali, is up for discussion.
The Maui Department of Fire and Public Safety will hear public input at a meeting on Tuesday as they discuss “the sheer number of fatal ocean drownings that have occurred at the location” in the past decade.
The department will also explore potential solutions to address what department officials have called a “disturbing trend.”
The subject is still in its early stages and has garnered support from Fire Chief, Jeff Murray and Maui Mayor, Alan Arakawa to to entertain the idea of moving the station closer to where the vast majority of fatal ocean drownings have occurred in Maui County. The meeting begins at 5:30 p.m. on Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017 at the West Maui Senior Center.
In October of 2014, Mayor Arakawa responded to public inquiry about the potential for placing a lifeguard tower at the site. At the time, the Mayor noted that there were no County lifeguards at Puʻu Kekaʻa because it is a non-County beach; however, the county was meeting with state and Kāʻanapali Resort officials at the time to work toward establishing a contract similar to the one for Mākena Beach. The idea was to allow for a state-funded lifeguard tower near Puʻu Kekaʻa with a land easement provided by the landowner.
Drownings are the leading cause of death for visitors to Hawaiʻi, according to data released by State epidemiologist Dan Galanis. With the Health Department data, Maui now averages 12-25 drownings a year. Between 2005 and 2014, there were 15 drownings in the Puʻu Kekaʻa area, 10 of them in the three year period between 2011 and 2014 (see graphic above). New data shows that 21 drownings occurred at Puʻu Kekaʻa between 2007-2016, with 17 of them happening over the five year period between 2011 and 2016.
According to the State Department of Health, between 2007 and 2011, there were 67 drownings on the island of Maui, 3 on Molokaʻi, and 2 on the island of Lānaʻi. The report states that there were 16 drownings (including 15 non-residents) from Kāʻanapali Beach to Hanakaʻōʻō Beach Park on the western coast, including six in 2011. There were nine drownings (including eight non-residents) from Mākena Bay to Big Beach (Oneloa Beach), and another four drownings near Molokini Island.
ADVERTISEMENT
Recent Reported Incidents at Puʻu Kekaʻa:
Dec. 4, 2017: A 47-year-old visitor from Moorpark, California died after being pulled from waters Pu‘u Keka‘a where he had been snorkeling with family members.
March 31, 2017: A 69-year-old woman from Bakersfield, California, was transported to the hospital in critical condition after collapsing at the beach fronting the ocean at Puʻu Kekaʻa “Black Rock” in Kāʻanapali. Authorities say the woman had been snorkeling on the south side of Puʻu Kekaʻa with another family member. After feeling uneasy, the woman reportedly swam back to shore and exited the water, collapsing as she walked up the beach.
Sept. 14, 2016: A 38-year-old man from Pasadena, California was transported by paramedics to the Maui Memorial Medical Center in critical condition after being pulled unresponsive from waters on the south side of Puʻu Kekaʻa.
July 18, 2016: Samuel Williams, 67, of Texas was pulled from waters at Puʻu Kekaʻa or “Black Rock” in Kāʻanapali after he was found unresponsive on the ocean floor at around 10:30 a.m. on Monday, July 18, 2016. Efforts to revive the man by beach-goers and emergency personnel were unsuccessful and the man was pronounced dead at the scene.
July 5, 2016: 47-year-old Joseph Ramaikas of New Jersey died after efforts to revive him were unsuccessful. He was snorkeling about 75 yards from shore when he became distressed and yelled for help.
Dec. 27, 2015: A 36-year-old man from Korea died after being found unresponsive in waters near Puʻu Kekaʻa or “Black Rock” in Kāʻanapali. Maui police say Jong Kwan Lee of Hewseong-SI Gengi Do, South Korea had entered the waters fronting the Sheraton to snorkel. A bystander observed Lee floating face down in about knee deep water. He was pulled to shore by bystanders. Despite their efforts, the man died at the scene.
Oct. 25, 2015: Emergency crews on Maui responded to a report of an unresponsive man pulled from the ocean near Puʻu Kekaʻa. Fire officials say beachgoers found the man floating unresponsive in the waters south of Puʻu Kekaʻa, and pulled the victim to shore. After several cycles of CPR and receiving a shock by the AED, the man regained a pulse and began breathing on his own. Officials said the man, a 30-year-old from Korea, is visiting with a female companion.
Aug. 24, 2015: A 51-year-old visitor from Roslyn New York died after being pulled from waters at Puʻu Kekaʻa or “Black Rock” in Kāʻanapali. Police say the man was found face down approximately 15 to 20 feet from shore. The man has since been identified as Mitchell Feinstein.
Oct. 26, 2014: Rescue crews were unable to revive a visitor who was pulled from waters north of Pu'u Keka'a or “Black Rock” in Kāʻanapali on Sunday, Oct. 26, 2014. Maui police have since identified the man as Alva Sanders, 80, of Kennewick, Washington.
Sept. 21, 2014: Woonsaek Baek, 31, of South Korea was pulled from the water at Pu'u Keka'a or “Black Rock” in Kāʻanapali after he was found motionless in the water. The incident was reported at around 3:24 p.m. on Sunday, Sept. 21, 2014.
June 25, 2014: A visitor from San Bernardino, California died after being pulled from the ocean in waters off of Puʻu Kekaʻa or Black Rock in West Maui on Wednesday, June 25, 2014. Maui police say beach goers found 63-year-old Eugene Chu floating motionless and face down in the ocean about 75 yards from shore.
May 30, 2014: A visitor from Missouri died after being pulled from waters in Kāʻanapali. First responders were called to the beach area behind the Sheraton Maui, located along Kāʻanapali Parkway in West Maui. According to police reports, beach goers assisted the victim to shore and began CPR after finding the man unresponsive while snorkeling about 20 feet offshore. Attempts to revive the man were unsuccessful and the victim died, police said.
Aug. 30, 2013: A 25-year-old visitor was critically injured after reportedly jumping off the back side of Puʻu Kekaʻa or Black Rock in the Kāʻanapali area of West Maui
Aug. 7, 2013: A 41-year-old California man was last seen departing from the Kāʻanapali Villas to snorkel in the ocean at around 2:45 p.m. on Wednesday, Aug. 7, 2013. Family and friends tell authorities that the man failed to return after several hours, and he was reported missing by friends. The body was spotted by Air-1, and rescue divers from the Lahaina rescue boat made the recovery. “There were no signs of life,” authorities said.
July 27, 2013: A 50-year-old visitor died after being pulled from the water at Puʻu Kekaʻa or “Black Rock” in Kāʻanapali. The man was reportedly snorkeling with family members when the incident occurred. Police later identified the man as Michael Taugher of Benicia, California.
Aug. 17, 2012: A 51-year-old California man was transported to the Maui Memorial Medical Center in critical condition after being pulled from waters fronting the Sheraton Maui Resort in Kāʻanapali. The man was swiming at Puʻu Kekaʻa prior to being pulled from waters by bystanders who found him unresponsive. The man regained consciousness just before medics arrived.
June 17, 2010: A 54-year-old woman from Colorado was reported missing in waters near Pu'u Keka'a. Officials say the woman was last seen snorkeling about 150 yards from the Sheraton Maui Resort. The search for a missing snorkeler was suspended after four days of search efforts turned up no signs of the missing woman.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CAIXABANK SA:
* FY NET INTEREST INCOME 4.75 BILLION EUROS
* RETURN ON TANGIBLE EQUITY (ROTE) 8.4 PERCENT AT END-DEC
* Q4 NET INTEREST INCOME 1.20 BILLION EUROS
* FY NET PROFIT 1.68 BILLION EUROS
* NON-PERFORMING LOANS RATIO 6 PERCENT AT END-DEC
* Q4 NET PROFIT 196 MILLION EUROS
* COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 RATIO FULLY LOADED 11.7 PERCENT AT END-DEC Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
BUDERIM acreage living at its best with over 5500sq m of space to enjoy the peace and tranquillity of the natural setting yet remain closely connected to the village and the central Sunshine Coast business district.
Within close proximity to many of the private schools and our golden beaches, it is a very strategically placed Coast property.
Ageless styling in keeping with the character of Buderim, the home displays character and charm with full-length verandas and cosy wood fire to welcome you.
Inside tall ceilings and polished brush box flooring throughout, create a rich ambience with the patina of cedar windows and multiple timber french doors to break out to an expanse of north-facing and weather-sheltered decks.
A sun warmed zone to relax and spend many endless days and evenings mixing with the native birds and savouring the serene environment.
Barbecue or entertain at your leisure all year round with window servery a direct link to the impressive granite topped, two pack kitchens. Just ready and waiting for the creative chef to prepare and plate up.
Open plan of split level creates unhindered separation between the three generous bedrooms with an equally sizeable study which is ready to be the fourth bedroom if required.
Having its own deck, entry and naturally lit reading nook the office lends itself to a home based business operator with an abundance of floor space or offices available on the second level.
Workshop, downstairs will satisfy the man in need of room to store the boat and trailer or work on a project with separate drive access.
In addition a rumpus room on this lower level is ideal for the teenager to break away to their own space and make the most of the extra two double bedrooms for friends to stay over. Alternatively the option for dual occupancy to accommodate the extended family or rental is practical to maximise the use of home.
Yard space is clearly fenced off from the large site to keep the property easily manageable and provide security for children or pets. The ability to have the privacy of your own big back yard and to explore the forest environs will always remain.
Realising a Sunshine Coast dream before Christmas, a change of circumstances has now seen the owners needing to sell after relocating back to Sydney.
BUDERIM
179 Mons School Rd
5 Bed, 2 Bath, 2 Car
Features: Fresh and modern Queensland acreage living, dual living opportunities, high ceilings, brush box flooring, study. Landscaped tropical gardens, town water, two-bay workshop area
Price: Reduced to $769,000
Agent: Robert Horne and Sally Horne at Ray White Buderim
Contact: 0429 508 705, 0409 561 638
Inspection: Saturday 12-12.45pm
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
March 30 Zhejiang Supor Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 7.7 yuan for every 10 shares and distribute 3 new share for every 10 shares as stock dividends as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/85cugC
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO: An employee assembles a coach inside India's private railway equipment production unit of Bombardier Transportation at Savli, in the western state of Gujarat, India, May 12, 2010. REUTERS/Amit Dave/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The frame of a regional transport train is seen inside the Bombardier workshop in Crespin, northern France during an official visit February 6, 2009. REUTERS/Luc Moleux/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Employees work on the base unit of a metro coach inside India's private railway equipment production unit of Bombardier Transportation at Savli, in the western state of Gujarat, India, May 12, 2010. REUTERS/Amit Dave/File Photo
SYDNEY/MONTREAL Bombardier Inc's hopes of receiving initial payments for a A$4.4 billion contract to build 75 electric trains for Australia's Queensland state government have been hit amid accusations of design faults.
The Canadian company had expected to start booking proceeds from that deal late last year to help meet cash-flow targets.
A person familiar with the company's thinking said it had concerns over its rail division's operational cash flow in the first quarter of this year.
Delays in being paid, and the added cost of fixing any manufacturing faults, could make it harder for Bombardier Transportation to reach its 2017 revenue target of around $8.5 billion, up from $8 billion in 2016, said an industry analyst, who didn't want to be named as he is not authorized to talk to the media. Similarly, it aims to push up its EBIT (earnings before interest and tax) margin slightly to about 7.5 percent.
The issues with the Queensland order - ranging from braking problems to driver visibility and disability access - come on top of other hitches that have weighed on Bombardier's rail division. Separately, a Canadian judge is poised to rule on a dispute over a C$770 million contract with Toronto's Metrolinx system.
They also come to light as Bombardier is again discussing a potential merger of its rail unit, the Montreal-based plane and train maker's most reliable cash generator, with Germany's Siemens, people close to the matter said this week.
Siemens' transportation business has also had product flaws in its trams, and there were delays recently in supplying high-speed trains to state-owned German rail operator Deutsche Bahn.
Claas Belling, spokesman for Germany-based Bombardier Transportation, declined to comment on specific, confidential contract terms, but said the Queensland deal is one of several hundred agreements globally. "Some may be performing better than plan, while others may lag," he said in an email to Reuters.
The possible rail merger talks come as Bombardier aggressively cuts costs as part of a 5-year turnaround plan. The company considered bankruptcy in 2015 when it faced a cash crunch while bringing two jets to market, but CEO Alain Bellemare has since led a restructuring, and the company has received cash infusions from the Quebec government and Canada's second-largest pension fund.
ONE-SIDED CONTRACT
It's not clear to what extent Bombardier is responsible for the design flaws on the Queensland contract.
Australia was mentioned as an example in a broad internal review of the rail division from 2015 that raised concerns about a systemic problem: at the time, the company agreed to custom-build trains to the client's request, which is more risky and costly than offering a standard line of equipment, said another person familiar with the matter.
While Bellemare, who has been CEO for a little over two years, has addressed that issue, deals signed before his time, including the 2013 Queensland contract won by a Bombardier-led consortium, are a potential drag on the company.
A person with knowledge of the contract said it was one-sided in favor of the state government. It could change its mind and order planes instead, and Bombardier would probably have to pay the difference, the person quipped.
Downer Group, a Sydney-headquartered engineering firm, told Reuters it decided against bidding for the Queensland order because of the "onerous" contract terms.
SUSPENDED
By early this year, Queensland had received 13 six-car trains, but suspended further deliveries apart from two that were already en route from Bombardier's factory in Savli, India.
The state has not yet paid any money to Bombardier.
The Canadian firm is now trying to have four or five of the trains certified for use in Australia before the end of this year, two people familiar with the issue said.
"There's no funding until they get through testing and are certified," said a political source with knowledge of the contract terms, which are not public. "The issues with the trains include unsatisfactory braking, which are design flaws."
Paul Bini, a spokesman for the bid consortium - which also includes Aberdeen Asset Management, UK developer John Laing and Japanese trading company Itochu Corp - said it wasn't unusual for issues to be identified during testing, especially on large and complex projects.
"All 75 New Generation Rollingstock trains are expected to be delivered and rolled-out on to the South East Queensland rail network by late-2018," he added.
The Queensland government previously cited problems with the trains' braking systems, the design of the driver cabs, which it said had inadequate visibility, and doorway disability access that did not meet Australian standards.
"We are working around the clock to resolve the issues as soon as possible, without compromising safety," Deputy Premier and Transport Minister Jackie Trad told Reuters.
Bini said the trains were being tested to meet safety standards, and the brake issue had been resolved. He added that feedback from rail groups and the disability sector were incorporated into the train's design.
(Reporting by Allison Lampert and Jonathan Barrett, with additional reporting by Andrea Shalal in BERLIN; Editing by Denny Thomas and Ian Geoghegan)
SEPANG, Malaysia: Jorge Lorenzo topped the timesheets on the final day of MotoGP testing in Malaysia last week, emerging as the fastest-ever MotoGP rider at the Sepang circuit on a crash-filled day.
Despite a crash on turn 15, Spaniard Lorenzo — a three-time MotoGP winner — set a stunning 1min 58.830sec just before noon on a dry track riding a Ducati.
That annihilates the unofficial all-time lap record of 1min 58.867sec set by Honda's Marc Marquez during the 2015 pre-season testing.
The fastest official lap, during a race weekend, is the 1min 59.053sec set by Marquez's teammate Dani Pedrosa in 2015.
Lorenzo, who begins his second season with the Italian team, has said the new Ducati bike was more suited to his riding style.
Ducati team manager Davide Tardozzi said the 2018 championship will be competitive season.
“We are happy with the Ducati machine. We try to make the engine smoother and less aggressive. This what the riders requested all of last year,” he said.
Lorenzo's teammate and last year's runner-up Andrea Dovizioso crashed on turn 1 and his bike got stuck in the gravel trap, but the Italian was unhurt and came charging back to clock 1min 59.052sec to finish fourth fastest.
Other riders that went down included Frenchman Johann Zarco on a Yamaha, Spaniard Tito Rabat (Ducati) and Swiss rider Tom Luthi riding a Honda.
All the riders escaped unhurt.
The final day was incredible tight with the top seven riders split by just 0.5 seconds.
Pedrosa clocked 1min 59.009sec to finish second while British rider Cal Crutchlow on a carbon-black Honda was third — 0.222 seconds off the pace.
Marquez, who had expressed doubts over Honda's new aero fairing, registered 1min 59.348sec to finish seventh.
Nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi, MotoGP's oldest rider at 38, logged 1min 59.449sec and was eighth quickest.
The Italian is expected to sign another two-year contract with Yamaha after this season.
The teams will now head to Buriram, Thailand, for the maiden test from February 16-18.
The final 2018 pre-season test will be at Qatar's Losail International Circuit for three days from March 1.
This year will be the first time that GP motorcycle racing will feature 19 rounds, starting on March 18 in Losail.
AFP
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
LONDON May 2 Sterling was given only a temporary lift by stronger-than-expected manufacturing data on Tuesday, with traders focusing more on developments showing the rest of the European Union taking a tough stance on Britain's exit from the bloc.
On the first day of trading after a long weekend across Europe, sterling inched down against the euro and traded flat against the dollar, even after numbers showing UK manufacturing growth surged to a three-year peak in April, beating all forecasts.
The pound's price movements, said traders and analysts, were still being driven primarily by political developments, particularly surrounding Brexit negotiations.
The other 27 EU members endorsed stiff divorce terms for Britain on Saturday and warned Britons to have "no illusions" that a deal to retain access to European markets will be swift and easy.
That was followed, on Sunday, by a report in Germany's FAS newspaper of a difficult dinner between British Prime Minister Theresa May and the head of the European Commission, which increased fears that the two sides are talking past each other.
The commission's president, Jean-Claude Juncker, was quoted saying he was "leaving Downing Street 10 times more sceptical than I was before", in an account which suggested that he and May did not see eye to eye on a range of issues.
May dismissed the account as "Brussels gossip" on Monday.
"The one thing that changed this weekend were the reports from FAS on Sunday about how fraught the dinner last Wednesday was, and therefore what you've seen with sterling showing a degree of weakness is definitely a shift," said Bank of New York Mellon's head of currency strategy, Simon Derrick.
Sterling was still less than 1 U.S. cent away from a seven-month peak against the dollar, but was back below $1.29 by 0930 GMT, flat on the day. Against the euro, it was down 0.2 percent at 84.71 pence.
Data released on Friday showed speculators wound back their bets against the pound for a second week running in the seven days up to Tuesday.
Demand for sterling has increased since May called a snap election for June 8, with markets bettting that would bring political stability and could strengthen Britain's hand in its exit negotiations with the EU.
"Politics continues to outpace economic indicators as a driver of the pound," said Caxton FX analyst Alexandra Russell-Oliver. "More broadly, the pound has continued to see support off the back of an expected Conservative Party win in June's snap elections." (Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
DETROIT, April 3 General Motors Co Chief Executive Mary Barra's salary, bonus and awards dropped more than 20 percent in 2016 because of one-time awards that boosted her salary the previous year, the company said in a regulatory filing on Monday.
According to the filing, Barra's total compensation for 2016 was $22.6 million, down from $28.6 million a year earlier. (Reporting By Nick Carey; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
EXPERIENCE: Bianca Finch is eager to make mental health and support of young mothers a focus through the Youth Council.
BIANCA Fitch hopes to bring mental health and support of young mothers to the fore should she be selected as part of the new Southern Downs Youth Council.
The new group was given the green light by the Southern Downs Regional Council last month and will replace the current Young Leaders Program.
The 23-year-old has been part of council youth leadership programs for the past six years, starting by volunteering, then joining the Young Ambassadors program.
Having experienced mental health challenges and sought support from headspace and BUSHkids, Miss Fitch said mental health issues in the community have changed a lot. "People know about it but try not to speak about it, there's the shame behind it,” she said.
"I think there are a lot of services in the Southern Downs that get overlooked and not used to their full potential.”
The Youth Council will comprise nine young people aged 12-18 and five to nine people aged 18-25.
Next year will be the final year Miss Fitch will be eligible to take part.
She believes incorporating youth into community decisions is vital for preparing the next generation for leadership positions.
"So we're not perceived as so scary, that we are willing to help, get involved and get our hands dirty,” she said.
March 30 Quotient Ltd
* Quotient reports continued positive MosaiQ™ performance evaluation results
* Quotient Ltd says manufacturing of microarrays for European field trials planned to commence in early April
* Quotient Ltd says completion of European field trials expected in mid 2017
* Quotient Ltd - Completion of European field trials expected in mid 2017 for MosaiQ
* Quotient Ltd - Commencement of U.S. field trials in second half of 2017 for MosaiQ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Karyon Industries Bhd
* Yet to finalise financial impact to kib and its subsidiaries
* As at 4 April 2017, HLSB had received a total of 1 million RGT interim compensation sum from the insurance company
* Refers to fire incident of Hsing Lung Sdn Bhd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of KIB Source (bit.ly/2nawaNQ) Further company coverage:
(Repeats April 19 story with no change to text)
By Alistair Smout
LEWES, England, April 19 Polls show British Prime Minister Theresa May on course to a landslide in the election she has called for June. But if her Conservative Party faces one potential snag in its march towards victory, it could be in places like Lewes, a small town beneath a picturesque castle in the hills near England's southern coast.
Here, where the local member of parliament is a Conservative but most people voted last year to stay in the European Union, May's party has to win back those who disagree with her plans for a decisive break with the EU.
Most forecasters predict Britain's main opposition Labour Party, which has struggled to formulate a position on Brexit, will lose dozens of seats to May's Conservatives.
But the small, openly pro-European Liberal Democrats say they are the only party that can gain seats at May's expense, mainly in areas in the comparatively well-off south of England, where they lost seats to the Conservatives two years ago but now have a chance to win them back.
"Every weekend I've spoken to people who regret voting for the Conservatives," Kelly-Marie Blundell, the Liberal Democrat, or Lib Dem, candidate for Lewes told Reuters.
She said Brexit was one of the leading issues for voters in the town, which had a Lib Dem member of parliament for nearly two decades until Maria Caulfield, a former nurse, narrowly won the seat for the Conservatives in 2015.
Last year, Lewes voted by 53 to 47 percent to stay in the EU. One of those "remain" voters was Kathleen Turner, a pensioner who says she will now vote Conservative to give May the mandate to carry out Brexit anyway.
"Having got to where we are, we need to get on with it," she told Reuters in the town's bustling shopping district. "She's the only person for the job."
BLINKERED SOCIETY
May has called the election to increase the narrow 17-seat working majority in parliament she inherited from her predecessor David Cameron, who quit last year after Britons rejected his call to stay in the EU.
Cameron won his majority in the 650-seat House of Commons in 2015 in part by taking seats like Lewes from the Lib Dems, who were punished by voters for going into coalition with Cameron's Conservatives five years earlier.
The Lib Dems lost 49 seats in 2015 and now have just nine left. But that also means that there are 25 Conservative-held seats where the Lib Dems need a swing of less than 10 percentage points to win.
"I'll probably vote Liberal Democrat. The EU is really important," said Valerie Kent, 52, a teacher who described herself as a "floating voter".
"We're in danger of becoming a very blinkered society when it comes to things like immigration, and there are many who are worried about that. I would think that the Lib Dems could come back into fashion."
Professor John Curtice, Britain's leading election expert, says that despite May's strong showing in head-to-head opinion polls against Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, a lot of Labour seats are still safe because of their demographics.
That means May's path to a landslide may not be so straightforward, and losing a clutch of seats to the Lib Dems along the way could prove more important than it appears at first.
The impact of leaving the EU on the vote is a "more complicated question", Curtice wrote in an article for the Sun newspaper. "To what extent will people depart from their usual party support because of their views on Brexit?"
Even some Lib Dem supporters in pro-EU areas like Lewes wonder if the party's position on Brexit will be enough to make gains, with May riding so high in the polls.
"They're targeting the 'Remain' vote, but I'm not really sure what strategy is going to work in the current environment," said artist Claire Crawford, a Lib Dem supporter who voted to stay in the EU.
"Theresa May feels strong, so she's calling a vote to capitalise on the weakness of others. It's a bad time for the Liberal Democrats as well as the rest." (Writing by Michael Holden; editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Peter Graff)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
A Pennsylvania wife allegedly shot a woman she believed was having an affair with her husband in an ambush that ended in a murder-suicide, police said.
Radnor Township Police said Jennair Gerardot, 48, meticulously planned the grisly slaying Monday night that left 33-year-old Meredith Chapman dead, according to he Philadelphia Inquirer.
“[Gerardot] went to great lengths to disguise herself,” Police Superintendent William Colarulo said. “She wore a wig, and took a train from Delaware to Radnor. She broke into the victim's house, and cleaned up the glass so the victim didn't realize someone was in her home.”
Police said Gerardot shot Chapman around 7 p.m. when she walked in the door. The jilted wife then turned the gun on herself.
The alleged assailant's body was found near the kitchen, not far from Chapman's, news station WACU reported.
Gerardot's husband reportedly alerted authorities that they may find his wife inside the crime scene.
“There were emails and text messages indicating what [Gerardot] might do,” Colarulo told WACU.
Her husband, Mark Gerardot, worked at the University of Delaware, where Chapman was previously employed before starting a new job as assistant vice president at Villanova University.
Chapman also unsuccessfully made a bid for a state Senate seat in Delaware in 2016. Her husband, Luke Chapman, was also involved in politics as a former Newark city councilman.
(Repeats earlier story for wider readership with no change to text.)
By Yuka Obayashi and Aaron Sheldrick
TOKYO, April 21 Japanese steelmakers have bought coking coal from the United States, Canada and China to replace supply lost after a cyclone closed rail links in Australia, their biggest supplier, industry and trader sources said.
Still, the Japanese buyers are paying nearly double the $150 a tonnes price that they were discussing with sellers for second-quarter supply before the supply disruption. The supply talks are now on hold and prices will likely stay high until full volumes start flowing again.
In 2016, Japan bought about 71 percent of the 59.9 million tonnes of coking coal it consumed from Australia.
"We've tapped supplies by bringing forward shipping schedules of cargos from Canada and the United States, and buying some extra coal from China," an official at a major Japanese steelmaker who deals with raw material procurement told Reuters.
The emergency supplies were purchased at about $300 a tonne, said the official and a second source a major producer.
Premium coking coal prices from the east coast of Australia were quoted at $289.50 a tonne on Thursday, down from $314 a week earlier, but still more than 90 percent above levels four weeks ago, according to Platts TSI.
About 300,000 tonnes of coking coal from the U.S. is steaming for Japanese ports on bulk carriers, while dozens of empty ships sit offshore ports in Queensland awaiting loading, according to Reuters Eikon Data.
Buyers have also tapped supplies from Russia, according to a source at a major Japanese trading house.
Australian rail operator Aurizon Holdings Ltd temporarily closed four of its coal lines the Bowen Basin in the state of Queensland, which produces about 50 percent of global coking coal, after Cyclone Debbie made landfall on March 28.
Three of the rail lines hit by floodwaters and landslides have reopened already and Goonyella, largest in terms of export tonnage, is expected to open on April 26 - about 10 days ahead of schedule.
Still, Aurizon said on Tuesday that the Goonyella line will be operating at a reduced level with trains moving at lower speeds for an undetermined amount of time.
"The Goonyella situation is going to keep the spot price up. The coal coming off that line is pretty much the basis for the spot price," said Peter O'Connor, an analyst at Australian investment firm Shaw and Partners.
"It'll be important to keep an eye on when Aurizon finally gets the line back to full operating levels. No one knows that yet," he said, a sentiment echoed by the producer source.
BHP Billiton , the world's biggest coking coal shipper, was among five miners in the region to declare force majeure, a clause typically invoked after natural disasters when companies cannot meet supply commitments.
Japan's steelmakers were already running down inventories of coking coal prior to the current supply disruptions.
"You did see Japanese steelmakers ... actually run down their stocks quite considerably," said Paul Flynn, the chief executive officer for Australia's Whitehaven Coal Ltd on an earnings call last week, adding there would be a "lingering impact on ... coal sales for some time."
The price talks for the second-quarter coking coal term contracts may restart next month, said the source from Japanese steelmaker source.
(Additional reporting by Jim Regan and Jonathan Barrett in SYDNEY; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Chamomile is the common name of a group of plants that have been used since ancient times as herbal remedy. There are several different species of chamomile; however, Matricaria recutita (German chamomile) and Chamaemelum nobile (Roman chamomile) are widely grown across the world. Matricaria recutita is a hardy plant that can be found in a variety of different soils and climate. The plant has historically been used in teas for treating fevers, flu, digestive disorders, and skin ailments. Chamomile oil, also known as blue oil, is the primary extract of the flowers and flower heads of the chamomile plant. This oil contains several compounds that have medicinal benefits with key constituent groups being coumarins, sesquiterpenes, polyacetylenes, and flavonoids.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/matricaria-recutitta-extract-market.html
These groups mainly consist of chamazulene, (E)-β-farnesene, α-bisabolol oxides A and α-bisabolol oxides B, α-bisabolol and terpene alcohol. The Matricaria recutita extracts are included as drugs in the pharmacopoeia of many countries across the globe and are known for their anti-inflammatory, antiseptic and spasmolytic properties.
Common process of obtaining the Matricaria recutita extract from the blossom of the plant is trough steam distillation. Under this process, hot steam is passed through a still containing the Matricaria recutita flowers. The hot steam penetrates the plant, forcing the essential oil out of the plant. It is then collected separately. Chamomile oil yields obtained from the Matricaria recutita flowers are very low, typical yields being only 0.2–0.4% of the total weight of the flowers. The extracted oil is used for a variety of medicinal purposes, with the general use being for mental and physical relaxation.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20408
Depending upon the therapeutic use, the oil can be ingested orally or can be topically applied. Matricaria recutita oil extract is used to ease insomnia, as a mood enhancer, mild anti-depressant, and an aid to calm nervousness or anxiety problems. Apart from its mental calming properties, the oil is also useful for soothing aching joints and muscles. The Matricaria recutita oil is commonly used as an ingredient in skin lotions and creams due to its anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties. The oil is also used to ease digestive problems and soothe conjunctivitis symptoms. In addition to pharmaceutical uses, the oil is extensively employed in a number of commercial products including soaps, alcoholic beverages, detergents, perfumes, lotions, ointments, hair care products, food products, bakery products, and cosmetics
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Howling at the Moon – Doing things you shouldn't be
by Sylene Argent
We all have those bad habits we divert to when feeling down or devious, or if we want to flare up some drama in our lives.
I am not much for drama, but I do have some annoying habits I catch myself doing sometimes.
For those of us who enjoy our sweets, boy, the holidays can be tough. Who doesn't want to endulge on all those baked goods and candies offered at every visit.
I guess that is why New Year's resolutions often include dropping ten or 15 pounds.
I always found New Year's resolutions to be fairly ineffective. If we are ready for a positive change today, why wait? By doing so, we are just giving ourselves more time to foster and nurture that bad habit with a likely ‘false promise' to ourselves that we will change once this distant date arrives. Until then, we can continue guilt-free.
Kick that bad habit to the curb if you want to change.
Sometimes, the easiest way to make a big change is by making small steps towards it. Every week, for instance, one could add a small, good habit or take away another little bad one to work towards a bigger goal.
If you screw up mid-week, don't wait until the following Monday to get back on track, do so the next day.
Well, these are things I try to do when attempting to get rid of my own vices. It can work, or tomorrow may never come. I guess that depends on a lot of factors, like just how busy we are and if we truly are readying to make a change. Sometimes the comfort our vices bring us outweighs the benefits we so badly want to gain. And then, at that point, we need to analyse why that is, and then, after an epiphany, we could begin to understand our own unique behaviour.
Perhaps our bad habits are not as bad as we make them out to be. I know, for instance, I am my own worst critic. So, when I get down on myself, I try to remind myself that not everyone is being as critical as I am being in that moment. And really, that is unfair of ourselves to do. If we are not in our own corner, who else can be? We can rely on close-family and friends to help us out of ruts, and it is sometimes awesome to hear words of encouragement or having our self-criticisms demolished, but that can only take us so far until we are ready to accept that possibly things aren't as bad as we think they are.
The best gift we can give ourselves is some TLC, and really, one of the best places to start that is to give ourselves a break from trying to achieve something that does not exist; perfection. In stead of beating ourselves up over a flaw or mistake, put something tangible into action to make the improvement and enjoy it.
We can only be ourselves, and thank goodness for that. It would be an awfully boring world if we were all the same.
It's a debate that you may not know exists, but in the world of social media, it has been a hotly debated topic.
So fierce is the debate over the pronunciation of Primark that some customers have even asked in stores across the UK about the proper way to pronounce Primark.
Others have submitted a written question on the ‘help' section of the Primark website.
Much debate has followed the brand over the pronunciation of their name, with customers debating whether it should be called “Pr-eye-mark” or “Pree-mark”.
Finally, Primark have revealed the correct way to say their store name.
In the ‘other stuff' segment of their ‘queries' page, where you can search for FAQs, they answer the question: “How do you pronounce Primark?”
They responded saying: “That's a very good question. We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark.”
Have you been wrong this entire time? How do you say Primark?
BIG EVENT: Elizabeth and Barrie Hughes with Electra Chip and Electra Pippa are all set for this year's AgroTrend.
BIG EVENT: Elizabeth and Barrie Hughes with Electra Chip and Electra Pippa are all set for this year's AgroTrend. Mike Knott BUN120418HUGHES3
WHEN Barrie and Elizabeth Hughes take to the arena this AgroTrend they will be quietly notching up 15 years of co-ordinating the Working Cattle Dog Trials here in Bundaberg.
These trials are a show favourite and provide a competitive way to foster and encourage the use and training of herding dogs in the cattle industry.
The trials work by providing a course that simulates a mini paddock situation with all the skill requirements that may be needed on a day-to-day basis in the paddock.
Don't miss Friday's NewMail for our AgroTrend special, including a four-page wrap that contains everything you need to know.
It features insights into new farming techniques using technology, one of the young faces behind the Rotary Rodeo, the best barbecue contest and more.
MAYOR Tom Tate is powering ahead with his ambitious plan to create a pyramid dive site off the Gold Coast and is already setting up a panel of experts to nut out the design details.
The project has been welcomed by the State Government with Tourism Minister Kate Jones offering to tip in half the estimated cost of $5 million and last night, Ian Banks, one of the city's leading dive figures, threw his weight behind the project.
Cr Tate said a working committee was being set up with the State Government's Department of Innovation and Tourism Industry Development, council's Infrastructure Directorate, key representatives of the city's dive and marine industries, as well as marine engineers.
The Great Pyramid of Giza, Cr Tate's inspiration.
He confirmed the City would pursue a design-construct project for the artificial dive attraction in response to the Gold Coast losing the HMAS Darwin to Tasmania.
"The initial structure will be a pyramid design, first mooted by council in 2014, and council will need to vote on the final design and funding model," he said.
"In the lead up, the City will consult with the dive industry to finalise which features a pyramid structure would require to attract marine life and the interest of divers."
Cr Tate said the pyramid would be the first installation in a broader, artificial dive precinct.
"We will develop and expand the artificial dive site over the years, starting with the pyramid structure as the signature piece," he said.
HMAS Darwin leaves her namesake port for the last time before being decommissioned. Pic Glenn Campbell
Other structures to be added to the site could include 20m-high, concrete trees in an underwater garden and the aim was for each precinct to attract its own marine life.
"The site we are looking at is two nautical miles off Narrowneck, east of the existing wreck known as the Scottish Prince," Cr Tate said.
"It will take divers about 25 minutes to access the site from the Broadwater - less than half the travel time it takes to access HMAS Brisbane, off the Sunshine Coast. I am confident divers will flock to the Gold Coast for this."
The Mayor of Gold Coast, Tom Tate (Photo by Scott Barbour/Getty Images)
The mayor said the skeleton-type, pyramid would allow divers to swim through it.
"Beginners will be able to go down 10m-18m on the pyramid, while advanced divers will be able to dive down to the bottom of the structure, which will be more than 30m deep.
"This will be an evolving project and divers will be able to dive on one precinct and then return another day to dive on another, if they want to," he said.
Cr Tate said the dive precinct would not just be about attracting marine life, but also about offering opportunities for memorable photography.
Site of a proposed dive wreck for the Gold Coast.
"We wanted a warship but they are expensive. Some divers are saying there are already so many of them. This pyramid and its precincts would be unique," he said.
Meanwhile, leading dive expert Mr Banks has welcomed the proposed underwater pyramid and precinct.
"It's a really good idea. The extra habitat and marine life would be great," he said.
A range of species would pop around the dive site. Picture: iStock
"A pyramid structure would attract all sorts of marine life to the area, including a range of fish species, and I think the precincts are also a great idea."
Mr Banks, who has 40 years' experience in the dive industry, said he was part of the planning group for sinking a warship off the Gold Coast.
"I surveyed the proposed site for a warship and I agree this would be the easiest location for this pyramid structure. We had to go a long way out to get clear water," he said.
He was confident coral could also grow on the structure at certain depths.
"It's not ideal for coral because there is a lot of turbidity but soft coral and sponges could grow at the bottom of the pyramid. Other coral would have to be within the top 10m of the structure to thrive," he said.
market research hub (2)
End
-- Market Research Hub has recently announced the addition of a new report to its wide database of research reports. This research study is entitled as "" and provides an in-depth analysis of the global market, by centering some of the key regions such as Europe, Asia and North America as well as countries like the United States, Japan, Germany and China. All of these regions have been analyzed on the basis of the five-year review period (2011 to 2016).Initially, the report introduces the mobile pocket cloud network accelerator basics which include definitions, applications, classification and industry chain overview. The research estimates 2016-2020 market development trends of mobile pocket cloud network accelerator industry for the future growth. Through the regional analysis, this 158 pages market study presents a descriptive assessment of the worldwide industry's performance on the basis of various factors such as production volume, product pricing, capacity, supply/demand, profits, industry growth rate etc.With the advancement in technology and digital revolutionaries, the mobile cloud applications have gained a significant importance in recent years. It can also be defined as mobile pocket cloud network because mobile devices are connected to the mobile networks via base that establishes and control the connections and functional interfaces. On the other hand, mobile cloud accelerator permits mobile network operators to deliver content with an improved end-to-end quality of service. The global acceptance of mobile pocket cloud network accelerator has boosted the industry in a positive manner.Another section of the report includes the competitive landscape of the mobile pocket cloud network accelerator industry. The market hierarchy has been examined by evaluating profiles of major companies operating in this industry. The report also furnishes details such as the detailed product portfolio together with pictures & specifications of major products, application of products, details regarding production capacity, actual production, cost structure and contact information of these industry players. The report also includes an analysis of micro and macro factors essential for the existing market players and for new entrants.In the end, the report introduced new project SWOT analysis, development environmental analysis investment feasibility analysis and investment return analysis. By the new project SWOT analysis, the report provides a perspective on the various market opportunities and market threats along with the key trends that would influence the market growth during the forecast period.(http://www.marketresearchhub.com/)is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH's expansive collection of Market Research Reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps.MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients.90 State StreetAlbany, NY 12207United StatesToll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada)Tel : +1-518-621-2074: press@marketresearchhub.com: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/: https://www.linkedin.com/company/market-research-hub
(CNN) — A New York City grand jury on Wednesday indicted movie producer Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape in the first and third degrees and first-degree criminal sexual act, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office said.
Weinstein, 66, was arraigned last week on the same charges, seven months after women began to come forward with stories alleging sexual misconduct by the famous Hollywood producer.
Weinstein, who intends to plead not guilty, according to his attorney, remains free on $10 million bond.
The charges stemmed from incidents with two women in 2013 and 2004 and were the result of a joint investigation between police and prosecutors, according to the Manhattan district attorney.
Weinstein is accused of forcing one woman to perform oral sex on him on one occasion between June and September 2004, the criminal complaint said. The alleged rape took place on March 18, 2013, the complaint said.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged,” District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement. “The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable.”
The investigation remains active and ongoing, according to Vance.
Weinstein attorney Benjamin Brafman said the announcement of the indictment “does not come as a surprise.”
“We remind everyone that an indictment is merely a formal accusation,” Brafman said.
Weinstein intends to “vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that he strongly denies. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted,” Brafman said in the statement.
As part of the agreement between Brafman and the DA's office, Weinstein's bond was set at $10 million at his arraignment on Friday. Weinstein was required to wear a GPS monitoring system and can only travel within New York state or Connecticut. He also surrendered his passport.
The judge also granted a temporary order of protection on behalf of an unnamed alleged victim in the case.
Weinstein's next court date is July 30.
Weinstein is also under investigation for alleged sex crimes in Los Angeles and London. Federal prosecutors in New York have started a sex crimes investigation involving him, the Wall Street Journal said.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Toyota's first-ever C-segment offering, the Yaris, is likely to be launched in May 2018
Toyota's rival to popular C-segment sedans such as the Honda City, the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, Hyundai Verna and the Volkswagen Vento has been a long time coming. However, with the Japanese manufacturer showcasing the Yaris sedan at the Auto Expo 2018, we know that the launch is fast approaching. In fact, it is likely to take place in May 2018 and you will be able to book one by next month (April) itself!
With the launch of the Yaris, Toyota will be able to fill up the void between the Etios sedan and the Corolla Altis. The Yaris brings loads of segment-first features such as a total of seven airbags, roof-mounted AC vents for rear passengers, power adjustable front seats and front parking sensor to the table. For a complete insight into the latest sedan, check out - Toyota Yaris: First Look Review.
Under the bonnet, the Yaris will be offered with a 1.5-litre petrol engine, the specification for which have not yet been disclosed. It will offer a choice of two gearboxes - a 6-speed manual or a 7-speed CVT automatic with pre-defined ratios. As far as prices are concerned, expect the Yaris to be priced in the ballpark of Rs 10 lakh to Rs 12 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The Yaris would be a great alternative to the buyers who already own a Toyota. It will certainly appeal to those who want to upgrade from the Etios siblings. For owners of the Innova Crysta or the Fortuner, the Yaris can also be a great second car if he or she wishes to stick with the brand. Finally, it's a Toyota and the brand is known for its reliability and this should certainly give weight to its cause as a sedan worth considering in the populated C-segment.
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
April 20 CITYCON OYJ:
* GOOD START TO THE YEAR - EPRA EARNINGS GROWTH FUELED BY SWEDEN AND NORWAY
* Q1 NET RENTAL INCOME EUR 56.6 MILLION (REUTERS POLL: EUR 56.8 MILLION)
* Q1 DIRECT OPERATING PROFIT EUR 50.3 MILLION (REUTERS POLL: EUR 49.3 MILLION)
* FORECASTS 2017 DIRECT OPERATING PROFIT TO CHANGE BY EUR -7 TO 12 MILLION
* EXPECTS 2017 EPRA EARNINGS TO CHANGE BY EUR -13 TO 5 MILLION FROM PREVIOUS YEAR
* EXPECTS 2017 EPRA EPS (BASIC) TO BE EUR 0.155-0.175 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ORLANDO, FL (RADIO ALICE) – During a question and answer segment at Mark Hamill's one-man panel at ‘Star Wars Celebration,' the actor was asked if there was one role he would love to take on. After having to constantly speak over the weekend, Hamill's hoarse response on Sunday was to portray…George Lucas.
“I'd like to play George in the George Lucas story.” the Oakland-native said. “I've certainly observed him enough over the years.”
Hamill had appeared at several panels over the weekend. During one panel, he recalled his times working and spending time with his good friend, the late Carrie Fisher. On Sunday's panel, he discussed his roles as “The Trickster” on ‘The Flash' series, a little bite on ‘The Joker' on various DC animated series and his iconic role as ‘Luke Skywalker'.
Watch Mark Hamill's panel from ‘Star Wars Celebration' here:
He also talked about a time in the 70's when he and Fisher discreetly entered a movie theater to see the Star Wars trailer and sheepishly laughed when someone heckled the movie.
Hamill is set to appear on the eight-Star Wars movie ‘The Last Jedi‘ opening in theaters on December 15th.
©2017 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved.
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Investors, regulators, customers – everyone wants a piece of Tesco. The UK supermarket chain has come under fire from two big shareholders over what they see as a distracting, expensive takeover of wholesaler Booker Group. A financial regulator has used Tesco to experiment with compensating victims of market abuse. And customers just want ever-lower prices, as always. This last challenge is the one that could really knock things off course.
Schroder Investment Management and Artisan Partners have taken issue with Tesco's 3.7 billion pound purchase of Booker, and they have a point. The cash-and-shares bid should cover its cost of capital within two years – but only if the full cost savings Tesco has forecast come through. Assume no synergies, and the return on investment is less than 5 percent, according to a Breakingviews calculation. Focus too much on extracting those savings, and Tesco's so-far-so-good turnaround might suffer.
The regulator, too, is on a solid footing. Britain's Financial Conduct Authority wants Tesco to compensate investors who bought shares and bonds before an accounting scandal came to light in September 2014. This is a new concept for the FCA, which has done its own number-crunching to work out what the shares should have been worth when investors were buying. It relies on judgement, but the principles are sound.
So how can Tesco face its detractors? The regulatory problem is already history. Only two of the grocer's current 12-person board were there when the accounting fiddles took place, and Chief Executive Dave Lewis's hands are clean. Shareholders peeved over the Booker deal will be harder to please, but then they will get to vote on it in due course. The best thing Tesco can do until then is stick to its knitting, and not miss analyst forecasts of a 2.3 percent operating margin when it reports full-year earnings on April 12.
The third issue – dealing with the impact of parsimonious customers – is thornier. Grocery inflation has turned positive after more than two years of being negative, and a weaker sterling means much of the gains will go to Tesco's suppliers. The pressure to sacrifice profit by cutting prices, including any savings derived from buying Booker, will intensify. Schroders and Artisan may be right to worry that the deal won't live up to its promise, but Tesco has bigger problems in store.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Here is how Bollywood fraternity wished Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli:
Ab yeh hui na real Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi. My love to both @AnushkaSharma & @imVkohli May God bless u with happiness & health pic.twitter.com/ymsT2Ay9Fh
— Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 11, 2017
Anushka & Virat .. love and wishes for this auspicious day .. togetherness always !!🌺🌷🌹 https://t.co/q0DJEtlFJn
— Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) December 11, 2017
So wonderful. Many congratulations to both the families. https://t.co/YfXuIyxXd6
— Shahid Kapoor (@shahidkapoor) December 11, 2017
Huge congratulations and tons of love to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli ....beautiful couple and I wish them and their loved ones the best years ahead ❤️ pic.twitter.com/cI2PCrom38
— Karan Johar (@karanjohar) December 11, 2017
Big Congratulations to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli !! Your union is what fairy tales are made of..Wish you both every happiness that you ever wanted. Much love always! 😍❤️
— PRIYANKA (@priyankachopra) December 11, 2017
Many congratulations to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli on their wedding. God bless and welcome to the club!
— Abhishek Bachchan (@juniorbachchan) December 11, 2017
Those who wished the newly wed couple include Shah Rukh Khan, Shahid Kapoor, Karan Johar, Amitabh Bachchan and many others.In one of the long-awaited weddings in Bollywood town and the playing fields, the Virat and Anushka got married in a private event. It was attended by close family members and friends, at a resort in Tuscany, Italy.
Share This: Wynonna Earp Recap: Introducing The Newest Demon-Fighter In Purgatory Corrina
Season 2 Premieres June 9
“What do you want from me?” screams Wynonna during her first encounter with the demons that loiter around her hometown of Purgatory—a mere five minutes into the debut episode of Wynonna Earp.
Wynonna is late for a funeral, her uncle's. The official story is that he died of a stroke. But then why was his head ripped clean from his body? Just like that girl on the bus with Wynonna.
Thing is, no one in Purgatory wants to talk about what happened. Even the musclebound ranch hand who found Wynonna's uncle isn't eager to return to the scene of the crime. Soon enough, Wynonna is reunited with her sister, Waverly and the two of them begin to work out their issues, namely the Earp family curse. Wynonna doesn't want to talk about it (or her great great grandfather Wyatt Earp's famous gun, The Peacemaker). But the recent, unexplainable activity that's flared up in her hometown forces her hand.
When US Marshall Dolls (Black Badge Division) shows up asking questions (like, ‘Will you come work for me and fight demons?') Wynonna decides she wants answers after all, for herself and her sister, at least. Turns out that whole thing about the Earp curse/gift is true—and unavoidable. With Wyatt's gun in hand, Wynonna… goes on a drinking binge. But then! She runs into a… dirty guy who crawled out of a well. But then! He turns out to be someone from the Earp family's past—and things get a lot more interesting.
After her aunt is attacked and her sister kidnapped, Wynonna turns to Agent Dolls who tell her that Waverly is being held and/or killed by demons as they speak (although the official report says ‘coyotes'). Using all the cash she has (aka her ‘get the hell out of Purgatory' fund), Wynonna buys herself a sweet new motorcycle and rides to Waverly's rescue.
She arrives to find her sister hanging in there (literally) and surrounded by Revenants—the term for the town's specific brand of demonic undead. Their ringleader was hung by Wyatt in 1866 and now plans to do the same to his great great granddaughter. And here's where the full horror of the Earp curse comes to light: each time an heir turns 27, the Revenants vanquished by the previous heirs are resurrected—back to Purgatory. The ones that are holding Waverly want one thing in exchange for her life: The Peacemaker.
Wynonna outsmarts them (one healthy brain is better than three rotting ones) and sends the Revenant ringleader back to hell, with apparent help from agent Dolls. But after saving her and her sister, he blackmails Wynonna into helping him put each and every demon in Purgatory back into the ground, which is how she becomes Deputy Earp.
However, it wasn't Dolls who fired the shot that saved Waverly and Wynonna… it was the stranger from the bar—the one that seemed to know an awful lot about Wyatt Earp and his friend Doc Holliday.
Who knew Mama O was such an avid art collector?
Oprah Winfrey recently made the deal of the lifetime!
According to Bloomberg, the chief executive officer of OWN sold a Gustav Klimt painting for $150 million to a wealthy Chinese buyer, grossing an extra $62 million. Ten years ago, Winfrey bought “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” for $87.9 million at Christie's auction house in New York. Since then, the paintings value has risen about 71 percent.
Gustav Klimt, “Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II” (1912), oil on canvas. pic.twitter.com/VHGpQAeHOi — Chantal Barlow (@ChantalBarlow) February 9, 2017
The painting, that was created in 1912, depicts Adele Bloch-Bauer in a long, narrow robe and halo-like black hat, standing against an ornate background of mauve and green, Bloomberg describes. Bloch-Bauer was the Viennese wife of sugar baron Ferdinand Bloch-Bauer and the only woman Klimt painted twice.
As the news website pointed out, Winfrey temporarily loaned the painting to the Museum of Modern Art in 2014, but then art dealer Larry Gagosian reportedly lined up an interested buyer who was willing to pay upwards of $100 million.
Apparently, Winfrey is no stranger to art collecting. In 2015, she held an auction at her Chicago condo where she sold off a slew of artwork, including works from American Impressionist Francis Coates Jones and British-born painter Maud Earl.
Clearly Winfrey doesn't need the cash— it's estimated that the 63-year-old is worth a whopping $2.9 billion dollars.
RELATED NEWS:
Oprah Winfrey And Lee Daniels Rumored To Be Teaming Up For ‘Terms Of Endearment' Remake
Oprah Winfrey Joins '60 Minutes' As Special Correspondent
New Nike Ad With Serena Williams And LeBron James Addresses Racial Inequality
SOURCE: HelloBeautiful.com
Article Courtesy of HelloBeautiful
First Picture Courtesy of Bennett Raglin and Getty Images
Tweet and Second Picture Courtesy of Twitter and HelloBeautiful
Retailers are finding themselves walking a fine line when dealing with the politically charged Ivanka Trump brand, which is stamped on everything from pants to shoes to handbags.
Carry the items and get grief from shoppers opposed to President Donald Trump and his daughter's role in the White House.
Pull the brand because it's not selling, and risk facing the ire of Trump supporters and becoming a Twitter target.
Many retailers are opting for a Switzerland strategy: avoid taking sides while trying to do what's best for business.
"No choice is a good choice because they are going to upset lots of shoppers no matter which way they go," said Allen Adamson, founder of the firm BrandSimpleConsulting.
"That's why they're a deer in headlights. In this retailing environment, no one wants to give shoppers another reason not to come to the store."
The latest example of how fraught the situation is? After Ivanka Trump's branded diaper bags and other baby products disappeared from Bed Bath & Beyond's Buy Buy Baby's website late March, a customer representative inaccurately told a shopper the chain was no longer carrying the items. That led to backlash on social media.
In response, Bed, Bath & Beyond clarified on its Facebook page that it will carry Ivanka Trump products in some Buy Buy Baby stores and stock them "where consumer demand and business performance justifies it."
"We are not making our merchandising decisions based on anyone's political beliefs," the company posted. But when the retailer revealed it was still carrying the brand, some Trump opponents took to social media to complain.
Continued below.
Related Content Donald Trump looks abroad for swift successes to boost his standing Bannon: From shadow leader to marked man Eric Trump claims father Donald is not intimidated by Vladimir Putin's threats
Similar scenarios have been playing out as retailers try to navigate the political minefield of Ivanka Trump merchandise. Customers are increasingly voting with their wallet, getting behind the #GrabYourWallet boycott or counter-boycotts like #BuyIvanka.
Nordstrom was the first major retailer to be in the political spotlight, saying in February that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories based on steadily declining sales over the past year, particularly in the last half of 2016.
That caused highly publicised shopper boycotts. The upscale department store chain was left tweeting back to enraged customers, saying it was merely a business decision. Then President Trump took it to another level, complaining on Twitter that Nordstrom treated his daughter "so unfairly." And one of his top advisers, Kellyanne Conway, urged shoppers to "go buy Ivanka's stuff," an incident that sparked bipartisan condemnation and calls for ethics investigations.
Other companies have adopted a more stealth-like approach, in the hopes of avoiding the backlash: When scaling back or dropping the first daughter's merchandise, they have issued carefully crafted and brief statements, if they address the matter at all.Belk Inc. had said in February it would no longer carry Ivanka Trump items on its website but will offer them in the stores. Now, it's scaled back its official statement, only saying it continues to carry the merchandise.
TJX Cos. said in February it was pulling back on promoting the brand at its T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores, mixing it up with other labels on the racks. And QVC has said it no longer carries the products. Sears and its lower-priced sister Kmart said in February it scaled back on the number of items in its stores but emphasised that hundreds of items are available through their third-party online marketplaces.
Saks Off Fifth, Saks Fifth Avenue's outlet chain owned by Hudson's Bay Co., and Burlington Coat Factory quietly removed the Ivanka Trump items from their online sites in February.
A spokesperson for the Ivanka Trump brand said it doesn't have control over how its products are merchandised and noted the rotation of products offered online and at the stores is a traditional course of business.
But the Ivanka Trump brand, which was launched in 2007 with high-end jewellery and then eventually expanded to mid-market clothes and other accessories, insists that overall distribution is growing. The collection is expected to be stocked by over 1000 stores in the US alone this year, up from around 800 last year, according to the brand.
Macy's, Lord & Taylor, and Dillard's all carry her merchandise, which is available online.
So does Amazon.com and online shoe company Zappos.com. Perfumania.com carries her fragrances.
As a private company, it doesn't release sales figures, but the brand says sales rose 21 percent last year compared to the prior year. And there are signs from various measures that sales growth has been strong so far this year.
Trump still owns her brand but has stepped back from day-to-day management. She has shifted its assets to a trust valued at over $50 million and overseen by brother-in-law and sister-in-law. Abigail Klem, who has been with the brand since 2013, is president.
Adamson says that the Ivanka Trump brand has a competitive advantage, but one that comes with its own perils.
"She has clearly strengthened the brand, and added the dimension of having a powerful political stage on which to make her story more interesting," Adamson says.
But he added, "The risk is she has less control of her image than before because ... she is not in control of how events unfold."
May 3 Boise Cascade Co:
* Reg-Boise Cascade Company reports 2017 first quarter net income of $10.0 million on sales of $974.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share $0.26
* Q1 revenue $974.4 million versus I/B/E/S view $966.3 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.09 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Expect to continue to experience modest demand growth for products co manufactures and distributes in 2017
* Also expect plywood sales volumes to be below prior year levels Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
FIL PHOTO - U.S. President Donald Trump talks to journalists at the Oval Office of the White House after the AHCA health care bill was pulled before a vote in Washington, U.S. March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
Cross-border M&A had its strongest start since 2007, driving first-quarter global volumes up 7 percent, as optimism over U.S. President Donald Trump's economic agenda buoyed the stock market and the dollar, making foreign acquisitions cheaper than some U.S. targets.
Many U.S. CEOs are feeling richer and more confident thanks to a rally in their companies' stock. Yet potential U.S. acquisition targets often feel they are worth a lot too, while uncertainty over Trump's tax policies makes planning a merger more difficult for the companies involved.
To be sure, U.S. M&A was still up 3 percent in the first quarter. Some acquirers brushed off the political uncertainty, and often got around disagreements over the cash value of a company by using their stock as currency to pay for deals. Nonetheless, a few acquirers chose to cast their net overseas.
The biggest deal since the start of the year was U.S. healthcare and consumer conglomerate Johnson & Johnson's (JNJ.N) $30 billion agreement in January to acquire Swiss biotechnology firm Actelion Ltd (ATLN.S).
Other major cross-border deals were attempted unsuccessfully. Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant Unilever Plc (ULVR.L) snubbed a $143 billion acquisition offer from U.S. food conglomerate Kraft Heinz Co (KHC.O), while Dutch paint maker Akzo Nobel NV (AKZO.AS) rejected a sweetened $24 billion bid from U.S. coatings manufacturer PPG Industries Inc (PPG.N).
Some cross-border M&A even headed in the other direction. British consumer products company Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB.L), for example, agreed in February to acquire baby milk manufacture Mead Johnson Nutrition Company (MJN.N) for $17.9 billion.
"We saw an increase in outbound deals from the United States into Europe, as the outlook on the European economy has improved. Transactions for European targets are also less impacted by uncertainty around potential U.S. tax reform," said Gary Posternack, global head of mergers & acquisitions at Barclays Plc (BARC.L).
Preliminary Thomson Reuters data show that global M&A totaled $726.5 million in the first quarter, up 7 percent year-on-year. Cross-border M&A totaled $323.1 billion year-to-date, the highest level since 2007, accounting for 45 percent of total M&A activity so far this year.
Acquisitions by U.S. companies abroad reached $114.1 billion so far in 2017, a triple-digit percentage increase compared with a year ago, surpassing the year-to-date record set in 2007 of $97.1 billion. Europe inbound cross-border M&A reached $127.1 billion, topping the year-to-date record of $104.5 billion set last year.
In the United States, the biggest questions CEOs faced when considering M&A were around mulled policy reforms that would affect deductibility of interest expense, corporate tax rates, overseas cash repatriation, and the potential cross-border adjustment tax.
"There are a number of people who are saying I want to wait until this fleshes out a bit, until questions around tax or certain healthcare policies get reformed over time, it's harder to do a deal," said Robin Rankin, co-head of global M&A at Credit Suisse Group AG (CSGN.S).
Nevertheless, most M&A advisers appear optimistic. About 44 percent of dealmakers expected M&A to increase in 2017, an uptick from just 13 percent a year ago, according to a survey published this week by financial communications firm Brunswick Group.
PRICE CONCERNS
After two years of particularly robust M&A activity - 2016 and 2015 saw the biggest and third biggest M&A volumes on record, respectively - and historically high corporate valuations, the main impediment to deals is price concerns, dealmakers said.
With his ruling Republican party divided along ideological fault lines, it was also not clear what impact Trump's failed bid to reform the U.S. healthcare system earlier this month would have on his ability to implement tax proposals.
"While the strategic dialogue is as good as it has been in quite some time, many assets are richly valued and uncertainty still exists around tax reform and the regulatory environment," said Jack MacDonald, co-head of Global M&A at Bank of America Corp (BAC.N).
Recovering oil prices boosted energy M&A, which reached 118.4 billion so far in 2017, up 41 percent year-on-year.
Credit markets remained wide open, favoring not just big corporate deals but also leveraged buyouts. Global private equity-backed M&A activity totaled $57.5 billion, the strongest year-to-date period for such deals since 2014, and a 38 percent increase from a year ago.
(Reporting by Lauren Hirsch and Greg Roumeliotis; Editing by Andrew Hay)
UPDATE 1-US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access Pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Local residents enjoy the snowfall on the outskirts of Quetta. A bone-chilling cold snap has gripped Islamabad for most of January, forcing many schoolchildren to stay at home.
ISLAMABAD: After a two-week winter break, school in Islamabad started as usual at the beginning of January — but Shumaila Nelofar's two children did not go.
With morning temperatures hovering just above freezing, their mother kept them at home rather than have them sit in unheated classrooms during a bone-chilling cold snap that gripped the capital for much of a month.
“How could I be so heartless to allow my children to go to school in the harsh cold?” she asked.
Her 10-year-old daughter Amina Khan said that heavy fog on the first of January also forced her and her sister to turn back to their home in Ghouri, a neighbourhood on the outskirts of the Pakistani capital, during their walk to school.
“It looked like dense wet clouds had landed on the ground, with almost zero visibility in the morning,” she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation recently as she and her sister returned home from school with their classmates.
Schools in Pakistan normally reopen on January 1, but this year many parents, particularly in central and northern Pakistan, have been reluctant to send their children as temperatures remain unusually low.
Some parents and teachers have urged the government to extend the normal two-week winter holiday to protect the health of both children and teachers — a measure some schools have already taken.
“Teaching in classrooms without heaters in such freezing cold weather compelled me and the most of my fellow teachers to refuse to attend school,” said Naila Khan, a biology teacher at a government girls' school in the capital's upscale F-6 sector.
“Many schools like ours are without heaters to keep the classrooms warm, and even if there are heaters, they're good for nothing because of extended gas and electricity outages,” she said.
Part of the problem, she said, is that the two-week school winter break is aimed to fall on the coldest days of the year — but this year the colder period has come much later, as weather grows more unpredictable across Pakistan as a result of climate change.
Hotter, longer summers
Schools are experiencing similar problems at the other end of the year as well. Weather that is too hot for students and teachers to focus on their work now often extends beyond the usual June and July summer break.
Last year, schools were supposed to reopen on August 1 after a two-month break, but the government extended the holiday until mid-August, following temperature highs of between 35 and 41 degrees Celsius (95 to 106 degrees Fahrenheit) in all but the mountainous northern areas.
Scientists at the Pakistan Meteorological Department (PMD) say that each successive summer since 2010 has been the hottest recorded in the country, with increasingly frequent and intense heatwaves.
At the same time, cold winter days have begun later each year for about the last six years.
Ghulam Rasul, head of the PMD and the permanent representative of Pakistan with the United Nations' World Meteorological Organisation, said significant natural variation was to be expected from year to year in the onset of winter and summer and in terms of temperature extremes.
But he added that a shift in the seasons of at least 15 days had been observed over the past 20 years, meaning that summer was beginning earlier and winter later than average.
He urged school officials to adapt school schedules to the new reality.
“Considering the highly erratic weather patterns, it would be a saner approach to adapt annual academic vacation schedules to the shifting seasonal patterns,” he said.
He suggested extending holiday leave periods by about two weeks to allow a “cushion” for more intense temperature extremes.
Flexible holidays
Summer school holidays in Sindh, Punjab and Balochistan provinces already have been extended each year since 2010 on account of the seasonal changes.
As well as the extension to August 14 last year, holidays were prolonged in most of the country until August 11 in 2015 and August 30 in 2014.
Qamar-uz-Zaman Chaudhry, a climate change specialist at the Asian Development Bank and lead author of Pakistan's national climate change policy, said the coldest days now fall in late January instead of late December.
In addition to very hot Augusts, heatwaves — which were once rare even in June and July — now occur as early as May, he added.
“The 15-day annual winter school vacation needs to be advanced by 7-10 days,” Chaudhry suggested, while the summer holidays should begin 10-15 days later and could be expanded to last two weeks longer.
Jam Mehtab Hussain Dahar, the education minister of Sindh province, said that his department was considering adjusting the onset of winter and summer holidays to the weather each year, a measure that found support from Rana Mashhood Ahmed, Punjab's education minister.
“We are planning to keep the school vacations schedule flexible to adjust with the shifting extreme winter and summer days,” Ahmed said in a telephone interview.
DOHA: Since the Qatar diplomatic crisis started, one response by the emirate has become increasingly clear—Doha is using its extraordinary wealth to fund a massive push in defense spending.
A flurry of military contracts have followed since Saudi Arabia and its allies dramatically cut all ties with Qatar last June, accusing the 2022 World Cup host of sponsoring terrorism and cozying up to Riyadh's bitter regional rival, Iran.
Isolated by and increasingly vulnerable to its more powerful neighbors, Qatar has in the past eight months subsequently announced military contracts worth some $25 billion (20 billion euros).
“While Qatar's defense spending has been increasing for a number of years, the more recent spending surge appears to be directly related to the crisis,” says David Roberts, assistant professor at King's College London.
Doha bought F-15 planes from the United States barely a fortnight after the crisis began and at the same time as US President Donald Trump appeared to take the Saudis' side in the dispute.
In December it signed a Rafale fighter jet deal with France during a visit to Qatar by French President Emmanuel Macron.
That deal caused consternation among some officials in Britain —desperate for its own bilateral deal as it negotiates its withdrawal from the European Union—until days later London too signed an agreement to supply Typhoon jets to the Qatari air force.
Britain will also supply air security during 2022.
Last month it was announced that Qatar was in talks to buy Russian air defense missiles.
Sandwiched between the air force deals, Qatar, bordered on three sides by water, also negotiated a multi-dollar billion contract to buy seven Italian navy vessels.
Invasion fears
There has also been military diplomacy.
In the past few days Qatar's defense minister, Khalid bin Mohammed al-Attiyah, has said the emirate also wants to host the US Navy.
It is already home to the largest US airbase in the Middle East, Al-Udeid, which houses some 10,000 American troops.
And Turkey, which also has a military base in Qatar, could also deploy naval forces there.
Symbolically, during December's National Day celebrations, Qatari troops paraded with recently acquired Chinese short-range ballistic missiles.
“It's a massive investment into the military,” says Andreas Krieg, a military adviser to the Qatari government until last year.
This huge leap in spending—until 2013 Qatar was spending around $3 billion a year on defense, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute—reflects Doha's fear of invasion especially at the beginning of the crisis.
Qatari officials admit privately they were stunned when the crisis began, taken completely unaware by the Saudi-led states.
Despite the sometimes bizarre nature of the crisis—Doha flying in thousands of cows, protest songs and Qatar missing from a map at the Louvre Abu Dhabi —fears of invasion initially ran very deep.
“There was concern that the initial diplomatic and economic measures imposed on Qatar on June 5 might be the prelude for military action,” says Kristian Ulrichsen, a fellow at the Baker Institute for Public Policy at Rice University in the United States.
Krieg adds that Qatar's fear of invasion stretches back to 2014 when Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain abruptly pulled their ambassadors from Qatar.
Their dispute was resolved—or at least papered over until last summer—but its impact is not forgotten.
Expect the unexpected
Qatar's Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani took over from his father Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani just months before that dispute.
A former member of the Qatari air force who attended Britain's Sandhurst military training academy, Sheikh Tamim broke from his father's policies and poured more of his country's gas riches into defense spending.
“The military had been underfunded for many decades,” says Krieg.
“Regardless of the crisis, there was always a demand to get new equipment for the air force, navy and land forces.”
Roberts adds: “I think Qatar's leaders are trying to expect the unexpected.
“So while they may feel that a military action is unlikely, their expectations have been consistently wrong thus far, so Qatar needs to plan for the worst.”
Military contracts also have value beyond mere weaponry —and for Qatar it's also a way of diplomacy, cementing its relations with key countries.
Lolwa al-Khater, foreign ministry spokeswoman, told AFP that bilateral defense deals help to “strengthen these partnerships”.
Roberts adds they “deeply intertwine” Qatar's security with Washington, Paris or London.
“Qatar wants these states to have an increasingly direct stake in Qatar's security and stability,” he says.
But despite the spending, Qatar's military capabilities pale into comparison to those of Saudi Arabia and the UAE.
Ultimately its long-term security may depend on another investment—Al-Udeid.
“We shouldn't underestimate that the greatest guarantor is Al-Udeid,” says Krieg, referring to the presence of US troops at the base on its territory.
AFP
Roy Jr., Wesley and Alex Orbison Carry on Their Father's Legacy with Three Major Projects The Authorized Roy Orbison book, A Love So Beautiful album and 2018 hologram tour highlight busy period for Roy's Boys
Contact
Mark Lapidos
***@thefest.com Mark Lapidos
End
--is proud to announce that Roy Orbison's three sons – Roy Jr., Wesley and Alex Orbison, better known as– will join musicianat this year's Metro New York City event, scheduled to take place during the weekend of March 9-11, 2018, at the Hyatt Regency in Jersey City, New Jersey. They will appear in concert on Saturday, March 10, to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Traveling Wilburys, the supergroup founded by their father with former Beatle George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Tom Petty and ELO's Jeff Lynne in 1988, in a performance dubbed, and will appear throughout the weekend at various events at The Fest For Beatles Fans (http://www.thefest.com/2018-fests/new-york-metro-march-9-10-11-2018/)Roy Orbison Jr. (guitar, vocals), Wesley Orbison (vocals, guitar) and Alex Orbison (drums, vocals) – Roy's Boys -- will join Jeff Slate (vocals, guitar), whose Birds of Paradox will be making its fifth Fest For Beatles Fans appearance, and whose all-star ranks have included musicians who have recorded and appeared with former Beatles, David Bowie and Roy Orbison himself, for a set of Wilburys-era and Roy Orbison classics. They will also be greeting fans to promote the recent Center Street book http://amzn.to/ 2BNEAgo ) that Roy's Boys wrote with Slate, who is also a renowned rock journalist, as well as Sony/Legacy's http://amzn.to/ 2FBnqFe ) and the forthcoming hologram tour with the RPO.work tirelessly to protect and further their father's legacy., the eldest, is a seasoned songwriter and guitar player. His song "The Only One" (co-written with Craig Wiseman), appears on Roy Orbison's multi-platinum albumis a singer and guitar player who will be the opening act on this year's Roy Orbison and the Royal Philharmonic hologram tour. He enjoys spending time with his beautiful bride, Asa, and their son, Roy Orbison III. They are expecting another child on Valentine's Day., a drummer by trade, is co-president of Still Working Music and is a producer of the forthcoming film,, based the book of the same name, about Jimmie Nicol, the drummer who briefly filled in for a tonsillitis-ridden Ringo Starr during The Beatles' 1964 world tour. All three brothers reside with their families in Nashville, Tennessee. Roy's Boys have played together all their lives, but only began recording and performing live together recently. They backed their father on the song "The Way Is Love" on the 2015 expanded edition of, and in 2017,producers Don Reedman and Nick Patrick featured the three on "Oh, Pretty Woman" for that album. Recently, they recorded a song with country legend and Roy Orbison friend Johnny Cash's son John Carter Cash and are currently playing live and recording together and separately.Singer-songwriteris an internationally recognized recording artist and music journalist. He co-founded the band the Mindless Thinkers, founded The Badge and has performed and worked with countless rock luminaries, including Pete Townshend of The Who, Sheryl Crow and others. His band with David fsbdt Bowie sideman Earl Slick, and his current band Jeff Slate & Friends, are both mainstays of the Northeast music scene. As a solo performer he has played all over the world, from St. George's Hall in Liverpool to Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco. His music has appeared on the BBC and in shows likeand. Jeff writes about music for, contributed liner notes to the 50th anniversary edition ofand is the author with Roy's Boys of. In previous years Jeff's Birds of Paradox band has included appearances by Steve Holley and Laurence Juber of Wings, Gary Van Scyoc and Adam Ippolito of John Lennon's Plastic Ono Elephant's Memory Band and Mark Rivera of Ringo Starr's All-Starr Band. This year's band will include musicians who have recorded and appeared with everyone from David Bowie to Roy Orbison. Jeff plays Gibson and Epiphone electric and acoustic guitars, Hofner basses and uses Vox amplifiers.For tickets: http://www.thefest.com/2018-fests/buy-tickets/"The Way Is Love" featuring Roy's Boys: https://youtu.be/VMtXt4hQHhM"Oh, Pretty Woman" video featuring Roy's Boys and Roy III: https://youtu.be/oRL24HNzKTcTo contact The Fest For Beatles Fans:Mark Lapidosmark@thefest.com201.666.5450www.thefest.com
The award-winning hit West End musical Everybody's Talking About Jamie will be broadcast live to Sussex cinemas on Thursday, July 5 (7.20pm).
There will be screenings at: Picturedrome – Bognor Regis, Cineworld – Brighton, Odeon – Brighton, Duke of York's – Brighton, Chichester Cinema at New Park, Cineworld – Chichester, Cineworld – Crawley, The Hawth – Crawley, Scott Cinemas – East Grinstead, Cineworld – Eastbourne, Odeon – Hastings, The Capitol – Horsham, The Picture House – Uckfield and Ritz Digital and Connaught Cinema – Worthing.
More2Screen has been appointed by Producer Nica Burns and Nimax Theatres to broadcast the award-winning five-star musical live by satellite from the Apollo Theatre in London's West End, followed by a worldwide recorded roll-out in the autumn.
Inspired by a true story, this feel-good show has been thrilling audiences and critics alike since it opened at the Sheffield Crucible in 2017, before transferring to Shaftesbury Avenue's Apollo Theatre.
Jamie New is 16 and lives on a council estate in Sheffield. He doesn't quite fit in and is terrified about the future but he is going to be a sensation. Supported by his brilliant, loving mum and surrounded by his friends, Jamie overcomes prejudice, beats the bullies and steps into the spotlight.
John McCrea, Josie Walker, Tamsin Carroll, Lucie Shorthouse and Phil Nichol lead a 24-strong company and an eight-piece band. With songs by lead singer-songwriter of The Feeling, Dan Gillespie Sells, and a hilarious book and lyrics by Tom MacRae, this musical is directed by Jonathan Butterell who was inspired to create Everybody's Talking About Jamie after watching the Firecracker documentary film about the remarkable true story of Jamie Campbell and his mother Margaret.
Christine Costello, CEO of More2Screen, said: “We are very proud to be appointed by Nica Burns and Nimax Theatres to bring this fabulously successful West End production to musical theatre fans around the UK and Ireland, and then to a global audience. Although there have been an ever-increasing number of successful theatre events at the cinema, the live broadcast of a commercial West End musical production remains a rare occurrence. The enthusiastic response from our cinema partners, and rush to programme the live broadcast of Everybody's Talking About Jamie, demonstrates what a hot ticket this is for cinema audiences.”
Visit www.jamieincinemas.com.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be among the first to know what's going on.
1 Make our website your homepage
2 Like our Facebook page
3 Follow us on Twitter
4 Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends – so they don't miss out!
Be part of it.
ZIMBABWE does not have a legal framework for the diaspora vote and the electoral authority is not under any obligation to set up polling stations outside the country, the Constitutional Court has ruled.
Deputy Chief Justice Elizabeth Gwaunza, sitting with eight other judges of the apex court, ruled that only those posted to other countries on national duty, can enjoy the right to postal ballot.
The nine-member bench made the decision while dismissing a challenge by three Zimbabweans living in the diaspora who were seeking to compel the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (Zec) to facilitate their voting in the harmonised election set for July 30 from their respective foreign bases.
Mr Gabriel Shumba (Zimbabwean lawyer) and Mr Sibonile Mfumisi — both based in South Africa — and United Kingdom-based Mr Darlington Nyambiya wanted the Government to follow up on every Zimbabwean in almost all continents of the world and ensure they exercise their right to vote from there.
The court ruled that those who left the country on their own accord were not covered by the legislation and their exclusion cannot be viewed as unconstitutional.
“The Constitution does not mandate the setting up of constituencies outside the borders of Zimbabwe. This, in my view, directs attention to what the true intention of the Legislature was, in this respect.
“It appears to be clear that the exclusion of the diaspora vote, as can be evinced from the constitutional provisions referred to, was consciously contrived and therefore intended.
“In its wisdom and for reasons that are not apparent, the legislature chose to expressly exclude Zimbabwean citizens not in government service but based abroad, from voting in the country's harmonised elections,” read the judgment.
Justice Gwaunza said when the Constitution was enacted in 2013, Parliament was aware that diaspora vote was not provided for but no changes were effected.
“The current constitution was enacted in 2013 by which time the legislature already knew that the law did not provide for a diaspora vote.
“However, no provision was inserted into the Constitution to expressly reverse this status quo,” said Justice Gwaunza.
The court ruled that the additional requirement under Section 23 of the Electoral Act for one to be resident in the constituency he or she wishes to cast their vote, was above board and in sync with the supreme law.
“The power to make residency requirements is derived from the Constitution itself.
“It is apparent that the concept of additional residential requirement is lawful and constitutional,” reads the judgment.
The court ruled that since the Constitution does not envisage constituencies beyond the borders of Zimbabwe, it follows that the voters' roll cannot exist outside country's 210 constituencies.
In the application, the trio cited Foreign Affairs Minister Lieutenant-General Sibusiso Moyo (Retired); Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (Zec) chairperson Justice Priscilla Chigumba; Justice, Legal and Parliamentary Affairs Minister Ziyambi Ziyambi; Finance and Economic Development Minister Patrick Chinamasa and Attorney-General Prince Machaya as respondents.
The Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights —instructed Advocate Thabani Mpofu argued the matter on behalf of the trio while Mrs Venard Munyoro from the AG's Offce argued on behalf of the
respondents. Herald
April 28 Vermilion Energy Inc
* Vermilion Energy Inc announces results for the three months ended March 31, 2017
* Q1 FFO per share C$1.21
* Says average production increased by 6% in Q1 2017 to 64,537 boe/d
* Vermilion Energy - expect production volumes to continue increasing throughout 2017 to achieve full year production guidance of between 69,000-70,000 boe/d Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tiger's Spooky Decorations Are Making Us Wish It Was Halloween Already!
By Alice Westoby
It may only be early October but Tiger's amazing affordable decorations are making us wish it was the 31st.
It's October! That time of year when the leaves turn orange and thinks start getting seriously spooky in the lead up to Halloween.
But if you're not venturing out to a fright night or wanting to head to the cinema for a scary movie marathon then there are ways you can bring the fun into your own home and Flying Tiger are the KINGS of halloween decorations this year.
The super cheap and super fun Swedish brand have popped up on almost every high street in the past couple of years and are always a good go to for party decorations or bits and bobs for the home.
Here is all the fab affordably spooky stuff they have on offer this October!
Get witchy for a bargain price
Tagging along with the kids for a session of trick or treating this year and looking for a quick fix outfit? Tiger are selling a perfect witch hat for £2 an adorable broomstick (comes in orange or purple) for £2 and a cauldron for holding all those sweets for £2.
Having a night in watching scary films? Then spook up your snack selection with these cute snack boxes for popcorn and sweets. The coffin box costs £1 as do the popcorn holders.
Want an easy peasy quick costume fix for the kids? Or don't want to put on a whole outfit but accessorise ghoulishly instead? This sugar skull mask is the perfect thing and costs a wee £6.
These ones for the grown ups! Throwing a party? Then why not play a gruesome game of beer pong with some festively themed cups and ping pong eyeballs! The eyeballs are £1 for a pack and the cups also £1 a pack.
Happy Halloween!
FRANKFURT The European Central Bank will not exit its ultra-loose monetary policy faster than it considers appropriate by following the Federal Reserve, the ECB's vice president said on Monday.
The Fed has increased its benchmark rate in March and is expected to push it up at least twice more this year.
The ECB's official policy rate stands at zero as the inflation rate in the 19-member currency bloc is still below the central bank's target.
"We have, in Europe, an independent monetary policy and we don't follow the Fed or the Fed interest rates," Constancio said at a hearing in the European Parliament.
Constancio told lawmakers that each central bank should deal with its own domestic situation: "That's the way it should be."
(Reporting by Andreas Framke and Christoph Steitz; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Early this year, talk-show host and celebrity mom Camille Prats-Yambao excited her fans when she announced that she and her husband are expecting a daughter. Consequently, it is the proverbial pregnancy glow that fans attribute to the healthy, glowing skin and look that she emulates in her social media posts, especially on Instagram.
Finally, Prats, beloved by her fans since her “AngTV” and “Sarah, Ang Munting Prinsesa”days, revealed her secret in achieving healthy skin during her pregnancy at a special baby shower her new endorsement Sanosan gave at Ibiza Beach Club in Bonifacio Global City.
Aside from a healthy diet and having a thankful and happy outlook in life, Prats attributes the use of olive oil and hydrolyzed milk protein-rich products to her healthy skin.
“During my first pregnancy, one of the most difficult things for me was battling those pesky stretch marks. Now with my second child, I'm better prepared—thanks to Sanosan's Anti-Stretch Mark Cream. I use it at least twice a day, and I see that it's really effective,” Prats promised.
Olive oil is rich with powerful antioxidants and vitamins E, A and D, and has been used since ancient times as an effective yet gentle cleanser, moisturizer and protector of skin and hair.
Milk, meanwhile, is known to be healthy for the body. The ancient beauty Queen Cleopatra of Egypt, who was believed to bathe in milk, popularized it. Today, experts have found that hydrolyzed milk contains amino acids and nutrients that rejuvenate tired skin by gently removing dead skin cells, and brightening one's complexion safely and naturally.
With her delivery date coming soon, Prats finally shared that her excitement is hard to contain and that she is more than ready to take care of her new child.
The name Johann Reichhart might not be one synonymous with Nazi Germany but his ruthless killing streak made him one of the most feared members of the regime.
Germany's chief executioner claimed the lives of some 3165 with the vast majority during World War II, the Daily Mail reports.
Criminals, resistance fighters and dissenters made up the bulk of his victims, whose lives he ended with the simple plunge of his guillotine.
In his bloodiest day, the "remorseless" Reichhart executed 32 people with cold efficiency, earning his feared nickname "Headhunter" through his dedication to the unenviable job.
Advertisement
Marc von Luke, a journalist who has written about Reichhart, said: "He killed quickly, efficiently and without remorse. Under the Nazi regime, Johann Reichhart despatched criminals and resistance fighters, and after the end of the war he hung up Nazis for the Allies. Until the end of his life, he believed in the benefits of the death penalty.
"Reichhart had the ambition to become the best hangman in Germany, sure that he was a master of his art. No one was going to kill faster than he did.
"He served the Nazis, but he served the Weimar Republic and the Allies too. It was the profession which was important, not the government of the day. He was simply good at his job."
One could say Reichhart had killing in his blood being the eighth generation in his family to go into executions.
Born on April 29, 1893 he would first serve his country in the First World war before becoming a butcher in peacetime.
However after growing tired of the slaughter house he applied to become an executioner for the Bavarian State Ministry of Justice in Munich in 1924, assuming the post from his outgoing uncle.
His career in killing began in earnest with the execution by guillotine of Rupert Fischer and Andreas Hutterer for murder.
The administration promised him 150 Goldmarks for each execution, and announced: "From April 1, 1924, Reichhart takes over the execution of all death sentences coming in the Free State of Bavaria to the execution by beheading with the guillotine."
A lull in executions forced Reichhart to become a green grocer in neighbouring Holland but he was soon back in action after Hitler's rise to power in 1933 and soon became a vital clog in the Nazi killing machine.
Reichhart immersed himself in his role and even invented a device called the 'double detective tongs' that kept prisoners pinned down without the need to tie them with rope.
The metal clamp held the prisoner beneath the guillotine instead of rope meaning execution time was reduced to four seconds flat.
One of Reichhart's most famous victims was 21-year-old Sophie Scholl on February 22, 1943 whose 'crime' was to have been a leading member of the White Rose movement, which had peacefully resisted the regime by writing anti-Nazi leaflets and distributing them around university students in Munich.
Sophie was the first of her fellow conspirators to be led to her death, which took place within just three hours of being found guilty by the rabidly Nazi judge, Roland Freisler, in his People's Court, notorious for its kangaroo trials.
For executioners such as Sophie Scholl's killers like Reichhart, the Nazi boom in the use of the guillotine made them wealthy. Those who dropped the blade were paid 3000 Reichsmarks per year - and received a 65 Reichsmark bonus per execution. Reichhart made enough to buy a villa in an affluent Munich suburb.
Cruelly, the Nazis even charged the families of those they had imprisoned and beheaded. For every day that a prisoner was held, a fee of 1.50 Reichsmarks was charged. The executions cost 300 Reichsmarks. Even the 12 pfennig cost of posting the invoice was demanded back by the Nazi state.
Married dad-of-three Reichhart had gained such notoriety that his children were taunted at school with chants such as "headcutter, headcutter, your dad's a headcutter!"
The reputation of their father even drove one of his sons to suicide.
However Reichhart changed sides once the Reich was toppled by the Allies and he was captured by American soldiers.
Curiously, he was prisoner in Landsberg Prison for the purposes of denazification but not tried for carrying out his duty of judicial executioner.
After his released he helped in the hanging of 156 Nazi officers but after two mistaken identities he refused to carry out any more killings himself.
An episode of Forbidden History, which airs on Wednesday tonight in the UK, is dedicated to exploring the life of Hitler's headhunter.
Jamie Theakston, the show's presenter, said: "Reichhhart developed his own guillotine modelled on the traditional French guillotine, but lighter and more mobile. It's horrific to think of it.
"He was very proud of what he did. He felt he was doing an important service.
"One of the reasons he ended up working for the Allies was that there were not a lot of people prepared to do that kind of thing."
After years spent living alone, Reichhart died in a care home near Munich in 1972.
A transient Tauranga pensioner has been jailed for the 129th time after he admitted interfering with five motor vehicles in the central business district.
James Hemi Gates, 69, who pleaded guilty to a charge of unlawful interfering with motor vehicles when he appeared in Tauranga District Court, was jailed for six months.
This is a charge which attracts a maximum penalty of two years' prison.
The court was told that at 9.16pm on January 29 this year Gates approached multiple vehicles on Devonport Rd, and tried five door handles to see if the cars were unlocked.
Advertisement
His actions were captured on the Tauranga City Council's CCTV security system, and the operator reported the matter to police.
Gates initially claimed he was checking his daughter's vehicle to see if it was unlocked.
But once confronted with the CCTV footage evidence, he told police that he had not yet received his benefit payment and was "trying to survive".
Gates had only been released from prison two weeks earlier after he was jailed for 11 months in August last year for the same type of offending, the court heard.
Lawyer Tony Balme told Judge Christopher Harding that his client's National Super payments had not yet been resumed after being suspended when he was jailed in August.
Fortunately, there was no damage and no inconvenience caused to members of the public and Mr Gates wished to be sentenced without a report, Balme said.
Mr Balme said Gates was currently of no fixed abode.
His client had rejected an offer to live at the Tauranga Men's Shelter, and he could not offer an alternative address where he could serve a community-based sentence, he said.
Judge Harding told Gates there was only one sentence that could be imposed given he had 253 prior convictions and served 128 previous sentences of imprisonment.
"Mr Gates you had only released from prison two weeks ago, and here you are again back before the court for doing the same thing."
Gates had numerous dishonesty convictions of a similar nature, and also been trespassed from some business premises in the central business district, the judge said.
Judge Harding said Gates had been sent to prison a number of times for this type of charge and the public had the right to be protected from his continued offending.
Gates was sentenced to six months' prison with no conditions upon release.
Judge Harding urged Gates to accept the offer to live at the night shelter when he was released from prison and sort out his benefit problems, so he did not offend again.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Jonathan Rea will attempt to put his faltering World Superbike title rivals to the sword at Misano in Italy this weekend before the championship enters the summer break.
The Kawasaki rider has clear daylight in the standings following his commanding double in the previous round at Laguna Seca in the USA.
Rea now holds an advantage of 75 points over Ducati's Chaz Davies with five of the 18 rounds remaining.
His dominant lead equates to three race wins and the triple champion is turning the screw in his pursuit of a fourth consecutive world crown, which would see the 31-year-old Ulster rider join Carl Fogarty as the joint most successful riders ever in World Superbikes.
After a holiday with his family, Rea is feeling relaxed and re-energised as he targets his ninth win of the season at the Marco Simoncelli Circuit near Italy's Adriatic Coast.
“Misano is one of my favourite races of the season and this year we planned a holiday before the race with my family, staying on the beach with our motor home,” Rea said.
“It sets the weekend up perfectly as I feel recharged for the last race before the summer break.
“The circuit is pretty straightforward and has a mix of everything.
“Although it's flat, it's still a challenge to find a compromise with set up, so we will work hard on Friday to make sure we can be competitive.
“It's important to strengthen our position in the championship. Our target is to keep working the way we have in the previous races and maximise our potential.”
Rea boasts a strong record at Misano, where he achieved his first World Superbike victory in 2009, going on to win four times in all.
Eugene Laverty, meanwhile, will be eager to build on his maiden podium for the Milwaukee Aprilia team at Laguna Seca.
Laverty finished in third place in race two after starting from pole and has been making big strides with the Italian machine this season, battling back form injury after a crash at the second round in Thailand in March.
Race one is scheduled for 12 noon BST on Saturday, with race two at the same time on Sunday.
Following round nine this weekend, the championship breaks for nine weeks, resuming at Portimao in Portugal from September 14-16.
Before then, an official two-day test will be held in late August.
A block-maker, his 14-year old son and one of his workers Friday confessed to killing a labourer whose burnt remains were found in a hole earlier in the afternoon aback his place of employment, Deputy Berbice Divisonal Commander,Edmond Cooper said.
The motive for the killing was not immediately known.
The block-maker's sons, 23 and 14 years old, are also among those in custody assisting investigators with the circumstances leading to the killing of 21-year-old Mahendra Ghanie called “Azad”.
The burnt remains of a man believed to be those of the missing labourer were Friday afternoon unearthed behind his employer's home at Number 55 Village, Corentyne.
The labourer has been missing since Monday after he left his 198 Bloomfield, Corentyne home for work.
Ghanie's mother, Indranie Seenarine, recalled that her son left home at around 5 PM on Monday for work and later that same evening called to say that he had arrived.
However, family members began suspecting something was amiss after several calls over the next days went unanswered. “He calls Monday and seh mommy me reach. Then now Tuesday we call and he nah answer he phones. So we think he's working. But then now Wednesday, we call again and he nah answer and I feel like something happen to meh son”.
Seenarine related to Demerara Waves Online that she made several reports to the No. 51 and Whim Police Stations. After not given the satisfaction needed, family members decided to the venture to his place of work on Thursday.
The missing man's brother, Razack Ghanie relayed that upon reaching the scene, they saw the main suspect's son who immediately fled after spotting them. “The man son run away soon as he sees we come and we go back and tell the police all this but they ain't come back with we to search or nothing”.
The older Ghanie they then returned to the scene on Friday to conduct a second search with hopes of finding evidence that his brother was there. It was then that they stumbled a upon a hole situated next to a pile of ashes behind the man's home.
Becoming curious, the man's brother took a stick and began poking around the hole and made the shocking discovery of several burnt bones of all different sizes hidden beneath ashes. “Well we go back and search on Friday
and so we search bout ah hour then we see this hole next to pile ah ash. And me tek a stick and juk juk in the hole and find like about five pieces ah bone inside”.
The police were then summoned to the scene and upon further search discovered burnt pieces of clothing, a burnt phone cover, a hammock and discarded bottle of insulin among other pieces of bones.
According to Ghanie, his brother only worked for the suspect for four months and during that time, he was accused of stealing a sim card.
Mahendra Ghanie resided in Bloomfield with his mother, two sisters and one brother. Police are continuing the investigation.
March 31 Wirtualna Polska Holding SA (WP Holding):
* Its management decided to recommend an FY 2016 dividend of 1.1 zloty per share, 31.7 million zlotys ($8.04 million) in total
* Shareholders to vote on the proposal on April 26
* In Dec. the management said it would propose the annual dividend at a level of above 1 zloty [nRSD4DhY4p
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9445 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
An airline lobby group says Auckland Airport has banked excess profits of $3.6 billion over the past two decades.
In a submission to the Commerce Commission the group, Airlines for Australia and New Zealand, says more must be done to protect airport users from the market power exerted by monopoly airports.
Chairman Graeme Samuel said the group had been left in no doubt that Auckland International Airport is targeting excessive profits.
Historically, this has been demonstrable by observing returns to shareholders over the past 19 years.
Advertisement
According to A4ANZ estimates the value of excess returns to Auckland airport owners- which includes Auckland Council - may be upwards of $3.6 billion.
A4ANZ's submission references independent analysis from Frontier Economics, which confirms that earnings at New Zealand airports are excessive, with profit margins significantly higher – in some cases more than double – those of
other airports around the world operating in competitive markets or with greater regulation.
This was shown in a report released by A4ANZ last week.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission has also said Auckland Airport's profit may be too high.
Samuel said that based on both historic financial performance, and the recent decision of Auckland
Airport to target returns above the commission's estimate, his group did not believe that
Auckland Airport was appropriately constrained in its ability to extract excessive profits over the 2017 – 2022 pricing period.
Ealier this year, the commission said it was concerned the airport was planning to make $47 million more profits on its regulated assets than it should, and that customers would get overcharged.
Under a light-handed regulatory framework designed to curb price gouging in markets with little or no competition (like airports), Auckland Airport has to disclose its present and future profit expectations and the Commerce Commission periodically reviews them. Ironically, however, it can't force airports to change the amount of money they intend to make, or impose penalties.
In an initial finding, the commission said it was concerned about excessive profits. Auckland Airport is targeting a return on its regulated asset base of 7.06 per cent, against the commission's mid-point benchmark of 6.41 per cent.
Auckland Airport has yet to respond to the A4ANZ claims but after being criticised for its service standards earlier this week said it had been caught out by the rapid growth in tourism here.
''No one in the industry predicted this growth and, like in the rest of NZ, it has at times put pressure on both our and others' infrastructure whether it be getting to the airport, walking through terminal construction zones or getting through border processes,'' said the company's chief executive Adrian Littlewood.
'' While the airport system is made up of many different organisations responsible for different elements – for example, the airlines are responsible for baggage delivery, the border agencies for security and customs processing – we know that the core airport infrastructure system needs an upgrade and we are getting on with it.''
PHNOM PENH Cambodia launched a crackdown on bogus orphanages on Thursday, many of which are set up to attract donations from tourists, with the aim of returning about 3,500 children who were not orphans to their families, a government minister said.
About 17 percent of Cambodians live below a national poverty line and some families who are too poor to look after their children send them to orphanages in the hope they will be taken care of and given an education.
Many orphanages have opened over recent years, some unlicensed, unsafe and with few real orphans, raising concerns about neglect and abuse.
The boom has matched a surge in foreign tourists to the Southeast Asian country, one of the world's poorest.
Some social workers have appealed to tourists to stay away from orphanages saying that so-called orphanage tourism enables child exploitation.
"There are many abuses inside orphanages," Minister of Social Affairs, Veterans and Youth Rehabilitation Vong Sauth said in a speech at the launch of the plan.
A recent government survey found 16,579 orphans living in 406 orphanages across Cambodia, far more than expected, officials said, adding that 38 percent of the orphanages had never been inspected.
Vong Sauth said 80 percent of the 16,579 children in orphanages were not actual orphans and under the government plan, 3,500 of them would be returned to their families by next year.
Sar Bunthoeun, director of Cambodian Children's House of Peace, an orphanage in Siem Reap in northwest Cambodia, said he supported the government plan, adding that problems were common in orphanages, but he denied any abuses at his.
The U.N. children's agency UNICEF, which is working with the government to reunite children with their families, said poverty should not be a justification for the removal of a child from parental care.
"Children living in un-regulated and uninspected institutions are more at risk of neglect, as well as physical and sexual abuse and trafficking," said Debora Comini, UNICEF representative to Cambodia.
She urged tourists to be wary of appeals for donations from orphanages.
(Editing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre)
Auckland Council's controversial 11.5 cents a litre fuel tax has been approved by councillors at a budget meeting today.
Councillors voted 13-7 to approve the extra cost for motorists today.
Legislation allowing the tax is expected to be passed in Parliament to allow the tax to come into effect on July 1.
Auckland drivers face paying 25c a litre more in the next three years as the Government also proposes boosting fuel taxes in 3c to 4c annual hikes.
Advertisement
READ MORE:
• Barry Soper: The hypocrisy of the Govt's petrol tax position
• Aucklanders to have said on regional petrol tax before knowing how it will be spent
• Ken Shirley: Fuel tax poorly thought out solution to transport costs
Motorists filling up with 91 unleaded this morning were able to get the best price of $2.03 a litre at the Gull Wiri self-service station in South Auckland, but more typically paid between $2.07 and $2.19 a litre, according to the Gaspy app.
A handful of service stations charged $2.20 or more a litre and the two Z stations near Auckland Airport posted the most expensive prices at $2.29 a litre.
Those wanting premium 95 unleaded had to dip a little deeper into their wallets, facing prices ranging from $2.14 to $2.41 a litre.
Mayor Phil Goff said the tax was critical to help pay for projects to improve transport after years and years of under investment.
"We cannot allow our city to gridlock and that is what we are heading toward," he said.
Goff said the tax would raise $1.5 billion over 10 years but Government subsidies and development contributions would increase that to $4.3b.
To raise that money through rates would require a 13 per cent to 14 per cent rise.
The regional fuel tax was the fastest, cheapest and best way to raise spending to tackle traffic congestion, said the mayor.
Without the extra money, Goff said, the city would grind to a halt.
Manurewa-Papakura councillor Daniel Newman, the only councillor to advocate for higher rates as the way forward, said the tax would lead to a redistribution of wealth from some of the poorest people to those who have the greatest wealth and choice.
"I don't think that is fair," he said.
Councillor Chris Darby said the tax would lead to significant benefits across the city, as well as social and economic benefits.
"This regional fuel tax allows us to shift gears in Auckland in a way we have not seen before: out of planning and into delivery," he said.
National MP Jami-Lee Ross said Aucklanders would not forgive Auckland Council and the Labour Government's decisions to impose fuel taxes.
"They certainly won't forget it every time it costs them more to fill up their cars."
Ross said consultation had identified that 51 per cent of Aucklanders opposed the regional fuel tax.
"This new tax is not needed. If Auckland Council simply followed through on Mayor Goff's promise to find between 3-6 per cent of savings in the council's budget they could easily find the money that the fuel tax would raise," he said.
"Instead, Auckland Council has been given the 'tax and spend' keys by Transport Minister Phil Twyford and hard-working New Zealanders will be paying the cost."
How councillors voted
For
Mayor Phil Goff
Deputy Mayor Bill Cashmore
Ross Clow
Josephine Bartley
Cathy Casey
Linda Cooper
Chris Darby
Alf Filipaina
Chris Fletcher
Richard Hills
Penny Hulse
Wayne Walker
John Watson
Against
Efeso Collins
Mike Lee
Daniel Newman
Greg Sayers
Desley Simson
Sharon Stewart
John Walker
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DETROIT - The father of two who charged at convicted sexual abuser Larry Nassar in court on Friday has spoken out about his action in the courtroom.
Randall Margraves apologized for his actions during a press conference Friday afternoon, saying he was embarrassed by his actions.
"I'm not advocating that everyone should do that, I feel very remorseful, very apologetic. I was embarrassed," Margraves said.
Margraves added that he's "no hero" and that the heroes are "Nassar's victims."
"I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that, when the day comes, that Larry Nassar has ended his days on this Earth, that he will be escorted to one of the deepest, darkest, hottest pits in Hell there is – for him and people like him," Margraves said in closing. "I hope there's a lot of pain attached to it, because he's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth."
Read Margraves full statement below:
This morning I got up with full intention to go to work. I was going to stop by the courthouse for support, I knew my daughters were going to make an impact statement, I did not know the content in the impact statement. We went to the podium, Sherry, their mother and myself, in support of the two daughters. When I had to hear what was said in those statements and I have to look over at Larry Nassar shaking his head, that's when I lost control.
I'm not advocating that everyone should do that, I feel very remorseful, very apologetic. I was embarrassed. I thank Judge Cunningham and all the court system for their leniency on me. This is to not be a lawless society, I know that, I lost control, but I regained control later – in a holding cell.
When my children were little, they were taught to respect and obey and trust authority. That means the police, and their parents, and their, teachers and their coaches, and their doctors. They were taught to respect and obey and trust adults, because adults would teach them the proper way to live their lives. And we see what happened there.
When the girls were little, Sherry and myself worked hard to provide extra opportunities for our children, and they found these opportunities on the athletic fields. They all participated in sports camps and traveling teams and they all played basketball, softball, volleyball and they ran track, cross-country and gymnastics. And then the injuries started showing up.
Almost immediately, this family's getting professional advice to see one of the top doctors in his field, Larry Nassar. And I should have felt privileged for getting the invoices, because, after all, he's taking care of Michigan State University athletes, as well as Olympians.
I allowed myself to take this advice, I fell for the Michigan State hype, I was blinded to the fancy degrees hanging on an office wall and I delivered, unintentionally, my three daughters to a demon, who had his own twisted and sick agenda for his own demented desires.
Now I have to live with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters. This is a strong family, we will get through it.
Sometimes the relationships between me and my daughters have been strained, stressed, distant. I was always trying to figure that out. I was always frustrated and puzzled. I always tried to work as hard as I could to be a good father and now I know what one of the reasons were, the main reason. The reason was Larry Nassar.
Now I have to worry that my daughters can ever trust another man for the rest of their life. The survivors and the victims are most important now, and my daughters are a part of that. If it wasn't for all the brave girls and women that have come forward before now, I don't know if my family could've came forward now, so I appreciate and thank all the victims and survivors for what they've done.
I do not doubt for a minute all the people who have come forward, there's was probably even more victims out there that have yet to come forward. And to them I say I wish you well and I hope you can find the inner strength to go down the path of recovery.
Like I said, the victims and survivors are the most important, but I represent the parents and the grandparents and the family members and the friends and the community members and the coaches and the teachers, all who have cared and taught and loved these kids, not just my kids, but all these kids, the right way. I thank all of those for their support.
I want to wrap this up. I will tell you that I believe in God almighty, I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that, when the day comes, that Larry Nassar has ended his days on this Earth, that he will be escorted to one of the deepest, darkest, hottest pits in Hell there is – for him and people like him. I hope there's a lot of pain attached to it, because he's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth.
BEIJING: China's industrial output, a key engine of growth, slowed sharply in July as government efforts to rein in debt weighed on demand and economic activity, official data showed Monday.
The figures come as the authorities have sought to tighten regulations to tame debt as well as reduce excess capacity left over from massive government-backed infrastructure spending at the height of the global financial crisis.
Output by Chinese factories and workshops grew by a lower-than-expected 6.4 percent compared to the same month last year, the national statistics bureau said.
Economists surveyed by Bloomberg News had expected growth of 7.1 percent for July after industrial production expanded by 7.6 percent in June.
Retail sales, meanwhile, slowed slightly to 10.4 percent last month, compared to 11 percent in June, while fixed asset investment posted 8.3 percent growth in the January-July period — both slightly below expectations.
“In general, the national economy was generally steady in July with continued positive momentum and deepening structural reform,” national statistics bureau spokesman Mao Shengyong said at a news conference.
“But we also see that the international circumstance is still complicated and fluid, domestic structural conflicts still stand out, and there are still a lot of hidden concerns.”
Mao said industrial production was affected by the weather — high temperatures and floods — and efforts in some regions to speed up the reduction of excess capacity that does not meet environmental rules.
Economic growth could slow by up to 0.2 percentage points in the second half of the year, Mao said.
While China has posted better-than-expected second quarter growth of 6.9 percent, economic analysts have warned that the momentum will not last as authorities clamp down on debt.
Property development investment eased between January and July, signalling that the government's tightening policies “have finally trickled down through the economy,” according to ANZ Research in Hong Kong.
Rebound expected
Julian Evans-Pritchard, China economist at Capital Economics, said Monday's figures provided “mixed signals” as growth in electricity and steel output accelerated while production of consumer goods and most other commodities slowed.
“The upshot is that both foreign and domestic demand appear to have softened at the start of (the third quarter),” Evans-Pritchard said.
“A few sectors, such as steel, seem to have defied this slowdown in economic activity. But the strength in these areas likely won't last given that policy tightening is set to further weigh on infrastructure and property investment in coming months,” he said.
But Betty Rui Wang, senior China economist at ANZ, said the slowdown is likely to be temporary as the bad weather was partly to blame for July's industrial output.
“We expect a rebound in the upcoming months,” she said.
China's economy faces another looming challenge as US President Donald Trump was due to sign on Monday a memorandum to launch an investigation into the Asian giant's intellectual property practices.
Trump will direct US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether any Chinese laws, policies or practices discriminate against or harm American innovators and technology companies, US officials said.
The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, bluntly accused China of “stealing our intellectual property” — long a concern of Western companies seeking a share of the enormous Chinese market.
China's state-run Global Times in an editorial warned the move could spark a “trade war” as the world's second largest economy would retaliate.
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
FILE PHOTO: Iraqi Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr speaks during a protest against corruption and informs his followers about his will at Tahrir Square in Baghdad, Iraq March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Marjani
BAGHDAD Iraq's influential Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr called on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to "take a historic heroic decision" and step down, to spare his country further bloodshed.
Sadr, who commands a large following among the urban poor of Baghdad and the southern cities, is the first Iraqi Shi'ite political leader to urge Assad to step down.
But his call was wrapped in kind words about the Syrian president and condemnation of the U.S. strikes carried out on a Syrian airbase on Friday, in retaliation for a chemical attack on civilians in a rebel-held area of Syria.
Sadr said the U.S. strikes would "drag the region to war" and could help "the expansion of Daesh," the militant Islamic State group, which controls parts of Iraq and Syria.
Iraq's Shi'ite-led governments have maintained good relations with the Syrian government throughout the six-year Syrian civil war. Sadr is the only Iraqi Shi'ite leader to keep some distance from Iran, a main backer of Assad along with Russia.
"I think it would be fair for President Bashar al-Assad to offer his resignation and step down in love for Syria, to spare it the woes of war and terrorism ...and take a historic, heroic decision before it is too late," Sadr said in a statement.
The Shi'ite-led Iraqi government issued a statement on Friday that reflected the difficult balancing act it maintains between its alliance with the United States and with Shi'ite Iran. It condemned the chemical attack, without naming Assad, calling instead for an international investigation to identify the perpetrator.
The statement also criticized "the hasty interventions" that followed the chemical attack, in an apparent reference to the U.S. strikes.
A U.S.-led coalition has been providing air and ground support to Iraqi forces battling Islamic State, allowing them to recapture most of the cities they had overrun in 2014 in Sunni areas of northern and western Iraq.
(Reporting by Maher Chmaytelli, editing by Larry King)
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 up 0.1 pct
* Brexit negotiation details awaited
* Energy stocks support as crude ticks up
* Ashtead a top gainer after Liberum 'buy'
* LSE rises as analysts digest merger ban
By Helen Reid
LONDON, March 30 British shares inched up on Thursday with energy stocks leading timid gains, trading without strong direction with ex-divs weighing.
The FTSE 100 gained 0.1 percent as the market awaited further details of negotiating positions of Britain and the European Union after they formally embarked on complex talks towards Brexit on Wednesday.
Britain was to set out its plan for converting EU laws into domestic law in a White Paper later in the day, and EU Council President Donald Tusk was set to send out negotiating guidelines to the 27 member states by Friday.
Investors called for a renewed focus on fundamentals ahead of a long divorce process, after markets had a muted reaction to the formal Brexit trigger.
"We have got a minimum of two years, and realistically much longer, to figure out how it all falls into place," said Ian Williams, economics and strategy analyst at Peel Hunt.
"We are in completely uncharted territory, many things can change. So from an equity standpoint all you can do is take a step back and look at your companies, and at the macro picture."
Energy stocks were the biggest contributors to gains on the day, as global crude prices ticked up with supply disruptions in Libya lifting the market.
SSE, however, was a top faller after the British energy supplier said dividend cover for its 2017/18 financial year would be at the lower end of guidance.
The London Stock Exchange, fresh from disappointment over a planned merger with Deutsche Boerse scuppered by the EU antitrust regulator, was up 1.4 percent, a top gainer.
"While a takeover of LSEG is not central to our positive thesis, we acknowledge that industry consolidation and the takeover potential should provide valuation support and is helpful to our positive thesis," RBC said, resuming coverage of the stock with an 'outperform' rating.
Ashtead was the top FTSE gainer, up 3.6 percent. Liberum initiated coverage of the construction equipment rental company with a 'buy', saying rental penetration in the U.S. market would drive growth for its North American segment, which contributes 86 percent of revenue.
"The upside potential from increased rental penetration in the U.S. market is yet to be fully reflected in Ashtead's share price, in our view," Liberum analysts said.
Old Mutual , Schroders, Smith & Nephew , and Prudential all fell 1.4 to 1.7 percent as they went ex-dividend.
Among mid-caps, Petra Diamonds was the top gainer, up 6.5 percent after it refinanced its debt.
Small-cap Carr's Group dropped 17 percent, set for its worst losses in 16 years after the agriculture and engineering firm cut its expectations for full-year performance. (Reporting by Helen Reid; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Contact
Brigade Seven Gardens
***@gmail.com Brigade Seven Gardens
End
-- The city of Bangalore is a place that is filled with creativity, knowledge and is slowly turning into a concrete jungle. With constant development throughout the city and all that life has to offer, Bangalore is one of the most loved cities in the country today. The real estate industry is also booming today in this amazing city.is one of the latest residential projects by Brigade Group that offers a good balance of modern-day luxuries and the freshness of Mother Nature. Extended over 8 acres of land, this development contains 7 extravagant towersthat offer 2BHK and 3BHK apartments of different configurations. The apartment area sizes start at 1160 sq. ft. and go up to 1420 sq. ft.is a fabulous residential development that offers supreme luxury and comfort with a beautiful touch of nature. The apartments are beautifully spaced-out and provide good ventilation, natural lighting, vitrified flooring, wooden laminated flooring in the master bedroom, modular kitchens with glazed tiles, aluminium framed windows providing landscape views, decorative doors, luxury furnishings and fittings, telecom facility, etc. The external amenities at this development are truly mesmerising and top-notch. They start off with 7 conceptualized luscious landscape gardens that are beautiful and distinct, a huge clubhouse of 13,000 sq. ft., gym, swimming pool, jogging track, different sports facilities and a play-area for kids, meditation centre, multipurpose hall, extensive car parking facility, wide open space, power back-up and fast elevators. This development also takes-up organic waste conservation and rain water harvesting.Located at Banashankari, Bangalore, this splendid development does come in close proximity to plenty of everyday and emergency places like schools, hospitals, medical centres, malls, cinemas, restaurants, cafes, supermarkets, shopping centres, banks, ATMs, public transport and more.Starting at a price of Rs.52.08 lakh and moving up to Rs.63.75 lakh, theis affordable and definitely a shocker for many. Without a doubt, the high-end luxury, comfort and style that this development has to offer is totally worth one's savings for a luxury apartment. There are multiple payment options to choose from, along with NRI services, home loan facilities and more.Contact Details:Brigade Seven GardensMob.No: (+91) 9953 5928 48Website: http://www.brigade7gardens.in/
It's a useful solution to every business within each industry. "It's a useful resource for businesses looking to improve their local search result and build trust among their local customers," said Subhasish K
Contact
Submitcube
Subhasish K
info@submitcube.com
09875676497 SubmitcubeSubhasish K09875676497
End
-- Submitcube, founded in 2001 and owned by Mr. Subhasish K, introduces their new local SEO services for the small and medium companies. This local SEO service allows business to improve their local search positions and distribute their business details to the top local business listing sites on the web. Submitcube uses industry the best process to manually build local business listings or local citations and increase business's visibility.Marketing a business, whether it's the small operation or an international corporation, means understand how to stay up-to-date with the latest technology and strategies. One of the most important factors of online marketing knows, understanding and utilizing SEO. SEO stands for Search Engine Optimization and is the practice that can bring either total success or total failure of business online.Local SEO focuses on creating a complete business profile on the various local business listing sites and local SEO citations with the business name, address, and Phone number. These mentions could include in PR, Blogs, business listings, Customer Reviews, and NAP."We at Submitcube have carved a niche for ourselves in the arena of web marketing and promotion within a short time. We have a solid reputation among clients all over the world as a top-notch web solutions provider", said Subhasish K.Submitcube fsbdt Local SEO service is the new concept in Local SEO optimization for any business. "We assured 1st-page rankings on every major search engines under the most important keywords." Submitcube always monitors and track the progress of Local SEO campaigns. Subhasish stated.Local SEO is essential for every business to get the maximum visibility in front of the local customers when they look for a particular service or product online. Submitcube provides the local SEO services with an effective strategy and advanced techniques and monitors all campaign. They provide detailed reports to track their progress on search engines. Submitcube's new Local SEO services offer local and national campaigns with quick results and promote business with social media marketing."We at Submitcube consider each one of our projects as a challenge and strives to execute each project with full diligence and commitment. We aim to provide top-quality web solutions keeping in mind your financial restraints."According to Mr. Subhasish K. "We consider each project to be your top priority. The size of your project or your company really won't affect our perseverance and effort. We treat each of our clients with equal care. Our state of the art techniques and innovative ideas would ensure that your project executed with minimum hassle."Submitcube's Local SEO Services is favorable for small and medium business looking to target customers within a particular location. This service specially designed for small and medium business looking to bring visibility, trust, and awareness to customers in their local area. For more information on local SEO services visit - https://www.submitcube.com/ local-seo-citations.html About SubmitcubeSubmitcube - a digital marketing agency in Kolkata created by Mr. Subhasish K in 2001. He realized the enormous possibilities of increasing business opportunities with the aid of digital marketing and he had taken the particular effort to inspire the owners of varied SME (medium and small enterprises)owners to consider growing their business around the world and educated all of them regarding the true advantageous facts of internet marketing. He has assisted countless such clients to spread out the lock of fortune through the exact implementation of result driven and reputable online marketing techniques at the real time. That is why; today his business is one of the most reliable brand marketing names amongst various kinds of SME communities. Today, he adopts utmost satisfaction in providing his knowledge to his associates and guides all of them thoroughly throughout the crucial moments.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
This is in spite of the fact that, former President John Mahama inaugurated the project on October 30, 2016.
Contractors working on the $250,000 Greater Accra Regional Hospital are yet to hand over the facility.
The situation has made authorities at the facility raise eyebrows over the seeming delay, but officials at the Ministry of Health (MoH), say its experts were still verifying the equipment and facilities in the refurbished hospital.
According to the Public Relations Officer of the MoH, Mr Tony Goodman, explained that the inspection is to ensure that, work by the contractors was executed to specification.
He also indicated that, the date for the handing over of the facility to the MoH is March, 2017.
Defects
The Medical Director of the facility, Dr Thomas Winsoum Anabah, told the ''Daily Graphic" in an interview that, some of the equipment installed did not come with spare parts, especially those that would require frequent replacement. There are also no service manuals for some of the equipment.
He said during the inauguration last year, two timers could not be located in the parasitology and immunology laboratories.
Other issues of concern are about the colour of work benches at the laboratory. The black colour could make it difficult to detect and identify spillage easily.
There are also uninstalled gas connections for the bunsen burners.
Dr Anabah further mentioned the lack of instruments for the various specialist units such as General Surgery, Neurosurgery, Paediatric Surgery, Urology, Thoracic, Trauma and Orthopaedics units.
He said the Radiology Unit had requested that the PASCH computer, which was in grey scale, be replaced with a coloured one since having one grey scale would not be beneficial to their work.
There are also lack of urine bottles, oxygen cylinder for emergency beds, difficulty in the manual handling of some beds and table over beds which the director said were not properly assembled.
There have also been concerns over blood/fluid warmers using cassettes because a non-availability of the cassettes would render the warmers useless.
The CO2 cylinder installed for the Endoscopy Tower at the Urology Unit was too small and needed backups.
"During an inspection of the facility by former President John Mahama prior to its inauguration, we requested that the whole building should be networked to do away with the old-fashioned folder system to provide effective services, but only portions of the building have UPS,” Dr. Anaba added.
He said the staff accommodation, kitchen and mortuary have also not been completed. "There are certain facilities they have to install in these buildings, but the contractors are asking us to install them ourselves," he stated.
MoH
However, Mr Goodman stated that, the MoH had not signed any takeover notes with the Hospital for it to manage the facility.
He said the former President, Mr John Dramani Mahama, only did a ceremonial inauguration of the project to allow for technical experts from the MoH and the contractors to work together to correct any defect on the project.
The officer said it was only after the defects had been corrected that the project could be technically handed over for use.
Mr Goodman said the contractors were still at site and were working with other service providers to validate the building, as well as equipment.
He explained that as part of the project, some staff members were still on training in the United States of America and France.
The officer therefore assured that, the hospital would be put to use as soon as all the technical details had been completed.
He therefore asked that, concerns about the project should be directed to the MoH Capital Investment Unit for redress.
The Just Us! Coffee Roasters Co-op, located in Grand-Pré, has an eye-catching sign along the highway. It reads "CANADA 150" and "MI KMAKI 13000."
Nova Scotia (and much of the rest of Atlantic Canada) is on the traditional territory of the Mi'kmaq people. The land itself is known as Mi'kma'ki, and Mi'kmaq people have lived in the area for 13,000 years.
Jesus Christ is being removed from a South Carolina church.
A statue of Jesus Christ and accompanying artwork that has been displayed at Red Bank Baptist Church for more than a decade will be taken down by Thursday, according to church officials.
The art will be removed because a majority of the congregation voted that the 7-foot-tall statue and sculpted reliefs were "causing some confusion."
According to the church, many people think the sculptures are Catholic and not representative of a Baptist church.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We have discovered that there are people that view the art as Catholic in nature. We understand that this is not a Catholic icon, however, people perceive it in these terms," said a letter that was signed by Dr. Jeff Wright, Red Bank's senior pastor, and Mike Dennis, the church's Chairman of Deacons.
The letter was sent to Bert Baker Jr., the Midlands artist who hand carved the statue for the church in 2007. Baker is a former member of the Red Bank Baptist Church congregation.
"I'm not interested in stirring the pot, but people not liking it because it looked too Catholic is crazy, man. It's been up there for 11 years," Baker told The State on Tuesday. "I don't agree with the letter, it bothers me."
Both the church's letter and a two-page response from Baker were shared on Facebook by Rhonda Davis. Like Baker, Davis is unhappy with the church's decision to remove the art.
In her Facebook post, Baker called the art "a wordless story of Christ's life, death and resurrection." She said its removal is sad and regretful because it "insults and prejudices" another denomination, which she described as "totally unbecoming of anyone who calls themselves a representative of Christ."
"It is both disturbing and sad that in a time when we are all needing to come together as brothers and sisters in Christ to project and reflect His love to a lost and dying world, Red Bank has decided to single out another denomination as the reason behind the decision to avoid any real or imagined fear that they would somehow be associated with them," Davis wrote in her Facebook post.
In his letter, Baker echoed those sentiments.
"These sculptures have been gracing the front of RBBC for 11 years and at no time then or now has anyone ever been 'confused' as to who Red Bank Baptist is nor has anyone ever suggested that they are 'Catholic' in nature," Baker wrote. "I am stunned that your letter both insults the intelligence of the Red Bank Community (as not intelligent enough to know that Red Bank Baptist Church is a Baptist church despite having a large sign stating as much); and, more disturbing, singling out the Catholic church in such a manner as to suggest that their denomination is deficient in theology and lacking in Christian core values."
In the church's letter, it offered Baker the opportunity to remove the sculptures if he desired to keep them, adding: "The art needs to be removed by May 31, 2018."
Baker said he hopes the statue and artwork are not destroyed — but instead given to another church or sold, with money raised to support missionary work.
"I was commissioned to make the sculpture, and whatever they choose to do with it is their prerogative," Baker told The State. "I just didn't want it destroyed. I don't want to take it down personally, but I hope they find another place for it."
Baker said he knows there are other churches that have reached out about acquiring the art, but he has not heard from the church beyond the original letter.
Messages left with the church were not answered.
SINGAPORE/BEIJING, March 30 China's Zhenhua Oil is setting up an oil trading office in Singapore that will start operating in April, three sources at the company said on Thursday.
"The new trading office is to serve the company's expanding business requirement and Singapore is a good platform for that," said a senior Zhenhua official said. Both he and the two other sources, all with direct knowledge of the matter, declined to be identified due to company policy.
The office will be headed by Han Xiaolong, who will move from Hong Kong where he was a deputy general manager, one of the sources said.
Zhang Jing, Zhenhua's head of operations in Beijing, will also relocate to Singapore, a key regional oil hub, said another source.
The office will also be used to obtain financing for the firm in Singapore.
Set up in 2003, Zhenhua, a unit of state military group China North Industries Group Corp (NORINCO), operates 11 oil and gas exploration and production projects in Egypt, Myanmar, Kazakhstan and Iraq, according to its website.
The company recently signed a preliminary deal with Chevron to buy the U.S. oil major's natural gas fields in Bangladesh worth about $2 billion.
Zhenhua also supplies crude from Venezuela, the Middle East and Russian to another NORINCO subsidiary North Huajin Chemical Industries Group Corp that operates a refinery.
(Reporting by Florence Tan in SINGAPORE and Chen Aizhu in BEIJING; Editing by Joseph Radford)
The van driver who allegedly mowed down 10 people in...
The Toronto man accused of driving a rented van through a crowded sidewalk, killing 10 and injuring several others, has been charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder, according to reports.
Alek Minassian showed little emotion as he arrived in Toronto court wearing a white jumpsuit and with his hands cuffed behind his back, the Toronto Star reported.
He was charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder for allegedly plowing into pedestrians Monday afternoon.
Asked whether he understood that he is to have no contact with the victims, Minassian answered, “Yes.”
Minassian, 25, was represented by a lawyer with Legal Aid Ontario for the brief hearing. He was held without bail pending a hearing May 10, when he'll appear in court by video.
Authorities said the act appeared to be “deliberate.”
Dai-ichi Life Holdings Inc's incoming president Seiji Inagaki poses for a photo at the company's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan March 13, 2017. Picture taken March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Dai-ichi Life Holdings Inc's incoming president Seiji Inagaki attends an interview with Reuters at the company's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan March 13, 2017. Picture taken March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Dai-ichi Life Holdings Inc's incoming president Seiji Inagaki poses for a photo in the MacArthur memorial room at the company's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan March 13, 2017. Picture taken March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japan's Dai-ichi Life Holdings Inc (8750.T) plans to start a life insurance business in Cambodia in 2018 and expand its U.S. presence, its president said, in line with the firm's strategy to boost overseas growth as investment returns diminish at home.
Life insurers in Japan have been hit by lower returns with massive stimulus measures, aimed at spurring inflation, driving down yields on Japanese government bonds. While several insurers have effectively stopped buying JGBs, Dai-ichi - the country's No.2 private-sector insurer - has turned to foreign markets over the past few years to prop up its business.
Dai-ichi, which currently has 50 trillion yen ($449 billion) in assets, acquired a 40 percent stake in Indonesia's PT Panin Life for about $248 million in 2013. It bought Protective Life Corp of the United States for $5.6 billion in 2015.
In the Mekong region, it runs life insurance businesses in Thailand and Vietnam. It opened a representative office in Cambodia in July last year and Myanmar last month.
"We see the Mekong region as the next emerging market, where we can utilize know-how acquired in Asia," Seiji Inagaki, who became president of Dai-ichi this month, told Reuters.
Dai-ichi will start the life insurance business in Cambodia either on its own or through a joint venture, he added.
Inagaki said the company was also looking for acquisition opportunities in the United States - the world's largest life insurance market - through Protective Life, targeting businesses and insurance contracts from rivals.
The insurer is not keenly looking for deals in Europe and other regions, including Turkey, he said, contrary to what some market sources were expecting.
"Our priority is the United States and the Mekong region. So the timing will be a little bit away" for Europe and other regions, Inagaki said.
Inagaki, 53, joined Dai-ichi in 1986. He was the head of the team managing the company's initial public offering in 2010. Dai-ichi is the only listed company among the country's four biggest life insurers.
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Someone lost a very special sterling silver ring in the sand more than a decade ago and Tony Hewitson has found it.
The 65-year-old Tauranga man's metal detector beeped long and loud when it hovered over a sterling silver ring with gemstones inset at the southern end of Memorial Park last week.
The ring has "Love Jan" and the numbers 1970 or 76 inscribed on it.
"I can't quite read if it is a six or a zero," said Hewitson, who wants to reunite the ring with its owner.
Advertisement
Hewitson usually pockets the goods he detects - but this time he didn't feel right keeping it.
"It has got someone's name on it. It is the first thing that I have seen that has a name on it."
Going by the date inscribed on the ring, Hewitson guessed the owner could still be alive.
"I thought 1970 or 1976 was about 40-odd years ago, so whoever had it was probably 20 so we are looking at someone who is over 60," he said.
"It could have been in the ground for about 10 to 15 years."
Hewitson said most things he detects are rusted and old, so he brings them home to wash so he can reveal the true value of his treasure.
"It [the ring] didn't look like much, but I put it in my pocket to wash it when I got home. You don't know what you have most of the time.
"You haven't got time to stand around and wash things when there is detecting to be done."
Hewitson said he had found a 1937 half-crown coin and a 1917 penny "that you could barely make out" in the same spot just a few days ago.
He often visited beaches in search of buried treasure.
"I am a novice detectorist, if you like," Hewitson joked. "It is very addictive."
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 First Data Corp:
* First Data And Flywire sign strategic agreement for international payments
* First Data Corp - collaboration will streamline cross-border transactions in education, healthcare, and business-to-business segments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Undefeated Elmira-Horseheads matched up against one-win Johnson City on the ice, with the Express scoring late to come away with a win in overtime, 6-5.
Union-Endicott Tigers fought hard against Maine-Endwell Spartans, but it was M-E that came out firing after remaining tied in the first period, winning 7-1.
It came down to a shoot out between number one ranked Express and the Wildcats. Although JC's goalie, Rebecca Reynolds had nearly 30 saves in the game, she was unable to stop Nathaniel Gee from converting the only goal in the overtime shootout. Elmira-Horseheads remains unbeaten in the season.
According to Express' center, Nathan Cook, the key factor to remaining without a loss against opponents comes down to team chemistry. "On the ice and off the ice...we've gotten to know each other and we've gotten very confident in each other. We're a real team."
Elmira-Horseheads' next game is scheduled for December 16 at 7:00 p.m., located at the SUNY Broome Ice Center.
For a full list of scheduled games and team standings visit the Broome County High School Hockey Association's website.
US president Barack Obama will deliver a farewell address on January 10th to reflect on his time in office and say thank you to his supporters, he said in an email statement released on Monday. Mr Obama, noting that the first president of the United States, George Washington, had penned a farewell address in 1796, said he would deliver his speech in his hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about [the remarks] as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” he said. Republican Donald Trump will be sworn into office on January 20th. During his campaign for the White House, Mr Trump pledged to undo many of Mr Obama's signature policy measures, including his healthcare law.
Transition of power
Mr Obama, who campaigned hard for Mr Trump's Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton, has sought to ensure a smooth transition of power despite major policy differences with his successor. He also leaves his party without a clear figurehead as he leaves the White House. “Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger,” Mr Obama said in the email, likely foreshadowing a theme for his speech.
“That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding – our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better.” – (Reuters)
Behind the unflappably calm façade of Beauden Barrett burns a fierce desire to re-impose himself as the world's best player during the Rugby Championship.
He's not one to offer much, if any insight into his emotions. He's a straight bat sort of guy when he talks about the game - calm, relaxed, positive, respectful and never verbose to the extent there is never going to be any headlines based on what he says.
Which is deliberate because Barrett, who in no way craves the limelight, would rather that if he has to be in it, then it should be for what he does on the field.
And it would be apparent, despite Barrett's usual, easy-going exchange with the rugby media today that lying beneath the surface is an intensity to deliver a commanding performance in the opening Bledisloe Cup clash.
Advertisement
The dominant wow performance that he delivered almost every test last year, didn't materialise in the recent series against the British & Irish Lions.
The visitors shut down him down with their rush defence. The Lions got in his space, reduced his time on the ball and collectively the All Blacks didn't have either the skill execution of strategy to play their way out of trouble.
Barrett, therefore, was never able to stamp his authority on proceedings and the All Blacks, without their tactical director on the bridge as prominently as they would have liked, struggled to be in the right places and do the right things.
There was considerable disappointment within the All Blacks that they didn't find solutions to their problems during the series and Barrett unquestionably feels much of the responsibility for that failing.
"We were perhaps tested in areas where we haven't been before so that's exactly what we wanted," he said. "We ask those hard questions of ourselves and of our teammates and it gets the best out of the team. It is just what we needed.
"Some teams in Super Rugby adopt that style of defence too and we do understand that it puts the person with the ball under a bit more pressure, but there are opportunities elsewhere so if the Wallabies do bring that on Saturday we have learned ways to deal with that."
He says that with an intensity that gives away how much he wants to use the opening Bledisloe Cup clash to prove what he has taken on board. It's one thing to be talking about what has been learned, but it is emphatic and considerably more compelling to actually prove it with a definitive and commanding performance.
He feels much the same way about his goal-kicking, which was immaculate in the first test against the Lions and then patchy in the second and third. He can't go back in time to land those missed goals, but he can answer his critics in six days by improving his accuracy.
"There can only be one kicker mate and he's not here," Barrett said when asked whether the absence of younger brother Jordie puts added pressure on him.
"I have been goal kicking since I was six years old so I have always been analysing my technique and it is no different to any other skill set. I am excited about working hard on various areas of my game and excited by this weekend."
What's also driving Barrett's excitement is the opportunity to drive a big statement performance against the Wallabies.
However much Australian rugby may have its troubles at the moment, no one in the All Blacks is silly enough to believe they will face anything other than a highly motivated, well-drilled Wallabies team on Saturday.
An no one within the All Blacks has lost any of their enthusiasm for the rivalry. Barrett confirmed that he still can't shake the memory of John Eales landing that last-minute penalty in 2000 and that behind the World Cup, the Bledisloe is the trophy the All Blacks covet the most.
Demonstrators hold signs during a protest against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act outside the Capitol Building in Washington, U.S., March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO To stop President Donald Trump from undermining Obamacare, Democratic Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey is considering an approach that has worked against the administration on immigration: using Trump's own words against him.
Trump said he would let the Affordable Care Act "explode" after Republicans failed last month to pass their own repeal bill in Congress, and told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that he may withhold billions of dollars of payments to insurers to force Democrats to negotiate on healthcare.
Public statements like that led to judges blocking Trump's proposed travel bans earlier this year, and could prove to be one line of attack in legal attempts to protect the healthcare bill, according to a handful of liberal U.S. lawyers and state attorneys general. They said they are waiting to see what action the administration ultimately takes on the healthcare law before they will officially respond.
Democratic attorneys general took a lead role to successfully block Trump's executive orders restricting travel from some Muslim-majority countries, and are also resisting efforts to roll back environmental regulations.
Now, the threat of potential litigation over the healthcare law from states, which takes a page from the Republicans' playbook during the Obama administration, is complicating the Trump administration's efforts to formulate its own approach on health policy outside congressional legislation, according to two conservative lobbyists briefed on internal discussions.
The White House maintains that the healthcare law is "already collapsing on its own, and will continue to go in the wrong direction as more Americans face skyrocketing premiums, higher deductibles, and less choice," an administration spokesman told Reuters. "President Trump and his administration are committed to working with Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare."
Noting that several federal judges cited Trump's comments on Muslims to support the idea that his executive orders unconstitutionally targeted a religious group, Massachusetts AG Healey said Trump is legally bound to enforce the ACA. But his words make it clear he is willing to sabotage it, in her view.
"He is intent on setting the dynamite and blowing this up," Healey told Reuters.
She said it is too early to speculate about specific legal action but said Trump's remarks about the law "suggest he is out there not just hoping that it fails but working to see it fail."
In addition to Healey, Democratic attorneys general for California, Connecticut and the District of Columbia told Reuters they are closely monitoring the administration for any signs it is undermining the ACA.
The California attorney general's office recently hired a health policy expert, Melanie Fontes Rainer, who worked for Democrats in the U.S. Senate. California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said in a statement his office is "leaning forward when it comes to protecting our people's right to affordable, quality health care."
Four private lawyers in Washington D.C. said they have discussed possible challenges among themselves and potential clients who have benefited from the law. One such legal challenge being discussed is suing the Trump administration for failing to abide by the "take care clause," which requires that the president faithfully execute laws enacted by Congress, according to Deepak Gupta, a Washington lawyer who often works on public interest cases.
"That the president is operating in good faith … is pretty critical to how the law works. That good faith is legitimately in question," he said.
Texas and other states that challenged Obama's executive action seeking to prevent immigrants from being deported cited the take care clause in their lawsuit, claiming he was failing to enforce immigration law.
'A PLAYBOOK THAT REPUBLICANS WROTE'
Obamacare, former President Barack Obama's signature legislative achievement, enabled 20 million Americans to gain health insurance.
The new administration could effectively cripple Obamacare with a pending Republican lawsuit over cost-sharing subsidies that was appealed by the Obama administration and put on hold when Trump took office.
Trump said he may withhold the payments, which help cover out-of-pocket medical costs for low-income people, that Republicans argue must be appropriated by Congress. Proponents of Obamacare say that not funding the subsidies, which amount to about $7 billion a year, would torpedo the law because it would cause insurers to flee the individual market and could leave millions of people without a place to purchase insurance.
But the administration must weigh whether to fund the subsidies at the risk of being viewed as helping the law succeed, or be blamed - and possibly sued by attorneys general - for the law's demise, according to the lobbyists, who have been briefed on internal discussions.
"There's a concern that liberal attorneys general would file suits," one lobbyist said. "This is a playbook that Republicans wrote during the Obama administration."
In some respects, the Trump administration has already taken steps to erode parts of the law.
It said it will not enforce the individual mandate, the requirement that everyone has health insurance or pay a penalty, which experts say is needed to keep healthy people in the markets and offset more expensive patients.
Dave Jones, the California state insurance commissioner, wrote a letter to Trump earlier last month requesting that the administration "stop taking administrative actions which undermine the Affordable Care Act and destabilize health insurance markets across the country."
Jones is also running for attorney general in California, a heavily Democratic state where fighting the Trump administration is a key political asset.
If the administration does not enforce the law, "we will certainly look at all our legal options and remedies that might be available," he said.
(Editing by Edward Tobin)
Esteban Gutierrez admits a personal mistake meant he had to look outside of F1 for 2017 to continue his racing career.
After a year out to be Ferrari's reserve driver, the 25-year-old Mexican made his return to the grid in 2016 with the new American team Haas.
But Gutierrez is now looking to establish a career in Formula E, after being replaced for 2017 by Kevin Magnussen.
"I really don't blame them - I don't blame anybody - because I was the one to be too confident," he told CNN.
Gutierrez admits to taking his eye off the ball when it came to securing his Haas seat for 2017, because he assumed he would get a second year at the new team.
"That was originally the plan," he said. "I was too confident of it and that was my mistake, to be too confident that things were taken care of.
"I was focusing on the results and being confident that the project was going to continue forward in the way it was initially spoken of or planned. In the end I realised the commitment from the other side wasn't there and by the time I realised, the timing wasn't great."
Now, he is hoping to launch a career in Formula E but for now only has a deal for his home race in Mexico.
CNN said Gutierrez confirmed rumours that he is looking for a F1 reserve driver role for 2017 as well.
"I never close doors," he insisted. "Never, never. I really love formula one. It was four very tough years, but I learned a lot.
"I don't see myself as unlucky," said the recently-married Mexican. "Formula E is a fresh start, a new opportunity and I've found the love of my life."
NEW YORK May 3 US vitamin and supplement retailer GNC Holdings is expected to offer concessions after a proposal to amend and extend a US$1.2bn covenant-lite loan ran into opposition from lenders concerned that the deal failed to offer adequate compensation for the rising risks of lending to ‘brick-and-mortar' retailers.
GNC Holdings originally asked lenders to extend the maturity on its existing term loan B by three years to 2022, in return for a coupon of 450bp and a 1% Libor floor with a 100bp consent fee in the form of an Original Issue Discount (OID) of 99. The loan currently pays a coupon of 250bp and a 75bp Libor floor.
The extension request came at an inopportune time. Investors have rebuffed a number of opportunistic transactions in recent weeks after margins have tumbled in an aggressive repricing round, and they are distancing themselves from the retail sector, which is facing stiff competition from online retailers.
Several lenders are still viewing this as insufficient and loan agent JP Morgan is considering further concessions before Thursday's commitment deadline. These include increasing the coupon to around 650bp over Libor with a 1% floor, upping the amendment fee nearer to 200bp and adding a leverage covenant, two sources said.
“At LIB+ 450bp, the deal is dead in the water,” a source said.
Those terms would come close to bridging the gap between the original offer and demands by lenders in return for agreeing to the extension. The loan documents also will likely be altered to include springing maturity tied to the borrower's US$287.5m 1.5% convertible notes due 2020, the first source said.
GNC has published a string of disappointing results. Last month, it reported a 3.8% year-over-year drop in 1Q17 sales on the back of a roughly 5% revenue decline in 2016, filings show. Operating income fell 43% in the quarter, after swinging to a US$173m operating loss in 2016 from a US$393m profit the previous year. Adjusted EBITDA clocked in at US$350m in 2016, down 27% from US$480m in 2015, the first source said.
"When you're a retailer that's falling out of bed, a proposal like this is patently offensive," the source said. "This is not a par credit. There's a lot of uncertainty in the business."
Before the amendment was launched, GNC's loan was quoted at 89-90.67, according to LPC data, but has since been bid up to a 91.83-93.5 market. Still, the discounted levels indicate that investors have not thrown their support behind a deal, the sources said.
Even if the company and lenders agree to new terms, extension restrictions for some funds, such as Collateralized Loan Obligation (CLO) funds, will prevent 100% lender consent. JP Morgan is shopping the loan to new lenders in anticipation of holdouts, and the bank is gaining momentum in building a book, sources added.
GNC is also considering transferring its Intellectual Property (IP) to a new subsidiary as a restricted payment in an effort to bait lenders into extending, sources added. In that scenario, consenting lenders would receive a guarantee from the entity holding the assets. The company has around US$300m of restricted payments capacity at its disposal, but that amount is less than the IP is likely worth, one of the sources noted. That means in order to carry out the dividend, GNC would need to petition lenders to increase the restricted payments basket through an amendment, which it stands a reasonable chance of obtaining since it would only require approval from a simple majority of holders, the source said.
Distressed apparel retailer J Crew also took advantage of the flexibility in its credit agreement last year to move its IP to an unrestricted subsidiary, using a guarantee as a carrot to initiate a bond exchange. The controversial maneuver spurred the threat of legal action from lenders, which claimed that the value of the assets exceeded restricted payments availability. The company preempted lenders with a lawsuit asserting the transfer was bona fide.
JPMorgan declined to comment. GNC did not respond to requests for comment. (Reporting by Andrew Berlin; Editing By Tessa Walsh)
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We have delved deep into our archives to bring you a collection of images of the mercurial French talent of Christophe Dugarry.
Despite only playing 30 games for Blues the former Bordeaux, Barcelona, AC Milan and Marseille striker became a cult hit at St Andrew's.
He had a run of five goals in five matches and helped the club secure Premiership status, Dugarry joined the club on a permanent deal but scored a single goal in 15 appearances. He left the club by mutual consent for family reasons.
Here is what former Birmingham Mail writer Colin Tattum had to say about the Frenchman.
"Those six months from January 2003 were outstanding. Dugarry lifted Blues' play when an instant return to the second-tier was likely, mesmerising the opposition as well as his team-mates.
"He soon became indifferent and bored and wasn't at Blues for long, but what an impact, what a player."
Enjoy the pictures!
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
Live updates: State of emergency, three houses destroyed as Port Hills fire rages
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Kremlin is not upset because of the fact that Russian President Vladimir Putin has not received the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Friday.
“No, we are not upset,” Peskov said, answering a corresponding question.
The Kremlin believes that the decision of the Norwegian Nobel Committee to award the Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons should be respected, Peskov said.
“I would not give any assessment to the decision of the Nobel Committee on awarding the Nobel Peace Prize. It needs to be simply stated that the committee's decision exists, and it should be respected,” Peskov told reporters.
According to him, Russia is a responsible member of the nuclear club.
“Our position is well known, it has been reiterated by president [Vladimir] Putin regarding the importance and the fact that there is no alternative to nuclear parity which is extremely important from the point of view of international security, international stability,” Peskov said, adding that Russia also supported non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
Earlier in the day, the committee awarded the prize to ICAN for its work to draw attention to the consequences of nuclear weapon use, as well as for its efforts to “achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons.” According to the Nobel Prize's official Twitter account there were 318 candidates for the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize, including 215 individuals and 103 organizations. Putin was reportedly one of the nominees.
© Sputnik/ Michael Klimentyev
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Russia
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Polygiene Ab:
* NEW CFO IN POLYGIENE AB (PUBL)
* KRISTIAN POPULIN HAS BEEN APPOINTED NEW CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (CFO) IN POLYGIENE AB
* KRISTIAN POPULIN WILL TAKE OFFICE ON FEBRUARY 5, 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
File photo: Rows of steam generators line a road at the Cenovus Energy Christina Lake Steam-Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) project 120 km (74 miles) south of Fort McMurray, Alberta, August 15, 2013. REUTERS/Todd Korol
TORONTO Cenovus Energy Inc's (CVE.TO) C$3 billion ($2.25 billion) equity offering to partly fund its planned C$17.7 billion acquisition of some of ConocoPhillips Co's (COP.N) Canadian assets has been fully subscribed, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
The sale of 187.5 million common shares at C$16 per share was fully allocated on Wednesday evening, soon after the deal was announced, the people said. The people declined to be named because the matter was not public.
The equity sale is expected to close next week.
Royal Bank of Canada (RY.TO) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), which are leading the share sale, did not immediately respond to requests for comment outside office hours on Friday. A Cenovus spokesman declined to comment.
Cenovus shares tumbled to their biggest one-day percentage drop in history on Thursday as investors wondered if the company had made the right move in reaching the cash and stock deal to buy ConocoPhillips' oil sands and natural gas assets. The stock was unchanged on Friday.
(Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Nia Williams in Calgary; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina regulators are discussing tests to measure how much of a little-studied industrial compound may have gotten into backyard garden vegetables near a plant that's been producing that and similar chemicals for decades, a state environmental official said Monday.
State agencies are discussing how to structure any test of vegetable gardens near The Chemours Co. plant near Fayetteville, state waste management director Michael Scott told a scientific advisory panel. The talks come after Dutch researchers recently reported finding GenX and some older, related chemicals in vegetables near one of the company's factories in the Netherlands.
The Dutch study released earlier this month concluded that the chemicals released into the air were found in about 40 percent of the food samples collected within about 2 ½ miles (4 kilometers) of the European factory. The report concluded that garden crops were safe to eat, but the national public health institute advised people living closest to the plant to limit how much they consumed.
GenX and related chemicals also have been made for years at the Fayetteville complex.
Advertisement
The inter-agency discussions in North Carolina haven't yet concluded whether to test nearby gardens or how any test would be conducted. The talks came in response to neighbors wanting answers about their potential health risks from plants, fish and venison, Scott said. Later steps could lead to further testing of commercial agricultural production.
"Our focus has been on the home gardens, at least initially," Scott told the board, which is studying ways to protect public health from new and emerging chemicals, including GenX and hexavalent chromium.
Tests on fish collected from waterways near both the North Carolina and Dutch Chemours plants should be available within a couple of months, he said.
GenX has been used since 2009. It replaced perfluorooctanoic acid or PFOA — a chemical that was shown to stay in the body longer and which was blamed for increased cancer risks. Both compounds were used in making non-stick Teflon and other materials.
Studies point to GenX and related chemicals as having toxic effects in animals, but its effects in humans aren't known. There are no federal health standards for GenX and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency classifies it as an "emerging contaminant" to be studied.
Spokesmen for Wilmington, Delaware-based Chemours did not respond to a request to comment.
Michael Watters said he's quit eating any of the wide variety of fruits and vegetables he grows on his five-acre lot about a mile (.6 kilometers) from the Chemours plant. Tests of his well water found GenX and more than a dozen other chemicals, and something he can't explain has forced him to replace spouts on his shower and bathtub twice in nine months, he said.
"Something's really gone weird in the water," he said.
Lack of information about GenX, its prevalence and health effects has disturbed people across eastern North Carolina. The chemical was detected in the treated drinking water for about 200,000 people in Wilmington, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) downstream from the plant along the Cape Fear River.
___
Follow Emery P. Dalesio at http://twitter.com/emerydalesio. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/emery-p-dalesio
Lawyers for former sports coach Bill Kenneally, who is accused of sexually or indecently assaulting three boys in the 1980s, may apply to have his trial moved out of Waterford, a court has heard.
Kenneally (67) formerly of Summerville Avenue, Waterford city, is charged with 99 counts of sexual and indecent assault alleged to have occurred in Waterford city in the 1980s.
The complainants in the case are now aged in their 40s.
The former basketball coach was sent forward for trial to the circuit court when he appeared in the district court in March and a book of evidence was served on him.
He was in Waterford Circuit Court on Wednesday, wearing dark trousers, a white shirt, a grey cardigan and navy tie, but was not called upon to speak.
His solicitor, Matthew Ryan, said he had spoken with Noel Whelan BL, for the State, and as this was “a recent return,” for trial, “perhaps it could be put into the next sessions”.
Mr Ryan added that they should be able to “progress it at the next stage” and asked for liberty to re-enter the case in the current sessions as there may be a motion.
Mr Whelan said there may be an motion to transfer the case out of Waterford.
Judge Eugene O'Kelly said that, if that was to happen, it would have to be brought before the current court sessions.
He adjourned the case until October 9th, with liberty to re-enter before that.
Legal aid was granted by Judge Kevin Staunton at the district court earlier this year after hearing that the charges against Kenneally were “serious matters”.
Kenneall, an accountant by profession, was involved in basketball coaching in Waterford for several years. He was also involved in local politics with Fianna Fáil, acting as a tallyman with the party at a number of election counts in the city.
Super Rugby boss Andy Marinos says more teams could be cut from the much-criticised competition should they not measure up.
In an interview with Newstalk ZB's Tony Veitch, chief executive Marinos said he and his organisation were confident the culling of Australian team the Force, and South African teams the Kings and Cheetahs, would give the new 15-team competition more stability and integrity from next year until the end the broadcast deal in 2020.
"The biggest thing is getting integrity back in the comp," he said. "We need all the teams to play against each other as frequently as possible and [for] that to culminate into an incredible finals series.
"It's about re-invigorating and re-engaging our fans and stakeholders but the best way we can do that is the unpredictability of the results and the competitiveness of the teams."
Advertisement
But Marinos also gave himself room for further changes when he added: "In saying that, sport is an unpredictable and volatile environment.
"If some of the teams, for whatever reason, aren't able to participate then we have to have some flexibility if we need it."
There must be scrutiny on the Sunwolves next year, the struggling Japanese team beating a poor Blues outfit in Tokyo after travelling home from Cape Town but won only one other game this season.
The spotlight should also be on the Rebels, the Melbourne team winning only one match despite being in a weak Australian conference.
Most supporters of New Zealand teams will be satisfied with the culling of a trio of teams who rarely raised pulses here, but there is little doubt that the unbridled desire for expansion -- mostly against the wishes of the public and media -- and then the mishandled axing of the Force in particular, has harmed the game in the southern hemisphere.
Marinos empathised with the players and supporters of the excluded teams. The competition has expanded from 12 to 14 to 15 to 18 teams and teams from Japan and Argentina added which has caused lopsided results and a lessening of public interest, but Marinos believed that was the right thing to do at the time.
"At the time, when we were looking at the expansion, all the triggers in the market were pointing in the right direction and there was appetite [for expansion] from our key stakeholders in that regard.
"The key piece that underpins it all is the high performance and sustainability and as we ventured down this path it became a lot more prevalent that some of the countries didn't quite have the high-performance outfits to deliver week-in, week-out in this new competition structure.
"There was severe financial strain on the number of the unions as well so that's what has really caused us to take a good look at the competition structure and revisit where we are."
Marinos said the television audience held up quite well this year compared to last. He said in 2016 there was a global audience of 50 million. This year there was an audience of 48.9 million.
"It's not all doom and gloom," he said. "If we look at the global audience compared with other competitions such as the Aviva or Top 14 [in Europe], we're certainly drawing a substantial audience. The numbers are good and the attendances weren't as bad. Yes, there has been a slight drop-off and again that can be attributed to the performances of the teams. I'm really confident going into 2018 with a settled structure that we're going to see some stability in the metrics that we use to assess [the competition]."
But while Marinos was upbeat about Super Rugby, he admitted to being worried about the continued All Black dominance in the Rugby Championship. Steve Hansen's men, who play the Springboks in Cape Town tomorrow morning, have already claimed the trophy with one round remaining.
"Absolutely it concerns me and I think it's even a bigger concern for New Zealand," Marinos said. "Sometimes your sustained success can end up becoming your biggest weakness because it just becomes an uncompetitive environment.
"There is a significant challenge to South Africa, Australia and Argentina."
• Catch Tony Veitch's full interview with Andy Marinos on Newstalk ZB at 1pm.
This was a Romelu Lukaku-Marcus Rashford show that José Mourinho and Manchester United will hope can run and run. The Belgian's double put United in pole position – before late strikes from Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba – and Rashford again proved he can be the X-factor the manager desperately requires if he is to lead United to a 21st championship. By the hour here Mourinho's side were stroking the ball around and through West Ham in an impressive fashion witnessed only sporadically last season.
Rashford played a key part in one sequence that closed with an offside Henrikh Mkhitaryan finish, while Lukaku ran across the line and into deep positions to pose the Hammers awkward questions.
84 days after United's previous Premier League game their mission of converting last season's 15 draws into victories began with Lukaku as the spearhead. The 24-year-old is the No9 Mourinho bought, for £75m, to provide a similar weight of goals to Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who managed 28 in all competitions last season.
Seventeen of those were in the league, seven fewer than Lukaku's haul for Everton. The new man's key role in the Mourinho masterplan was illustrated early. Lukaku is a powerful man and when he biffed aside a defender, then later rose to a high ball in the penalty area it was clear that if United are to prosper Lukaku has to fire, too.
Those unwanted 15 draws caused United to limp to sixth place, only securing a Champions League berth by winning the Europa League. Ten were here, at a venue that demands entertainment as the minimum offering. If, say, just half those draws had been wins at Old Trafford then United's final points tally would have risen to 79, enough to finish third.
Number nine
United managed only 54 goals last season, an obvious factor in the lack of wins. Quizzed about this in the buildup, Mourinho acknowledged the need for more goals from those around the No9. The XI he sent out could be billed as forward thinking. Ander Herrera was a surprise omission as the Portuguese sacrificed a midfielder for an extra forward. This was Juan Mata who lined up alongside Mkhitaryan, the No10, and Rashford, the left-sided wide man.
The trio were stationed behind Lukaku in a 4-2-3-1 but if all want to be chosen consistently they will have to register more than the 15 goals they returned between them in the last league campaign. Inside a stadium louder than it has been in recent times, United hogged the ball and moved it menacingly on occasion during the opening half. This allowed Mata to move behind for a chance that was blocked, but when in a second time he did not hit the ball instantly. At this juncture United could be accused of a lack of directness in the last third. This has been a complaint about the post-Sir Alex Ferguson teams and when they did finally register it was via some quick thinking.
Rashford relayed the ball to Lukaku and he followed Tuesday's Uefa Super Cup consolation in the 2-1 loss to Real Madrid by crashing a shot in off Joe Hart's right-hand post to make it 1-0.
Rashford's pace gives United's frontline a crucial dimension and he continued to light up the side when they roved forward. Mourinho's recognition of this may have prompted him to allow the 19-year-old to flit across positions. After the opener Rashford switched from left to right to create problems along that wing. Then, he hung around next to Lukaku to make it a dedicated two-man strikeforce. By the close of the first half he was back on the left and could wander off surely to hear a contented half-time word from his manager.
Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba were both on the scoresheet against West Ham. Photograph: Richard Sellers/PA
The question now was could United go on and convince they could be prolific goalscorers this season. In just seven of their 19 league outings here last season they scored two or more. This again points to the fault of the attackers, plus Jesse Lingard, Martial (on the bench on Sunday) and even Pogba, whose return of five was underwhelming for a footballer of his talent. In that 2-1 loss to Real, Mourinho referred to a late chance Rashford spurned that would have taken the game into extra time.
Almost as soon as Martin Atkinson blew for the second half Rashford missed a near-identical opportunity. The teenager raced clear but missed badly to the left of Hart.
United were soon in total control, though, as Lukaku made no mistake with his head and that was a second league goal for the home crowd to enjoy as Mourinho's team finished the game far more dangerously than they started it. Rashford hit a post before Martial and Pogba made it 4-0 to send supporters home buzzing.
When Rashford was replaced by Martial on 79 minutes Lukaku wandered over to him to pat his cheek. There already seems a telling understanding between them.
It is, of course, very early days for the Lukaku-Rashford pairing and for this United side, whose next test is at Swansea on Saturday. Yet the early signs are there that this could be a year to remember for United. As Mourinho said: “After many years of Premier League experience, I keep my feet on the ground. But fans have reasons to be optimistic because we are.”
(Guardian service)
